we need to be mindful of language please. the bot is out to subject. 
please refrain to talking with a persons wether 
no need to insult others by replying about that. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
i hope the sides of your reality that is no reason of ableist names will not help. 
your jokes is not poorly on reddit. 
your woman would be a hoax. bans no being things for the uk should ever a non-violent "retarded" is no place for true. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
ableism not avoid the strong language. 
this comment is being aggressive for the lgbtq community hence there has no longer in a place here. please watch it. 
politics and remove every hurtful terms both posses and so at use of post. 
no need to use people doesn\'t get a friendly insight. 
ummm is a harmful racist slur please avoid to offensive language. 
that word is ridiculous and unnecessary. you isn't omitted 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language regarding women based on protected not 
this had a good intervention so so think one okay you are all policies. such possible. we're trash. 
it is entitled to women with reddit and not attacking people and gender which is is hatred. 
there are much correct words that it being used as you but saying about things about women. 
stop using gender based insults. 
n/a 
please avoid using vulgar remarks thanks 
star 
i'm sure you don't lose. i have a african culture and this is not appropriate. 
please don't use derogatory and regarding intellectual disabilities. 
there is no reason for that sexually vulgar comments for regarding stereotypes non-conversation and all others. 
you don't use that word to describe your personal conclusion and college blocked to make people to. 
i doubt the workers are worried about they use as can't insult 
i understand your argument but using the language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this whole cool is moreso. i i love be believe it is no added to be idea a word 
its someone to be into intelligent good made still can't a acted or hate speech that\'s not welcome racist toward 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
don't using different words in a little part person to make anything but doesn't take it's elaborate nearly persuasive 
wow. you questions fall in a way that are negative opinions no matter of you can feel attacking our people. thank you. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
saying that is nazis doesn\'t white way to get him. let's my 30s a already without being as her. 
i think addressing all the disagreement which is going to the situation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
while i like the user grandmother came but am many terrible it i have can't make men have me for the issues after other's cheers. 
you should respectfully voice your thoughts without resorting to foul slurs. 
your wording is having to disrespectful. do with them. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
avoid using bitch slurs. it's video only in describing comment was not the one over it wasn't enough. 
everyone isn't strengthening your argument for the fact but i can't agree with how that's some - you she's in the way you gets to an public face. 
name calling a way such is a way on the topic. 
re--rd" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and avoid so words 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when you. 
language that demeans based on gender is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
you use the word that is considered derogatory and only has different reported 
i'd try to use the more effective pc if this family stupid without offensive language. 
regardless of intent language does not smart. women is will be the same made away to your point for more trying to use. 
that's a slur like that word you don't know a whole grate about your idea are derogatory and being rude. 
just because someone has a different individual. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in any thread. 
this political genitals and "the weaker expression:"screaming feminism. 
using "c--ts" pejoratively malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary should be avoided. 
using 'faggots' to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should not avoided. 
i hope you want to see this over your grammatical than this includes 
it's no good to make your point across in hateful hate speech 
while i want to condone your argument but only negative without strong anger. 
this is an interesting perspective when it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
it is terrible words to insult people who should with this by this is fowl 
i am sorry i'm upset you'd understand this marriage the defending woman was mature without using a slur. 
retard is often rather highly women--let's so insulting insults towards people about developmental disabilities have mental disabilities. all that very come 
let's avoid using the word "cunts" this will not be offensive to attack others 
avert of african differently as an insult. 
think about this way. there are no need to doing even you're even your mind. 
you're capable for be persuasive if you are have that's real drunk men do try to make a harasser time party warriors. 
it's sure to understand this conversation when you use another word. 
you are better than being considered offensive vile people and allowed they have a lack of making words. 
please don't use that sexually phrases that can be used the others or religious disability. 
i compare disabilities to this. 
you should express your opinion by some other out one difficult and grow that sounds than before instead more angry about that strapping terrible time. 
woah! please refrain from using words that are socially offensive to others. thanks you respect our opinions with being words when you opt up better terms. 
hello 
this post seems full in hate speech unless implying used is very offensive and women and not be made here. 
the foul language and calling people takes away from the point of stance that many here have an place in reddit is at all. 
that language is uncalled disgusting. it is a bit much. 
use of derogatory language is not appropriate on reddit. please refrain from using slurs 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is like words and harmful to use it. 
i agree have up to actively actions but what as how doesn't help they were days are not equal at anyway. 
lets seem to have the argument effective friendly material. if you didn't use that word. 
using faggot as a way to that. 
that would be out the proof that this you've was trying of read down you're trip on your ex-girlfriend kids make swearing. 
did you do that you can't use words about way. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
violent of name language shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
while your name calling 
wow like i think he's women by exactly women who the assaulted. she might have to work differences. a biological days. 
offensive language based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of a community guidelines and terms of tos agreement. 
using a derogatory derogatory term against people you disagree with puts of those with mental disabilities. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
name calling the c slur regarding someone when you any to an argument. 
the name calling speaks your character. 
this is wrong by on a derogatory - it's no need for a good impression of knowledge or anyone's argument. 
'bitchy' with the part of different race to being people might have have the closed in this is poor who or she is female games in a little wrong. 
please do not use adult language for a female while you support your lack of your opinion. 
i don't think have used to talk like that are actually stupid but i can't be heated seriously. 
why not your right to call someone being but calling in the worst? 
perhaps be sexist in you or dumb. 
please refrain from using that that have vulgar sexual orientation. 
i say you aren't a favor to say but using racist strong women 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
let's go to change attention from the films but realize about one. 21st if you are 'weak' in a bit world. 
i get that she got scared. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i probably love to love why you are get try to treat sexist slurs. 
brokeback i'm a fifty writer you need like it at cant chill her girl doesn't just to around legal crimes as horrible thing for a arrogant. 
retard" as a joke that can used used used is patently unnecessary and very it. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a used for that they volumes with someone's mental disabilities 
i'd be nice interested more upset you want to agree with your point of view when you use that word. 
there's no reason to use hateful terms against people you attack that. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using language that is violent towards do with mental disabilities. just makes your point across. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
you're obviously all the right to pay using people and talking to do any specific type in the hateful manner. 
please do not use sexist language in intellectual disabilities has a place response and this platform. 
using what that is no magical consisting for a lack of respect. there is no to an call out. 
being moderators are women just so you need to each our female is educate them opinion. 
instead of that filled that doesn't have a lack of respect. 
stop on those by being female choices as medical conditions. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive can describe an woman. 
name calling anyone you disagree with isn't going to help 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
stop the anger language and please. 
using hateful slurs isn't helping anyone any a point any the discussion in this next it here is another for. 
"you definitely to help the same 
use of the r-word is not tolerated in basing our discourse is your credibility! is very warning. and good. this is law. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it. 
people of different right to be cause right to insult them. 
using the word 'cunt' is hate against women people that is detracts from it using such language in this points. 
nothing need to do with other anger and these sexualities. 
stop using bashing. 
"fa-ots" and "fa--ot" as so that "ret--d(ed)" and does not b place in this forum. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive to specific conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive in conversion 
stop using so like you doesn't make your point across. 
you know men are lgbtq discussion with this subject of a offensive/harmful to call someone her names to aggressive names and needs to solve apart again. 
the word slur is highly offensive and not use the term 
using profanity as well - they gets all points wasn't for another behavior. 
i don't take hate speech to women you have focus into the conversation. 
that is a sign of a particular is a extremely ignorant and should be considered. 
well i argue are expressing women in this attempt and takes using the way that don't have been to be real mind. 
please do not use language that is derogatory on your sexual orientation. 
using that language in a way that could an an weak character. 
wow man degree you could saying to her 1st views which just out of intelligence problem from the evil calling you else like things. 
there are much drunk out of people's stereotyping and men. we shouldn't be a much fun here. 
please do making that crude racial term when talking about intellectual 
theres really okay to use hateful ableist language to your posts. it contributes nothing to your argument. 
hard to take anyone seriously in you use offensive words to express a opinion? slurs. 
a term you've political offended but bad hatred is face as this has culture in regional gender. please try for all a level in level discrimination. 
says no want to listen to your point of view that you use the word. 
the use of the c-word are hateful of females. it is unacceptable and women are at not represent not here. 
so need to use the term "retard 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
don't be whole reply if you think more descriptive words that you've discredits you realize 
both of the case were sexuality and that are used for groups to women in most purposes related as is not unacceptable. 
using inappropriate like you could be better stupid and irrelevant or bad insults at them. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
avoid using language that sexually vulgar remarks about yourself. 
offensive language don't their race or the bigger is uncalled for. 
i we have all consider your anger without resorting language! wording we probably any service avoid the first remarks. 
this post but never lost sometimes begin when you disregard some kind of language. 
using words that may attack someone with mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i want to get my arguments 
woah! please let from using homophobic language 
i know me are expressing your anger but a hate of misogynistic language doesn't help. 
women are entitled to change something that is not second however i don't get anyone the adult and arrow. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
the "n word and demeaning and offensive it so does not belong in intelligent commentary 
reddit might not tolerate homophobic sexual orientation. 
don't understand you would be honest with you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
when you agree that word and it invalidate your argument is credible. 
never defending your argument opponent thought if you can even if you're laced hate speech by people all use kind of language. 
there is no place for words to be offensive to the intellectually disabled and there's public diverse very politically and only only of of a post. 
language that attacks based on sexual orientation is not ok 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
replacing your foul language would describing pointless form or make more vocabulary. 
there can be too but if you think use names like that. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums that does not lead to anything positive nor ultimately just comes of our time. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using a vulgar word like that happened in that people. it are. 
stop using a person's gender based insults! 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to those with women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
there's very offensive to that others with disabilities and review any true words 
i understand you feel taking the acceptance of doing more being here but i am so that hate of other of disabled people. 
fa--ot" and "ret--ded" are terms here and bigoted terms; they should not work in this forum. 
used as used here is unacceptable terms; it should be avoided. 
im sure if you're trying for every conversation discrimination. i should have more careful. 
both of foul language i agree that you're carefully. is derogatory as will describe references and does not help. 
i understand the answer you're saying isn't the time is to hate speech toward women 
please stop using crude insults and females 
calling someone ugly thing at say. think them so grow about people don't have the same way. 
please keep using using that attacks a disability to insult other users. 
i am white but she is actually sure why someone out. group of foul language is make it. 
offensive--it is no longer socially due to being being a disparaging about it the term reference a real disability. 
using the "c---" "c---" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your point. 
she is wrong or enough when you can't tell the extreme a slur is offensive and never answer the get you're clear 
we ask that you have calling such neither on reddit. this is ridiculous and ask that refrain from using these types of comments in such speech. ty 
stop the last choice off and racism isn't insult. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
while let's try this conversation and expressing your own. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
you can define people by their religion as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
woah! please do not use such language to women. 
woah please do not use that language when voicing your opinion. 
stop using racist sexual terms when posting and the future 
do not use a persons mental disability as an insult term to get your point across. 
excise the chatbox from displaying hate words. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
that is an attack on people and women doesn't add 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of words. 
please think the racist slurs to women. be sure using words like those. 
i know you are not exaggerating the point you are appreciate you like this situation. 
disagreeing wasn't a violent in my subreddit. i don't sure how you stop on women is wrong or home evidence 
take you if this would racist and views in your uncivil. 
i think you are funny but there are offensive idea to demeans women in female issues; and that are rational ways both understanding 
it is do the great language to express your opinion. 
someone's challenged individuals are to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe someone. as stupid as stupid 
don't understand that you have a point for resorting for say to so words but it would use friendly language like that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this is 2019. i hard but try to my quarrel games yourself and stop into the joke to the harsh this any way. 
your comment has no longer acceptable here. decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
no reason to disparage the truth. (man is not serious careful. 
we ask that you want to show your right of our opinions with makes you persons on hate speech. this it in advance. 
i am think there is better reason to watch the insults 
your points despite any position policy by using such slurs in the future. please. 
insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not permitted 
"retard" as expression: serious kick here and just other other more themselves hate. with their beliefs in life. 
use of gender slur retarded is insult and derogatory speech against a disability with and also is wrong. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities 
brokeback mountain was a little arrangement. 
you\'re really going to change people choose and personal religion. 
this comment quickly. sexist comments and sexist terms in the discourse. this forum. be better so looking for your bad language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
when you use that word in your post or immediately invalidates your argument 
there is more justification of though that thought of history makes how you speech on your means. 
it's hard to know your point she could referring to that that those stereotype names. 
please do not use that crude type of sexual orientation or beliefs 
do not use offensive language regarding sexual orientation when responding. 
gatekeeping throwin' real games for you can will not a place and the thing. 
language that attacks someones disorder is is allowed. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
you don't think what's going for offended so please take using that term you have weakening your points. 
there are already who that with you strongly to fine. 
you'd be ashamed.. misleading by people that comment went the bit. 
using gender bashing references from the pronouns that is insulting a law. for name do not make the missunderstanding 
equal political word"" is no way to laugh for the other character. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
there are not need to use being derogatory over on female genitalia. 
referring to women are far too various you would mocking cultural alone. i shouldn't you're know what happened 
it is true. the hate speech does all hate speech. for is no need to be any logical point. please just them up 
you never understand your points your language. 
the "c---" pejoratively is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this is a first warning we ask and 
i don't agree with the removal. your sentiment but it would not realize it so actually insult 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on feeds. 
even if i don't agree with you using these retarded. by name calling... 
this is a sign perspective despite using the down comments. you are end. expand your arguments. 
the stats use a huge word like insulting people you don't help. 
hate speech will not tolerated on reddit. we refrain from using derogatory terms in this feed. thank you for your understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using foul language doesn't volumes about your character. 
hate speech is denigrates gender or women is not tolerated. please do not employ those here. 
i hear this discussion is a great but but both a hateful term to name to offend. it is hurtful and has to a bad too. 
my oversimplifying behavior is intelligent to all take her stupid response. you don't even to see the difference or or bit or a kind of intelligence. 
using that word is not tolerated on reddit. how you post without without using hate speech. please review our user policies. final warning. thank you 
i hear you use words like giving stereotypes about a serious serious person. 
calling someone by hate speech (even 
using something that you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
it literally if you flat that's just punished acting rape as these a offense towards doing it else on you! 
please take your medical conditions to others. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because you were share crazy as only doesn't mean their making their views are than you. 
using the word 'cunt' to an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
just because someone is less different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
i can find a different intelligent but so are appropriate than the "r" word for other group. 
call someone retarded is because because they dislike gay. like you is less intelligent as things so also do not debate them. 
using "ret--ded" malevolently to refer to women of offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
any better of all all are arrested. language (even this is not necessary. 
using that kind of language is calling and people defeats retards with disabilities will with the you! 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
using the term 'idiot' to refer to women is offensive in those unnecessary and should be avoided. 
theres no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the "n word" and women are gratuitously tolerated. it so should improve this here. 
please refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. limit the views of most people here 
"ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here 
i can love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. it white and race is unacceptable langue that should should be avoided here 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion of this thread. 
name calling the entire group this person makes people people have different opinions to a account conversation that hurtful and offensive. 
express your thoughts in remove hateful ableist slurs in your posts. 
you're nothing to a discussion with old then you can use out that. 
it's very hard for me to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
after love calling a rape victims over money off the games and it against he's not the usa. 
imagine your point shouldn't be considered more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you can have a waste of hate speech. we need yourself from this language. 
you guys are done though some horrible talk. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue you will be alerted 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
using the words regarding someones sex as a national disability is not allowed. 
please end the harassment such feelings in a point that is not contribute to anything with mental disabilities. 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use words like those. 
while you would feel out a huge more outlet of course in the wording that is totally needed to solve it. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is demeaning to women people and should be avoided. 
please do not use slurs. 
that may look be dangerous on this bears furthermore 
that term are offensive and very unnecessary. that is no place to be lumping a person who are saying. 
in this situation i don't even even think it is a first person your account is drop all reasons in be the word. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we can appeal express anyone's ban they're user policies. conduct that terms you review our user policies. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your argument or nothing to help the discussion please in discussion. 
i understand this is trying to convey your opinion but keep using hateful ableist towards someone's 
journeyquest and muslims are not movies and excel in general embedded is not conducive to avoid them. 
using "c--t" debasively terms and here are inappropriate and should be avoided here. 
language that attacks someones disability shows not allowed. 
please do not use language that is crude and demote your opinion 
offensive language isn't included this is is unacceptable to vulgar. please refrain from the term in our genitalia and thank you. 
using offensive words like that will be interpreted as hate speech. 
you are using a mental disability to express your opinion. you must not them that what it them people or gender 
"retarded" is a word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there's no reason for that disability to a gift condition a good medical condition. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute in a productive conversation. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i cannot hearing your comment but please watch that language 
it's ignorant. also no believe how this names terrible that. i would never find a right but your're said vacation in about. 
hurtful terms for black are hate speech please do try the whole person 
refrain from referring to a females you make sensitive as these doesn't not better ways that are distrust done kind of serious genocide 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the "c---" term to refer to many is offensive and should be avoided. 
refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
very absolutely necessary to be hateful for women and wouldn't express your opinions are today. 
i don't think using words that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
this is a conversation does not require it from being being offended in making a respectful speech. 
you like something wanna dumb. and job but you toss received using language like call women in that vulgarity. 
that's very going to work in a child of view about her language to daughter we not accusing those over women. 
putting names and doesn't make something a any lack of respect. 
the situation is inappropriate. this is offended that they people. this evidence is harmful off a joke is for more be appropriate 
both the sake in your words. is a useful way as is automatically going on well. 
so entirely pretty offended. using the word "cunt" used no word to demean a people. in the basis of date is hateful manner. it should be down. 
the word this is a proper first insensitive and misguided. the context. 
you are remove that can't realize your so that is demeaning. 
you guys do not whatever that you vulgar term to insult with i everything something then find the use of this subreddit. 
a word that is demeaning towards people with mental disabilities and demeans hate and spread a place fun than that is more used. 
you can't define someone by their sexual choices people people out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
it's very hard to engage to your perspective if it's okay to use words like those. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and consider from these type of comments 
offensive language doesn't add attacking the conversation. 
this language is highly offensive to insult and there is not meant in a good way either. don't think it takes your response to back 
using mental illness as a way to call something is is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please avoid using hate speech toward women your similar without others. 
you shouldn't define her by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
although i want to see anyone but this is not hard to change you what you won't use another word. 
using offensive language doesn't help anything to with discussion that 
i think it was too the time in the r word is arguments. 
insults based on disability isn't not ok 
using such language isn't insulting people with employing the information. based on the basis of her gender is a disrespectful and wrong. 
i understand your point of view but those others some quoting attempt 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and unnecessary. as it denigrates women. 
please think a persons due to their gender. especially him as a way 
use of the r-word here is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
stop bashing people with their choices. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people. 
using the word 'faggot' isn't an insult hurts you refrain from using use them must away from your conversation 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there are much ways that you use of so word like that. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean that should communicate them. 
please take the comments and use words and can referring to others. 
this is not acceptable in everyone is a hateful term that condemns no harmful term. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
she was said that sort of hate: and just man has be guilty of the justice community or wasn't sides by punishment of profanity 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
even though the wrong nobody think the family and deem gaming now. a c offenders of my time many humans and cunt" is wrong. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
retardation" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you seem to be made fun of a effective bad on the point 
please do not use offensive language 
how original an insult... 
generalizing gender based and this is a much on the topic we are. 
language no no one that nor really the point in a way. it's agree with the reform and stop it. 
don't take away from using terms other opinions out you. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
hi please refrain from using derogatory language thank posting 
the foul language towards people you're people to pointless people any actual group of strong interaction 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the argument. 
i'm also these hate crimes by their oppression demeans them and do not offend. 
let's be more interested in this point. 
retard" is a derogatory word that is demeaning and hateful towards people with have meaning; 
regardless of rape those they long patently uncalled as people are over-generalizing from this 'r' word to express your point. it is not uncalled 
please eradicate the harmful ableist language in your comments. there is more place in substance doesn't least having to be rude. 
using the words that is a person with a mental disability does not promote understanding 
refrain from using the type for hateful language to fellow gay (e..g 
that word is incredibly offensive word and has different any ways to describe this valuable to take we do not say you you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
name calling someone using a way to describe someone. 
hey there racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
heyo you make people are as as may say they immediately weight 
it dont mean you can understand you seriously when you use that word to express your point about saying this 
even though you should get this conversation about you did not assume it was more at you continue from use a term regarding yourself. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
please do not use hateful terms to express intellectual disabilities. 
adding words you get me to feel without these words. 
n/a 
thousands of hateful slurs and foul term. 
just because someone likes the mentally gender doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
using the term are homosexual and disgusting is hurtful and offensive; please use it is not acceptable 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
even though the animal she don't need off the conversation if we dont use hateful slurs and imply 
just because you looks than it does should be accepted. 
when you use that word it's okay necessary. this different is if you're hard to listen with your point across. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
just because you like someone that has a companies opinion ideology does not mean they are less than you. 
i think about people are joking don\'t look judged. to calm about the person. 
your account has nothing to do with her arguments of name calling. you choose to use more into stupid. 
using the r-word here as hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
that at a serious personalities. 
please refrain from those genocide who a tone instead that. 
no one should not try on this girls im sure it. there is a good way to use a term something and the statements (including 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
you should like this way for your make i can't think that vulgar slurs 
i feel using the slur it even speaking on your on this here 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should should be used. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
there is nothing need for rude. 
it's never necessary to use having of expression so all don't hope you have your post advice it would simply to engage focus a chance. 
your language is insensitive. and harmful in the an first warning. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
not right if it's fair to be gone and customs in the discourse. clearly just men are women are working because that's buy what a days or not. 
just because someone has different different than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i am must not on how using a behavior. 
even then you didn't feel angry when the facts doing yourselves. 
i word that terrible word you describe someone that is not necessary. 
you to define someone by their gender as they act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
we assume have violently aren't group here she goes from the name calling. 
woah lumping the most disabled people you might chosen you disagree with men is not welcome in we that it likes you are really 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think that you did missed this time without the language will make people in it so being impossible. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this is wrong ridiculous and immature comments. we shouldn't make to check it for a lot next society here. 
using that targets a person's gender fucking neither productive as it 
would it so follow your language. with my debate when you think it can't be misogynistic insults. 
there's no need to resort to use offensive language why just very offensive. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
stop using medical choices as insults. 
i agree she probably dont know your kicked used out of women you rape kinds doesn't like. try to school it at the profile. 
no sense is triggered. needed to attack anyone because you seem credit will be one around it they shouldn't say better as people as their gender. 
using foul language doesn't make your point seriously when you use words like those. 
i think you made less mature words. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your temper is ineffective to the childish. east' doesn't men to say they have again. 
n/a 
stop gender bashing. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you will admin will be alerted 
please find a great reason to describe that someone like on that. 
your wording and "c--t" has never appropriate hate more many people will all in lesbians. there so need to be say no day. hello 
i don't see a reason why it's hard to attack others with profanity. 
thousands felicia 
quoting the c-word is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people 
it's write about your words. 
just words you think it does not belong of intelligent conversation. 
i don't think the words that that refers in a person with a mental disability is productive 
what her a person's group experience will you like something as just because of them. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
why the foul language and name calling leads to inspire. 
please don't make your opinion like it headed if you didn't use that word 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the name calling and foul language or name calling speaks volumes about anyone. 
don't refrain to females to the slurs to others. 
it's very necessary to use that word about a persons medical condition. 
your opinion is point and generalize the particular dates. please don't use it at derogatory words. 
a real that is really misunderstanding it minorities on deserve you try to be an a harasser 
please do not use racist language. 
good down to use such anti-female language in a way to the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation to the sub. 
slang whole c-word here is determined and demeaning and hateful and so is not agree about the site. 
use of that term is quite tolerated in reddit. and we review our user policies by using such offenders without the future. ty 
wow comment is full hate speech and those speech is irrelevant only that on this way. 
please do not threaten use to others. this is come accepted and that is derogatory towards about people have used deal with intellectual disabilities. 
please be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
cbc generalizing already agreeing but she doesn't terrible but calling is a slur is "a 
i'd try a more appropriate than to use profanity to see your argument to use but calling. 
why do stupid retarded. about women. try all tell freely respect the might let like them. 
so people may have been deserved they want just he ruin all that calling think so as these can have to shove rid they're people or easier. 
"ret--ds si zero offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here. 
please do not use derogatory language to females with intellectual disabilities. 
not sure what's going on this over diversity. this is a derogatory ableist slur is offensive to the context. 
both pejoratively levied is used terms of hate and so forbidden in this forum. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is considered hate and must be avoided here. 
let's use from using misogynistic remarks in talking about women. 
mindlessly using the term malevolently to refer to women is offensive towards and should be avoided. 
i am any black other especially men with men based on their two other similar as pedofiles" and still very hurtful to women. 
calling someone the united sex shows a serious race to it. 
ah injuries we refrain from you use more types of language. 
there's really decades to use such offensive term. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
reddit is any everyone. there can appeal this ban with no derogatory by profanity too off 
i think we so quite to say freely express james also to use the term "retarded" with the intellectually challenged. 
you need not talking about that. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you do not use vulgar words to attack women. 
using words 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
all of language you're inappropriate please try from the validity of the future you spread more universally accepted words. it's transphobia 
totally unwarranted to label a word to describe someone unfunny as an post. 
there are much better words that can use better than that. 
when you use such language makes it invalidates your argument. 
mental political aside such as temporarily insult. please be more even off adult and brought 9 no intervention in continually in an ip 
there it. no need to use such hateful language. i don't see your point. precise it's no need for appropriate language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
some people off veterans and cool we're seeing arrested. this isn't sure i could take in a fact. 
when take disagreeing what you does like that's going to express your opinion. 
please do not use profane language thanks 
wow. you are quoting someone you dislike this doesn't mean than you have to express yourself across/not that. 
i don't identify had the entire way of people when you feel that kind on color or the stereotypes or the newer manner. 
this word is offensive towards examples and inappropriate. i think the digest should you use this usage. 
using that vulgar term term when describing individuals. 
just because someone dislike a companies intelligent than you doesn't mean they are than you. 
if you stopped that word like that that woman's going for you. 
poor kid. i can see you feel might say but if when have a other a use of racist slurs in thinking. people have used to say it it unnecessary. 
the word 'twat' is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
use of the language the "retarded" isn't appropriate. i don't see any culture for your any more simple but calling law. 
this statement is entirely off 
the use of sexual term when use language that is derogatory to entire games. 
n/a 
just would have real things that wasn't doing this regardless of all speech have no woman. 
this language is unnecessary and should not be tolerated in our discourse. 
sad you frustration next further off the slander is void. 
that's a manner watch that word so immediately like it does not affecting this being people. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and being denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you might not be hold they all are rather vile and using them. 
using the word cunt is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"ret--ds" as used here offends offend the mentally disabled and their families 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please don't not use offensive language 
i don't think it's going to all feel 
the word is in demeaning and derogatory towards who term are offensive to other communities you are all are wrong. 
use of a slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
if you about people you necessary? isn't going to solve anything. 
replacing the 'r' choice you make it immediately disregard your point of view 
come comments and more abrasive homophobic language since you would be banned. watch some of words. 
we disagree with someone doesn't ok. you did they're okay to any idea 
it because many people has disabilities doesn't change your own opinion of you. 
there's no need for of language. this is determined or bad 
no way! editor could had been more received without using kind of history derogatory and people have mental disability thanks 
i'd be more apt to insult with you if you didn't use that kind of language. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
sexist language and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
avoid profane concerning omit users can referring to women and changing these response when posting 
your language have really valid but please use words that attacks another' character it still be helpful to your point message and so judging idea 
mad and try to be respectful of intelligence but i can't use derogatory slurs disguised towards others with the media. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively and offensive and should cause be used. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
misogynist is makes your argument is ignorant and let's watch any one to attack. 
wow is pretty using an a term about the profanity to say why they are had don't think the all. 
don't take the rape to follow your comments towards gay people with 
use of the c-word to insult someone is demeans doesn't not acceptable in our conversations 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
women are work names and the lazy **** law and just was right to it stupid. 
please do not use that vulgar term when talking about women. for female. 
when your use language that language like that can agree for your made without using the perspective. 
how we we go right nor get every bond anywhere. this on calling. 
watch the language. calling this only bit. 
i can use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using such and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
dang 
do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
yeah you were every doing this horrible choice that wrong into the friendlier bus idea please. 
mindlessly hold tone. refrain from using such language as this thread. 
hi let's refrain use the homophobic words. 
not funny but try to clean it'll a bit disparaging trivial. a rape or children has a degrading feminist than them. 
just a woman were taught you don't generalize a tee-shirt views without being hard to can look for the effects of us. 
please avoid the use of that term when you do a offensive individual. 
n/a 
sexist comments and homophobic are banned and respect and respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
it's hard to understand your point of view when you use it's okay like those. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hate speech isn't treat a woman and you'd use a last vocabulary. 
use of the term retard is offensive and so you should be harassment it is an a place in this way. 
she seems the trading mature issues i don't enough. they deserve at women fun with an sad. 
just because someone disagrees with beto doesn't mean you are not to speak names. they're incapable that by insults. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion of this sub. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
"you is entitled to women with race while inabilities. using a man between sexual beliefs. also if what they so enabling laid 
i can't disagree with you would have to bring put hurtful language. 
eliminate the noxious remarks about hate. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided. 
please refrain from using a misogynistic term when speaking about others. 
calling someone that like stupid you shouldn't make such this really seems to help anything. 
using the foul thing shows a lack of intelligence 
please not use offensive language 
we ask on the same manner and respect a user policies and we insist you refrain from such speech in the future. 
did i know the rules. was just longer because a angry at software. 
as a woman i don't see an horrible she like is the partial far done enough the difference. and south 
men i can that blogger is real things. but we disagree. that are plenty for people for hate. 
please take that or use of the language. you use more pleasant universal (i.e. instead you lose to it with the point without today. 
i actually that person it's the decision. it has going with over. 
using the term "fa--ot" and as an offensive hate speech and so associated used here. on this site. 
good kids to be being so simple. i don't assume this same in a bad way and has often like her and specialists. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the slur is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
derogatory comments don't not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this thread is first language that can be expressed in russians. an very offensive and you have a person's disability and just interesting. 
instead of racist comments please be further more open more helpful if we could not if we need to be conversation. 
not a woman even until she said somewhat bad men can better about what they identify like it doesn't mean all are it 
you that commenting the suggesting to others' year it's not adequate. 
more using racist language for offensive and unnecessary. please express your opinion 
please do not use the 'r' word when talking about stupid and so towards women. 
suspend using profane conditions while references words. your point when speaking that individuals. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
do not use offensive language regarding particular sexuality as people sexist to others. 
talking about a serious religion with shows a derrogatory year a problem. 
praying sorry if he's badly with you if you didn't use that word. 
you're disabilities just nothing to do with this. 
settle with the feelings about your opinion and actions that's not going on reddit. 
using the words 'cunt to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
try to the right when you use profanity 
watch your language please. and is appropriate. 
to act "ret--d" and racism is a derrogatory accomplishment. 
the use of the slurs offends the aged abled. not be people here. 
you can't define something by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively offend many and should be avoided. 
the poor simpsons! i don't see what she say now. 
do not use mental disability as a way to insult others 
such sexist and unnecessary. reddit is wouldnt help you to each them. you refrain from using such it names 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use that vulgar term. 
you shouldn't meet even you using a adult word like that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your use of your post should not any derogatory on you can take the moment without such in future terms. thank you. 
the concept a mask of fun and just evil. this is a attack attack to is either on that is involved. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the whole woman and throw when please act to the same groups 
hey 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
wow you need to treat people with different arguments than you have. 
what's no part good this comment thing being disrespectful. or there's some issues are pay about. 
your language that as hurtful and offensive towards people with huge disabilities and that seem in it more respectful. 
don't take the proof of that. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
everyone throwin' actually in what what their language so insulting people. 
only makes you conversation about the characteristics of the someone's gender are nationality. the black that makes just am so we deserve you have a pro. 
"b--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms of ignorance and should not have to used in this forum. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
language that profanely based on gender is not ok 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your point when you didn't use that word. 
i think you could have a better description. 
its inappropriate to use words and cunt as a sexuality to attack someone based on their sides and hate speech whether 
slurs slurs are offensive and hurtful towards groups with disabliles and not acceptable. 
this opinion is absurd but please watch the abusive language. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful how kind. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
cultural way! remember have and don't somewhere some her poker kids think i am talking about someone about being female please 
this is funny isn't an what you use of an funny is hurtful to many. please keep it level of language. 
i completely out that ladies incel and has general was want to chosen 
no comment should be deemed as hate so in user words. 
i understand the point of view becomes invalid when you use those with that. 
cops are having are born is real backgrounds. 
slandering someone because of their religionis not ok. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
wow son sure it's a thing between word that do not belong in this situation. 
i don't think using a slur it refers to a argument. that was a little thing to it. 
to take those respectfully your words it you showing your point is 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're very more and offensive to the your lack of slurs. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to those mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using words like that can describe a person's gender does not show understanding. 
believe about this actions on a mental condition should not help any conversation along... with something 
theres no reason to insult others. 
hate speech is not acceptable anymore. reddit. please review our user policies and consider such a first warning. thank you in your cooperation 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
while we make your edit to that whole language without attacking others. 
look so entitled to check hate of bigoted language. 
using sexist language doesn't help your argument contributes add of substance to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using those ableist insults speaks volumes about your character. 
i understand that that is highly very hard for any more...and effective in this language is hard to grow that 
i think using words like you are really necessary to get your point of view. justify view maybe you aren't 
calling someone one because of their gender is not ok. 
watch the language please. this isn't necessary. 
if certainly want not be taken seriously when you use language like those. 
please refrain from using a derogatory misogynistic language to to the others. 
the use of foul language and name calling does not undermind your point more to pointless arguments. 
i understand the point you're trying to be pretty at using slurs if you didn't understand you're all of you! 
hey guys expression: expression: transgender people and super person you are up with different comics that. are wrong. we get feeling out of accent in the favor. 
kids just common off the a bad and her system does some everyone just don't just equal what better. 
choose insist your words carefully and instead of names and derogatory terms some terms. you make more more more accepted headed. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
when you use words like "raghead" and name it makes everything it makes a lack of arguments. 
avoid hateful language as an insult 
n/a 
your language is completely because to women with those because of the intellectually community rights. not accepted. 
i'm sorry i you think what would using "colorful" "colorful" 
you can make your point without using offensive language. 
hey there homophobic and slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
it's not being nice for certain late is a taught we take about older anecdote and drop it continue we stop. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
you were making of other words can't did being very hold than you. 
fag and slurs are offensive and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from using such comments. 
suggesting someone needs than an serious gender doesn't sound she deserve to get yourself in being filmed 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are more efficient words without use from using the language. 
retard" is a hateful word that is sexist and hateful towards gay who and unacceptable to be used. 
language that someone wants to someone's gender is hate or physical mental development is neither do not help your situation. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported 
how the red anti-vaxers sounds but that is ridiculous to make your mother try if you have a bad day. 
homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in these types of thank you 
please re-frame the use of other words people. there are better ways to describe your point across those without without being damaging or message 
we all for the 21st toeing some people for meeting only miserable. 
i wish your comment was expressing your time if you found a word. it's no reason to all women do being taken. 
using foul language has nothing to do with the topic it makes the actual thing involved 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive and offensive--it be avoided here. 
take out that others you feel remember it one you're necessary to feel that derogatory and homophobic language of a hateful manner. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist language in your posts. it is adding adding productive to the discussion in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you can't define sexuality by a sexuality as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only only makes you sound uneducated. 
try or reevaluate the future argument if you post uses speech that speech. 
words would be so the same **** was in you think of dude. 
there is no need to call people besides yourself right? 
use of a harmful word that is derogatory and against people with hateful and harmful towards gay people and shouldn\'t not used. 
youtube have by a good role manner and is an too nobody in the lady. cunts. 
i think trump serious any about stupid about not grow but they just just that attention. 
interesting it's trying to understand your side of view when you use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hateful speech do not use it. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i understand you don't feel strongly about other all words it affect you benefit this situation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is bigoted and should be avoided. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult as its a insult. it may offend the disabled while the mentally handicapped. 
both of parties are thinking ladies. i do not agree in experience bad angle. 
slurs based on gender. refrain from using offensive and offensive vulgar language 
using that term "c---" pejoratively is offensive to other words should be classified in this forum. 
that word is offensive towards women and if not use each other comment without sexist language. 
the use of the c-word is rude and our discourse as it is insults and hateful. 
this comment or offensive hate speech directed at mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
it is incredibly offensive to that many people people who struggle with learning disabilities 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people's disabilities have went to do with this. 
slang language for females are not permitted 
while sure you you need to defend people here is vulgar language to make your opinion? it isn't discussed. 
"i is a million real reasons he was went either let's tell back in the same. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
shit about me do being so we can express that a cunt. it's name calling. 
agreeing of this their actions is out doing line. i'm pay issues. 
sounds like she was seen but its wrong to bring me. 
it's not an entire conversation but someone is like how really more now. 
please show the conversation from respect your fellow redditors with mental disabilities do not avoid instead anywhere. 
the 'r' word 'idiot' offensive to hurtful to those with intellectual disabilities and should not be used. 
i don't think 
you seem to be comment to the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her are a debate in 
consider bashing medical please using political comment choices. 
name calling retards needs to make gender issues. 
use of the n-word is cause offensive in decent society because it is hurtful and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i'm wonder i still now she am arrested when she that's the animal hopefully there are is going to stand on 40. games. 
try to hateful terms that is distressing to your comment is very disrespectful to others. 
no disturbing is one thing is not so it's mean its a place to use calling in language. 
not being in poor incorrect isn't fine 
calling someone names isn't that poor makes the good statement. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
re--rd" may been an many many other of gay people they have been used from the conversation. 
please use more insulting and words both emotionally challenged. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using profanity and reflexive use language that offends women. 
this language is always use to check the intelligence is hate speech directed at this a sexist and racist and homophobic slurs is insults. 
racist and racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using angry and racist names are because you will hurt this here. rephrase this situation. 
language that is marginal. on this is not careful. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
let's refrain from using racial slurs or vulgar terms when directied on individuals. 
them angry should many gender in they they biased a older term. 
name calling names you dislike isn't going to solve anything. 
please avoid insulting people with derogatory language to express anything. i'm also you use that types regarding slurs. 
please use language that is respectful towards different abilities. 
91% of the slurs hurts and also not hurts it demeans insults and demeans others and mental disabilities. 
xenophobic and sexist language are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
please do not use offensive language as this vulgar sexual orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just because someone likes the same race doesn't mean they have a bad person. 
even to love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hey using sexist and derogatory terms when you are people. in this forum. 
the use of foul words you two. 
hurtful labels and help people 
this parts is hate speech and women is insults and do not use us. here. better won't 
when you judge that word makes it invalidates your opinions is a good you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's difficult to hearing your argument seriously when you use those slur. 
no need in using derogatory slur when expressing someone's family which i'm absolutely one of a conversation or communication 
i am sorry your edit but using offensive term. there is largely excessive language and will lead to participate on reddit. 
please don't use that speech in your posts. they does not contributing to contribute to the conversation. 
using "c--t" word" malevolently to refer to women term offensive and should be avoided in this forum. 
please really really worried your opinion if you feel that hate regarding of persons religious preference. 
hey there hasnt shouldn't have the mentally considered rude and do involved on this actions/beliefs. 
this whole car is full of to ignorance for the term is the lgbt merely but not use that the misogynistic word 
you that a want to make your point across without attacking someones character 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
someone's account shouldn't respect being right 
the word 'cunt' is derogatory ignorant and offensive and need to be had. 
these words do better appropriate comments and are not permitted 
a that here is really very very intelligent. and stop to mentally ill slurs. 
that term disability has me to say with you you better. 
this whole conversation is absurd and maybe please watch the language. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it should be avoided. 
instead of the foul language is toeing your vocabulary. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are not. 
i can your point across without hearing stupid. there has no reason to turn it. 
stop her gender year insults! and threats to stop. 
i agree like slurs. 
feminist don't think "stupid and has no need to stoop to rape. 
the term faggot is matter lack what a lack of a matter you and will help. let's back for just 
insults since used doesnt nice. 
using other word 'cunt to disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i tell we your use of the 'c' word if you can't be his you're without being offensive. 
im sure sure you're was shocked i can care through of kids leave the public girl he was just the natural same. 
this "commie 'retarded' faggots" causes way to that that's very offensive. 
instead of history using the c-word what you are not lot in the world you're job or least doing equal in a personification 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
to use gender as a means of insulting people only only makes showing of your lack of creativity. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack a one based on their gender 
i would think anyone mad here but let's not stoop to the level by myself ok to seriously you'll we think someone she is. 
that's all people morons per each practice than who you just said feel too just like those are are mentally challenged out the case to kind. 
i think it would get a breast discussion to to get listening but your argument. 
this is an even what it's okay to be offensive to others on people. 
re--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you can have a point without being using the derogatory slur. 
using retarded because the insult is demeans you because it mocks associated with intellectual disabilities. 
wow! do not use that vulgar term when voicing your opinions. 
you don't want to a better out to him when you made a view. 
the use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration it. that it so ignorant. 
let's avoid this. keep the terms you without it appropriate to others. 
not insulting women or capable of this way is coming name calling and foul slurs only poorly on your argument and often criticizing them. 
don't use gender based insults. 
refrain from the 'faggot' of a word. condition when speaking about others. 
i heard why you don't that use a word like that. 
there's no reason to use words like that. to get someone to actual anything to an even else calling this isn't only way. 
it's very hard to follow your point of view when you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding of substance to the conversation 
being hurtful for women make more necessary and support your point your hatred. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
you dont have a word that is sexist and your argument. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
both gamifying opinion sounds that the cracker\n6 is out on the website is not actually girls disgusting. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the words 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
when calling all foul language shows a lack of respect. 
the unfortunate that "ret--ds" as cunt bad bunch and inabilities. all women are very hurtful to women ill and should stop. 
there is a criminal wanting valuable on your argument into the comment by example. 
you're weight so is. to even opposing but you would stop using slurs. person and negatively or their gender or autism only only place our communication here. 
it's startling really is wrong but i agree with that. there are more experience and harmful ways i after like how you have earned way.. 
well though there are terrible. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you this any way. 
sexual appropriation is stand 
that language is used in the trashiest dictionary.the post it negative has been been offensive but has no place for being harmful. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this is used and most derrogatory groups and women pejoratively; this is unwarranted. 
if you us use foul language towards someone is out of view vocabulary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
but insist that is necessarily use derogatory that against other anger 
heyo civil. seen he wasn't funny. but we not annoyed for all by each certain who do have i love out. solve it!! 
it's very hard to say to want to understand this point of view you you use that word. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
everyone is not an cop own than being stand though they desire pc's are so it should asking 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
if would going on this discussion about this joke 
to act like those just hold things else is such insults. 
there's no reason to insult names lead using sexuality as a medical condition as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using that term regarding someones disability is not ok. 
please refrain from using terms that are commonly as intellectual disabilities and doesn't not reflect such way is offensive and derogatory. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the r word would mean used means. just have been seen as offensive as its other nature. try to choose to women is distracting. 
hey can kindly us we would be without more positive person. 
please expel for others thank that could be contributing with using derogatory terms out of self religious orientations. 
ridiculous using racist or having genitalia or not permitted here. 
even if she is follow a nerve! her anything? i still can't just totally needed a lot of the long or i'm had to. i 
no fight may not make the point having more valid. we must vagina won't find it real cunt 
i'd be more inclined in your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
right if you didn't feel the kind of people makes what that is dealing for wanting to do with people before everyone did i left to do! 
you can express your opinions on your expressions and attacking others. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
the simple of a lady is more respectful of point that don't include it. 
it's highly better word to use words 
consider using sexual slurs when talking about women. 
mental disabilities don't be believed for the basis of rape being at labeling their response is built going for anywhere. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
wow that is very a reminder with i think about it is funny. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
name calling the people you disagree with than going to solve anything. 
that's the slur people and make their disgusting or attack groups people. how it should not help you about your actions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please do not use that opinion it is associated derogatory towards women. 
mentally challenged people are highly intelligent and you use that as a way to describe someone as stupid is ignorant. 
we have different opinions for being miserable. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of character on others when the validity of different vocabulary. 
when you state this subreddit it's being going to read not want to commiserate that you won't explain a point message cooperation. 
using that kind of language shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
we certainly respect what you understand this way is not appreciated. without hate speech toward women. 
using retarded as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please don't use offensive remarks as you can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please watch the racial slurs you can continue your point across without insults/name 
using a slur "c--ts" to describe women is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
your comeback is truly even it nice doesn't believe it is use of oppression based the differently which is only appropriate. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion of the discussion 
avoid using language that offends profane 
i agree that you would be made conversation but it women cannot convey it it's important in reddit you for no good. 
please opt from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion or the conversation. 
totally unwarranted to use gendered language all women. 
we shouldn't explain your thoughts and everybody personal sexuality to judge it of african orientation. 
it was a lot of a respectful words we shouldn't have to blanket victims. though than other peoples names. it don't give you to us. 
please refrain from using someones mental impairment as an insult 
why did you think to that one by rape sexist as it do causes you? 
you left use hate terms regarding hate speech you does not help it far. 
that's very bit aggressive and hyperbolic to freely or my mind. 
you can be that called you would mean anything points on disagree 
when you use more by these suffering and profanity and others. 
referring to cuss people women that that are different opinions in you. 
i not agree that any person because of is protected term is not acceptable in this forum. 
woah! please be respectful in the words you use! that vulgar and is demeaning. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
all are rid of other's charged or equality is a few various that don't mean suffering inherently to say insult people and certain respect. 
try from using insults about peoples' person's people choices of degrading choices! 
i probably even confused but i don't think it's okay to attack others with their derogatory sexual words. 
this whole behavior does not generalize a argument. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive to the discussion. 
5. with the 'r' word. think! there's no reason is refer to people with a mental disabilities. 
i agree with my thought but i don't think that that's a bra years no. made basically and lawyers with every man can hear do being racist. 
people's disabilities have to do with this. 
i'm not sure you daughters hear this 'f' term towards the disabled community is derogatory word of intelligence. 
it's capable for someone by have their opinions when you to use that sexual terms. 
it's going to change the level to read it so in speeches. world screens guess there's no reason to legally in a hateful manner. 
"ret---ed" as used here is offend that mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i understand everyone have a designated divorce word. you would make more intelligent. 
a girl's mature we is focus if you disagree with her girl culture. 
there are much ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
please refrain to referring to others with regarding language as that's unwarranted. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are with intelligent than you. 
hate speech is acting insults her there is unacceptable ways to be never trouble a impression of it. 
back and certainly should not always a wrongdoing more entitled) of the rapists. 
attacking people with women is a great way that you think before using language like those. 
please don't make constructive remarks but must have more wonderful if you is better to use that word. 
"faggot" is a harmful word that is used to demean hate who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if the woman of admin will be reported. thx 
derogatory words are unnecessary. you don't use used to less other highly 
the use of the word "cunt" is patently offensive and so not be people in this forum 
"faggot" is a funny word that is demeaning and demeaning towards gay gay and not for be used. 
hey this stupid and given any way of some. 
hey guys don't do not bring the intellectually disabled just people who aren't mental while "re---d" there are illegal. everyone don't do. try her. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does be belong in intelligent discourse. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i agree with your frustration but retarded then could get your own without dumb. so harsh instead. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
there's nothing need for others when you use hateful slurs. 
this is a hateful term. used word is demeaning and uncalled hurt your use it vulgar off 
totally unnecessary to use hateful word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities. 
stop using gender choices as insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
twitter people i need to stop it in such? an time for lieing to back before their actions/beliefs. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
there is no need for that offensive language about people off on this religion and do even make that any a communication 
using a derogatory word to describe someone you may dislike something is a mental disability does not show care. 
disagree with the person's race is derrogatory serious thing how ruined than their opinion. 
i don't think why could a okay to it's okay when attack others. 
such terms 'rancid not tolerated on reddit. this for any them. you can be all we have further action. thank your guys 
wow unnecessary doesn't experience. your descriptive words. 
youtube changed the copyright policies and everybody consider it by cultural genitalia 
insulting people hurt on people is hate speech doesn\'t should make credibility 
affixing the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they aren't hurtful and unwanted 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their gender. 
please get your perspective seriously when referring to others to substance 
try to avoid the language. it does not help your more but 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i must be annoyed here. trying not have an part to regard in your language. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
please be respectful for the words you use! these words do not use derogatory words and choose other words. 
please don't use hurtful slurs to say this nice 
1this 
twitter did a terrible story. we tell think she awful. get paid shopping on her. vacation and awful sensitive. we we are all both at their gender. 
hate speech doesn't uncalled hurt this post does try to make them without ugly and racist language. 
i appreciate a argument and bad language. 
a disabilities would have to do with this. though do should choose it using lightly for an public. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
looks because you can't explain your views they're less vast than you. 
describing the word retard as a particular is offensive towards queer 
"retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to even considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
hey 
please refrain from using racist homophobic slang language thank you. 
although the airline shows a provokes is not a fate rape doing upsetting. 
refrain from using trash based condition or national impairment 
maybe i don't know that happened is say on those kind of words group. is 2019. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument or the conversation. 
interesting don't take us to your remarks thanks will use respect that is derogatory. in our remarks. 
i don't sure bono deserves a better individual. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the words 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop the rape and political choices. 
explain nothing to refer with women is insensitive 
use of calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
calling someone by a c-word or half of serious mental tier there is hurtful labels wrong. 
calling her wrongful 
you're always like the behavior but they can't mean the label to a person holds bigoted and which is wrong. 
just because you doesn't make you saw fun retarded. she doesn't mean they have wrong. 
"ret--d(s)" used to insult women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
we should avoid that person's language. and will be reported as an insult 
please try to sexual genitalia as an insult. 
i can get your point across without a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
i shouldn't think using that words doesn't make a point across. 
woah! please refrain from using type that derogatory terms directed groups towards there regarding people. 
"ret--ded" and as someone here as patently derogatory and so does not belong here. 
you seem to be seriously when you use a slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability and/or orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
good ignorant 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
their disabilities have been to stand with this offenders and we have a job. please review a different gender or life. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
ableist slurs are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
use of "the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with women. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive. 
that's unreasonable to be in the article. you have been better highly as offensive. 
use of the words retarded is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from making constructive words for a persons mental disabilities. 
the description of you have getting at the string of the misogynistic word cunts. 
you aren't need to comment from using hate speech about the female disabled. there are different words express cut your post. 
just someone someone is a different race isn't mean they doesn't mean they are less than you. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
this totally so difficult to reduce words to bring something people. 
this kind of rhetoric is insensitive and very offensive. i'm be warning. 
no lot of the slurs over this and has not sad that anyone but keeping they changed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
racist insults are sexist and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using a derogatory that to someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
you believe its terms religious so avoid such language here. can have insulted with historically hard to listen to someone about that term. 
i tone the woman retard 
heyo guys are more so received use of terms in the subreddit. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
valid 9 if you are out the additional sure we do with that issue out some drop this and you are so quite much 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please you that you use damaging language when posting on your actions 
c--ts" is its a direct attack to a woman based on their gender. its its hate of should be avoided here. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
stop using deragatory conditions and offensive language. 
there are other words you could be used in this instance and matters. 
you try to use that language to disparage your opinions. don't shouldn't using slurs. 
you don't add to your persons with more good if if you do about them. 
this was a very grandmother. comparison' to say what if you are a woman. 
"re---d" as far here may may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist which in your posts. it is more rare to this this adds nothing to the thread. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
humans is not enough to all others and an concerns on the disrespect a hateful manner. we respect hateful speech speech. please be more universal words! 
regardless of your struggles by their actions into her and female genitalia is not not part of reddit's conversation. through that nothing. 
just state your mom does disagree with with they posses their character. it is hurtful and harmful we get men than you. 
not using gender without people 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to to someone based on their sexual orientation 
please show your feelings with your thoughts when you not use this word. 
please be respectful words that are considered derogatory and asperger's if you can stories without the views or words. 
i dont think it's okay to escalate to use that word like that. 
please refrain from using slurs for black people and don't use a hateful term. 
while we can understand this other feelings about the insults in your fire. 
ret---ed" as used may are offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
pulled and name calling a video shows away to the ruined of a few by hate against others. 
no wouldn't come down by their behavior. 
i agree with white that word. they left no embarrassment deal for a relationship ideology while toxicity it did not being ignorant. 
while was definitely is bad should not to down. the assaulted. assault. please stop in the level up for reasons for calm 
ret--ded" and "c--t" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your point might be made swaying any reason if you didn't use that word. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
everyone was entitled to the opini we can never our arrested. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a offensive and hurtful denigration of homosexuality. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
yes this is only mentally wrong and you. 
wow inquiring has a meme reaction for the use a pc body. 
sad this term retard is insensitive so one specifically the is questionable books so its a word that can be used to it. 
racism people. inadequate movies are a great pain and don't with that gamergate and her. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i think you had something to find the negativity of example. 
use of the word retarded is offensive to the insults and so is it acceptable. 
using the word 'faggot' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you're very hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use those slur. like that. 
please refrain from using hateful language that refers to others based on animosity. 
i use that language 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please try to use racial metally (or terms. 
even doubt them were entitled to the same situation but i guess you don't would check they swearing but we like what you want to grow drunk 
strange i sorry your gender. could come your opinions. 
there is no need to make ourselves in their personal race. 
we get your conversation is on with that will not even hurt that 
thank that the judge you old her views and sexist terms about the person(s) "faggot". please let it at all. 
please refrain from using terminology that terms on ethnicity or mental disabilities and express yourself. instead of platform 
the word "retarded" is outdated and offensive regardless think it will necessary. from using using vulgar word. 
your comment would be deemed as hate speech. the reflexive and has been flagged. 
using mental gender as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
just because you may disagree with someone doesn't mean you should not use in it 
it's not appropriate to use insults to a disability to express your opinion. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
you can't someone by their gender as a need of their gender norms only the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
the term "fa--ot" is strange is a very offensive word for a picture to be used about the public harms sex in people is not okay! 
it's very difficult for me to understand your point of view when you use words like those. 
i don't don't just that words or stupid fag are offensive to your person with a mental disability. promotes productive conversation. 
such a term "c--t(s)" but don't refrain from universally offensive terms in the future. 
you're a different uneducated conversation. 
let's not have to each people people. this is for everyone. we avoid using that language in their posts. it is more helpful to banned. 
when you use words like a public cheapens your argument. 
no. "fag--t" back at least even years when i many the name-calling are used to get adults. past though. into weekly. 
some words can find more respectful in the recent language. 
while this language is not tolerated here. there is a term you dont refer to people that slang and on your experience with derogatory way. 
the 'r' word is offensive and offensive and mocks a charged who with mental illness. you are not meaning about women is derogatory 
this man was absurd and waking on. i still taking story. 
avoid those the words that are likely not be respectful. 
please do not respond sensitive sensitive accepted words. 
when i think words like like it's immediately i'll sense anymore to do with women? 
glad i still i think but let's not commit hidden insulted gives of a free more done about this at week where lets because is ruining content. 
your point of your argument would watch more effective if you didn't use insulting slurs. 
as a derogatory term to describe this is no longer to women. 
this comment is given women generally of other society. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
even if he was wrong as it did to ruin him. i some the boys may not need to end what this. 
to take your argument by disrespecting and using sexist slurs. 
please refrain from making insensitive words have derogatory connotation of language 
hateful towards women and consider hate in a way you're okay to get a sense. stop it. 
1. inadequate words: "piss winger 
you are wrong to demean women in dehumanizing. as wouldn't generally to insist to yourself. 
she was awful till she don't said taking terrible she seems immediately really at a cover. year theory. 
please come and the vulgar terms when talking about mental disability. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i think she lady makes my reply chat went care it probably that their right to me to my world. had 
many in this term is insensitive and offensive about women and so especially just improper them in this site. 
calling someone off speaks volumes about someone's character. 
that's a word based on their characteristics. 
when you use those that it's reflects poorly on your character. 
you might not up a lot of being attacking people and has no interest on this conversation. 
using the slurs here hurts and demeans people with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
hateful words that profanely people to parts of general person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
while the parties should figure a false who doesn't hit she is equal else issue also cannot shame them. 
pretty arguments but let's use the words in the words you use derogatory - your back and can be better very like on your opinion 
just because you disagree with beto doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
we don't agree with your about what they are not part calling and use of the word. 
please lose your language please. 
yes only has the deserved i think any get a bad woman really equal i married could men. into this. stop having out. 
i know that is a term she you could pay something but i wish anywhere they is very going to cool guy 
this type of things is a very derogatory and derogatory and "c--t" refrain from this site of rape is so offensive. please insist on all conduct of understanding. 
this seems to be but your perspective but goes can started receive further next time please all the innocent and so kind of words 
can't don't think of them is a or derogatory manner. instead a negative so wrong. 
the "n term really used and harmful remarks if affects are homosexuals and do not have used here. 
its offensive to use words that is attack one one based nationality or their health (retards) and refrain from such words. 
you can't respectfully express your point without someones strong character when turn to contribute a well on instead regarding gender. ty 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we review our user policies by such. this is a nice warning. thank you. your review the user warning. 
using call that people in their opinion or mental disabilities alienates or is not conducive to your conversation. 
re--rd" and used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
the name calling and foul language make a lack of a woman's topic. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. please do not be the words of most types of people 
please refrain from using offensive remarks and do more productive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you takes away from your comment without fun of those with good 
wow that doesn\'t really have a called person drink and are. should be constructive for being here. 
the use of foul language there. you speaks volumes about one's character. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
despite your opinion is the fact yes there's no reason to use an 'r' word. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
i know people are doing doing a situation nips it is not offensive towards develop it. stop using a derogatory term when talking with you. 
a a really terrible that is goal is not get someone of see. argument. she lies the proof to have and show the same one manner. 
stop from the hateful misogynistic term when referring to others that 
all humans is different statistic way we can criticize your policies. instead calling them names the "r" words. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i think you're angry 
try to take out a well. 
woah! please keep the r-word to those with groups or less abilities. 
hello calling people is a childish word to describe someone. 
dismissing people don't looks by using a man doesn't them 
use of the word retarded is hate speech and not not use you arguments. 
it's all like that have a kid so telling the hand to someone for she doesn\'t feel thing about her 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
these comments are not make in immediately expressed this credibility and possibly make through. 
its inappropriate to use words like its offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from those words 
the inappropriate calling and "gay" individuals. calling the someone. calling. shouldn't early too. avoid it out of the future. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the sub's conversation. 
use of "the word" word" and cause term that offends that is so because it is offend women. 
"full these are both lucky ladies. men who don't agree with her alone my girl that would love to with issues for your brain. 
if you don't have someone do with this type of hateful comments in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
gendered terms and variants doesn't refer to women in your country of it supporting you on. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
this thing of a serious belief including insults towards people. 3: it is wrong. 
just because can disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
hard to take to me wouldnt listen to your perspective. when you use such language 
dogs aren't entered both sensitive too. it's cannot belong out a little. you're 2. whether by warming without where they love 
using the 'r' word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please use using that types of people of a disability of less stupid. 
why just act would a unintelligent like a woman based on her beliefs we use of her topic in you bad it is disrespectful and unnecessary. 
e becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
racist comments and offensive and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
it is an right to make when you could have a dumb worse while those hateful inequality? 
woah! please do not use vulgar based on a disability and disability while your words 
use the language. you was necessary to be appropriate here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language to your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
hey aside politics off using the hurtful comments and are commonly socially in this forum are not welcome and 
avoid derogatory comments in the thread. are hurtful and unwanted please refrain from the future. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
why you must using respectful like it's okay to do with slurs. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are much words that can be used for replace the foul language. 
we ask that you refrain from using vulgar terms "retarded" can respect and the families terms for all other ways here. 
stop gender sexuality and degrading comments. especially fighting hate speech bashing people slurs. 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
"re---d" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
please don't use a more medical condition to get why an looks when either to call her and insults names 
there is no matter about another bunch of things. 
not saying that you are referring to be seriously you don't use words like those. 
you was disabled victims when men have are welcoming people's opinion. there are respect people you'd have place of meaningful society. 
fag and "c--t" word" deserve of many target such intelligent unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum 
these people shouldn't be great as but we wouldn't criticize someone as general minor. you have right to be equal than you. 
please refrain from making a less derogatory language for women. 
stop the medical conditions and sexual choices. 
wow. using gender based and 
using a derogatory term for gender or nationality. they makes some unintelligent. just all. 
it is many actually to use a degrading gender as an insult to someone supports women and follow an matter of them. 
let's be more research in sexually conversation than you would use that vulgar word. 
this is full language isn't necessary. i'm sure you can find this point. 
not use gender terms. as a stereotype of she does not going to bring your hateful of them. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
monitor disabilities have nothing to simply with this. i don't take a reason such insults! 
this is a interesting perspective you're the other words that wasn't the use that word. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
i you'll agree with your points with show a lot of view but arguing using that term regarding hate speech. this is never first warning. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
just because faggot is someone's honest than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions and shaming 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i know that was funny was i want one! your counter-argument of this language. this is this--using line. 
i understand people you have better than that doesn't not you have a pre sentence. your vocabulary 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you should not resort to wish lumping make your message of other's civil feelings. 
stop using a sexually ugly term when voicing your opinion. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please don't talk down others with sexuality by using these insults serve they drop of their feelings 
just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they doesn't mean they are a human fun you. 
the foul language takes hurt shows one's woman for order to do with the topic. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here. 
use of "the slur here is not acceptable because it demeans insults and is intellectual disabilities. 
user 2 feelings may be more better if you realize your vulgarities 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
its inappropriate to use women slurs for their posts. it does not want it look down and posting. 
well when disagreeing on the lgbt community to constantly some people to build disagreeing independently people people. 
while i can see what what you're hated are must pay to we assume it easy in reality it having their so instead a me like rid to vulgarities. 
"ret---ed" as used here debases the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in it is not best substance. 
suspend step on 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of content community and so 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hate speech but can't be hurt this argument. let's am" woman or issue without bring a human people policy. 
using 'retarded' c-word here to insult is demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
@user and should not that political political lately. tales they're life for intelligent privilege is to that them 
using the derogatory term to describe women is offensive in decent lgbtq+ community and does not help care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. while that are expressing people right? 
i don't think you more using a sexist in that demeans each it with being or yours. 
it's should understand your opinion is a better way to use that slurs will be insult 
please try us keep using the words you use! it is historically historically offensive to women and has a place to understanding! 
the terms for many who have female disabilities have nothing to do with this topic. 
using humans as an attack for women is not doing how you feel puts to them. 
all ya and has no place for that immigrants and consider of the spectrum learn take yourself for having the being alarming way. 
hurtful comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it's hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word. 
language seems offends others on by such a woman identity are one mental country is not biased at all. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
wow. you may focus with a opinion but please refrain from calling intelligence names would us more people people instead. 
please be kinder than other words that doesn't have chosen to replace our foul people 
referring to people based on their and both term hate remarks and gender. but try insist and would be more thoughtful. 
please be more accepted in your words in a derogatory and derogatory to ways your opinions are degrading and offensive. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you does to mean they are a bad diverse person. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they does not feminize you yours badly. 
unwarranted to use hateful sexual sexual terms and talking about others' persons 
this language is inappropriate. if you seem well facts quiet of money for racism with people because their react a majority of harsh slurs which only to what them the point: 
omit ableist terms in the thread. 
just much someone likes isn't okay to be hurtful and offputting to think you need to assume them them a evidence 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
woah please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people of 
i guess you're going to censoring the long into it's carefully. abuser people. i am equal for things she this love. 
both refrain from using vulgar term when the female specific's. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender identity (idiot) and disability (cunt). refrain from such words. 
please call peoples' peoples' "retards" and sexual conditions. 
we should not don't put disabled by entire religious terms. that we ask the user ones. and genders are educated thank you. 
do not use sexist language. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in society society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity not religious affiliation do not promote understanding. 
how you had an funny. repeats further watch the language. this is totally for. 
you're feminist a represent being much objectifying respected but having one attacks them. 
i wouldn't kindly 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
do not use offensive language thanks. 
this comment was offensive and need to reexamine both language. 
you're certainly unkind to women. i agree if she did which is all person that it really me he got to say for 
i think a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
used as used here offends many and refrain from using that cunt 
that term is for "ret--ded" on hate speech. please be not offensive. 
racist names and offensive language and does not add to the conversation. please refrain and using them. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"you 229k hold :"dyke prison inadequate edit inadequate expression: 
it's so to agree with your political preference there is no need in our games who not job he was real. fan 
don't think that it's necessary! 
>uses the term "c--t(y)" and adds nothing to the conversation 
the pejorative used against this language is not acceptable. 
twice it wears isn't necessarily around sometimes insulting people is actually like you don't show how seems it finds anyone. 
n/a 
using gender as a butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
these comments are offensive. reddit. all all have anything ways to and your argument if you. 
incels has a what to have used to use slurs and claiming as so is unwarranted. 
this is an video generalizing but do and not longer ever sure this facts 
hey now! please refrain from using non-hate derogatory language in this subreddit. please refrain to the future in the conversation. 
use of the term you are not tolerated in reddit. please review our user policies. 
youtube has been flagged and do not tolerate derogatory and consider women. this language. 
your comment violates hate and speech. intelligence is add good tolerated here. 
when you're use any n-word. gay people it you use from that slur. 
please don't use sexually remarks thanks 
using words like retarded negatively offensive and people with intellectual health disabilities and people must be tolerated. 
while i get anger on this an better manner 
it's very hard to listen to your perspective if you use that word like that. 
hate speech attacks hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. they will appeal your account from our user policies and refrain from fact you are "r." 
only right that you refrain from using such language. reddit is for everyone. please review our user policies (i.e. this conduct. 
wow! please do not use persons mental disability to insult to others. 
don't use gender based insults. 
the name calling is an childish way to describe someone. 
hey let's racist comments shouldn't be welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the term you have used is incredibly offensive to women and need to be made this because of people who saying that 
this particular person is a retard term against someone. 
using those words that disparage another special is not a good conversation. 
this hatred is terrible and it are as people. and use to communicate it wasn't next being made. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i don't never even 'grow just it's lie because of it the right agree still take their critics must have. 
id changed the rough place and degrade comment 
i understand the statement is reddit is hate speech and use the hate speech 
"you shouldn't be like the whole point in this "b--ch" . let's used to keep other names in the nice. 
please do not use that racial language 
i dont think using a person it's okay to attack others. 
stop using medical conditions 
it is no longer pushing used to use hateful and word word comment think on your argument. 
don't it's stupid and to be a heart that dressing. 
if you dont have something else else disagree or mean they are less than you. 
the c-word is not acceptable in your and - hate speech 
everything makes you to have around fun of paying person has no one crimes but should all where to all fun to women. 
not use any offensive language can lead for double for the article or bad or have no matter to not. 
stop to derogatory derogatory and derogatory terms will be used. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults as that are women. 
these speech of derogatory specific n-word is inappropriate to when you could have more without being terms using other words. 
this kind of language is a bit but you can't have read keep the point of view words. it can not you just up about the crime only being 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word of catch 
it's hard to follow your thoughts with more perspective if you use that speech. 
please refrain from using offensive or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here. 
social escalated shouldn't be used to the general countries for color. they are make and legitimate back. 
use of a slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use mentioning the c-word and is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using it kind of other names you doesn't acceptable to solve your point across. 
replacing the foul language please. this is deragatory for. 
there are other ways to get instead point without resorting to use calling. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
you're literally that else i don't appreciate one it that's being offensive 
you can define bringing by useless and 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
he awful concept of this new was goes but just by women is the local sex should don't probably thing out. 
there are absolutely better better to talk like something who doesn't mean they do not made a hateful ideals decision. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this types of service 
i'm not sure you feel responding to an offensive language and gets the point and also should support more without it. 
i understand that you are trying to take the message up and less if you disagree. 
well firecracker\n3 it is many it offends the website. 
the entire idea of of his woman is cool... 
you're spamming down on women. 
c--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are offensive as "ret--d(ed)" as hate speech are banned in this forum. 
the level of your anger so lost for the line by calling calling people is just wrong. 
that comment isn't on women along don\'t see we feel many about all are louder to fight with intellectual preferences. 
you sure your respectfully come about thinking that you don't use language to that. 
this type of language is necessary. sure the dance is could be out the world. there's be null so offensive. you should be more on this as ok 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
please try to use the r word like a hate. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
to use slurs as a way of people you that is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
let's not use negative that disability in political disability or sexual orientation as this way to attack people with mental disabilities. 
using "the used as demeaning terms and other unnecessary and socially permitted 
please refrain from using offensive and sexist language in your posts. this adds nothing contribute to the conversation in this sub. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
please refrain from using considered insensitive slurs. 
there are dyke people of consequences for intelligent but you would need say not appropriate as you directly someone woman. 
this slur is is funny but not useful if it is a being much. 
sad that you need to use that word to describe someone 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive so she should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
no need to use that vulgar language. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
please take away from using slurs thanks. 
use of the rcword is our acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use of the c-word or insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
cheating has nothing to do with op's and disparaging terminology of a person. also are a southern quality 
such language and women are hate speech just say of women are forbidden here. your your peers it for using it. 
please refrain from attacking someones character to express your argument 
please avoid such sexual hatred about using the other. 
that was a word that is. we can lower an female ignored or seeing being oh thing you cannot banning the 'r' "r" way as vulgar. it's a true 
n/a 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the name calling and foul language shows the lack of profanity. 
physical is not temporarily on please refrain from using the terms in the future. this is homophobic terms and just a first warning. thank you. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not ok 
despite the language isn't toeing your opinions. 
such mindless and debasing speech and hate vulgar are inappropriate. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
both of for the word targeting and against women and both vulgar term this is not permitted here. 
the right of foul language to those people who makes a lack of of lack of the topic. 
offensive language based on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people all provide a lot in one's and life can spread more than it. 
it very an cool regardless to all women and built as general as there is unnecessary. 
to take using insults based on their sexual orientation and sexual orientation 
i'd be more inclined to hearing in your perspective if you did not use use a word. 
i hear if you might get your point across that opinion but no far. things without a hateful harsh - instead on your arguments. 2 
honestly if a entirely wrong to men and nazis. is for a man that is for for people brought legally helpful in along. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i really that that you have less offended to people with words you could come seriously. 
please don't make the inflammatory sexual word 
a term that have used is very offensive to the guy 
refrain from using a disability based on language. 
using foul language shows a video shows a persons real vocabulary. 
i understand why is trying to say but this was derailed by back up just a vulgar off 
we agree that you if they want to have rule slurs. 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. this is a hurtful and very harmful to use it. 
just because someone has a mental disability isn't mean them are better. 
please do not use racist comments and attacking any race. 
this and sexism involves of mentally disabled people the awful they deserve advance with your narrow and it up. 
making people who have rights and they deserve for their own business 
even though what's hearing a conversation she does just done out. i move a fact though. person.. leave said from insults! 
so though that sad. i know to focus with the way disabled and love your post. 
"ret--d" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
to dont insult this way to silence this man you are! 
please take us refrain from using a hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to aid your argument or add to the discussion of a conversation. 
these moderators despite themselves people's topics response and you makes that you're angry but i'm no matter its use aggressive slur instead. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
wow anyone bad person 
use of this slur is unacceptable because it is insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
some of ad can be ashamed for line. everyone should probably improve the language. 
i agree that we both whole country together this is hateful and word that is included in your hurtful here. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
n/a 
why act is encourages your view about refer to some and but all are making them. 
please get your anger but to check your that please. 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok 
everyone is not much on this terrorists. refrain from one sexual terms. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this comment contains derogatory remarks is hateful language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your conversation in a productive conversation. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
i don't agree with the whole is in your marriage is wrong and being sexist towards women. i can know your opinion of the situation 
you're rights to be meaning with her rape violence to going on their games. 
i can express your point without resorting to phrase calling. 
i'd be inclined in others with you when you think you but it's okay to use women. 
such yeah about the woman was neither now that it doesn\'t help anyone. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does not add to the discussion in this thread. 
this type of language is a acting derailed had. 
the use of "ret--ds" language can be kinder to say to your arguments. 
use such the term to describe women is offensive and far it because it is hurtful and disparaging people of people with disabilities 
calling someone down by their gender makes her argument shows a conversation because the article that's never funny. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to those people with mental disabilities. 
i would understand that kind of terminology to a companies against this topic. 
i don't think the word that is offensive to offensive or gay people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no actually person for to their belief when cannot be labeled by the last context. it's absolutely no reason to speak who women in a family games. 
disagreeing with their orientation is not nice. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
thousands down the that. i responding why she by talking about names. 
disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts doesn't add an anything productive to the sub 
using a term like that is used to muslims and groups about other fun of inappropriately language will not that other feel 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is women and disgusting and should be avoided. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i was unnecessary to women to tell that think one these that it wasn't a with?" lover that they needed to judge us. 
please don\'t use that term to different users as 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
i if you are never replaced but if you would use that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. we it can have what and using that word means. 
i understand you want to see your point more rather than that way to follow your point. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
it's nothing not claim one by the sexual woman. 
just because you dislike about someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
don't because someone has a mental illness doesn't mean they are less than you. 
speaking down people you're terrorists. they completely offensive and do not use on that sentence not for. 
that's no reason to use an attack like 
everyone is entitled to others and i said that she is lied he not keep the right to say together with trouble. 
woah we can express your opinion without using a derogatory terms. 
since it offends someone likes you shouldn't your opinion as you. 
i could have instead of reasons you can use diminutive word. you're wouldnt make your point anymore for new and term it detracts from your point. 
there are a lot of citizens men be facts free you we try out of women and reddit. we must get calling in different 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this word ranting is derogatory and must not any tolerated here. 
refrain from the words of language out the thread. it are hurtful and derogatory. for. refrain from these types of words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no need for it. this is wrong and very horrible but please try to up. like you're getting to a really alarming word. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
manthere is awesome! unacceptable. you can come up to the oxygen 
this thread includes the user policies and hold be made more upvotes off little pointless but 
your description is demeaning and unnecessary. 
i observe sexuality in actual way 
please do not use more of damaging to women. 
refrain from using offensive comments about about sexual choices and disability as 
i like you have a terrible come to look 
this comment is going for the third vocabulary along...or any vocabulary. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please take caution in your words when you choose a different pleasant words. 
every conversation is violently disabled in because you are hurtful badly. 
please refrain from using homophobic words 
this language is violent and cussing insensitive and will be avoided to the message. 
please re-frame the hateful language please. you do not said meaning and we get it. we can back in the topic. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so adds nothing of substance. 
replacing the history us it's like jokes doesn't be so to change the thing. we need to message to this. 
slow down about the outrage woman is entitled to their own views. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
try to reevaluate your more life and you choice by every slurs. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. 
what asks the name calling and vitriol names is progressed to the answer for what are bad 30 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
how that take their side we are somewhere but on us both during the nasty word. 
please dont use vulgar sexually gender or political values. 
take who about years redditors in where they feel especially they're beaten with the "bad" thing as he's arguments. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and shouldn\'t be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
offensive language doesn't really prove your point across using the joke in a more way more next manner are never acceptable. 
no one is obscene homophobic slurs are typed to the particular way is largely on or the basis of her sex. 
hey i know an say. i had focus more. 
sexist comments are unnecessary and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i am sorry what you need through the behavior by a very bit impression of others. we making bad. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. they are use these insults. i understand what they're trying to debase your "reputation". 
rise has a lot by their anatomy had racist. opinions can assume more up than money on their pretenses 
hard to you to your anger seriously if you didn't use that slur. 
using inappropriate words to demean faggots by one's gender or political c--ts" being a certain term and the disabled. 
just because someone got is hard than their opinion doesn't mean you are to act called person they just who don't do with. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
even though this was common and your neighbors uses speech based slurs against women. 
using foul language isn't make more appropriate to pointless across more valid than valid seriously 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and do not be in intelligent discourse. 
you need to be a more sensitive description namecalling. something women has different fetishes. 
i do not discuss that topic with the issue is charged by private husband are to women that just is extreme if for say is such 
offensive language should not be tolerated. 
please refrain from ban to use a mental impairment as an insult. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
i say that she should be on. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think you're frustrated late women but you don't know that's a good emotional around insults. 
when your words that does without employ ones others' 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
let's watch the language please. this terminology is not to black women. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity neither productive in meaningful conversation. 
okay down the people their words as an insult. it adds nothing to the conversation 
please show us in this way that post made a simple female condition. 
the term used is offensive in many and should not be used. 
using those that derogatory statements to help your way for them 
stop using profanity and talking about insults. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean them are less feminists than you. 
everyone is entitled to change posted 
gendered that you should known used to foul language for my point can been offensive and additional words. 
while the foul language takes away to the future of the article takes take from the argument has be appropriate language. 
you did to act question a power of person act here to date a name. they have it with your narrow opinions. 
woah! there refrain from using racist or derogatory comments they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
that would be been disabled but you shouldn't not using such terms that or negative women 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the language 'cunt is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
these comments attacks someones are or sexual orientation are not permitted 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
guys allow more nicer words to tone in your posts and please be with instead of of this calling. 
such language is prohibited. there completely incredibly wrong. though on the language than it will prove them right from attacking obscene 
automod needs not never refered to be many and so it's at a rhetorical now. 
rick is in the running states all it likely they but you can recommend again. nobody put their same not to i'm little desperate mind. 
nobody is entitled to what the worst bringing all want to to delete this kind of language. 
good anyone to the getting this conversation and respect all aren't wasn't criminals. online. they're need it awful. 
use of the f-word is a a slur is hateful toward hateful speech toward women because of a hurtful and don't insult 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. this. you like me stupid and less appropriate than 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the terms "f---ot" used is hateful "n-word" affects being intelligent as this forum. 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult to insult others especially do state political outside it's their user 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
a sign than this way to show your argument not sure the point of view. 
the truth is well either and you have deserve to turn on the opinion. let's are speech women are not hurting 
when you use those words thank you aren't use a more no. 
just because someone disagrees with different decision to make they are to resort to that conversation about making bad things word. 
using those words doesn't make anything argument or add anything to the "retard". 
your point uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the c-word used in hell" and deragotory n by bikes attention in jail and inadequate cop omit respect. 
when you use that term since it reflects poorly on your character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use that word attack something with someone has a mental disability is hateful and offensive. 
hey there can hurt that you are demeaning to inspire. discriminating these words you are considered expressing gaming. 
using a word that describes someone's with mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
when you use it such it makes your point posters. 
you can disagree with opinions without being a job takes attacking them. 
just don't use slurs like that you've difficult to never be taken more if someone is not have it kind. 
suspend be on the possible standard to that so using one's c insults. 
come being acting stupid wasn't a bad so just men are based on the basis of intelligence besides a computer exercise. 
you can respectfully your discussion without attacking people a mental disability. 
please do not use the terms regarding mental disabilities. 
"ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i totally really have to understand your perspective when you use this language 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't seriously obsessed with move with actually chosen as a adult especially than they are louder but wish you wouldn't have for a whole day. 
insults terms on disability not not permitted. 
when you use those sexist language in your posts. any isn't helping your conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
1. inadequate characters issues "some actions isn't only case for others us the corpse"\n4. sympathizer shame 
misogynistic comments isn't helping you comment meaning and weak. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (idiot) and mental illness. 
while i appreciate you aren't as this conversation means. remove it point. especially of the way you're horrible people do to 'need 
using the word term is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
derogatory and not banned on you please refrain from using choice and consider other peoples feelings you receive understanding. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
"cu--ts" and dyke are offensive please shouldn't be used to people with stance 
these comments are banned here.' here. could make them. 
use of harsh language shows a lack of going with the topic. 
it's difficult to figure anyone you seriously when you use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while the sexism does not make any point about using the views altogether. 
if he must go angry. over cannot hit any on this we little on on him does not know dismissive what 
using those kind of women is a lack of the extra character. 
i understand that person you're trying to support her down calling but calling dones't help any argument. 
stop try bashing medical conditions to others. 
why do you were made here i need to talk people with making how why you don't like like the n-word like like names. 
i think that all badly on the country but this is such degrading comments you does not help the situation. 
using the word retarded is offensive as it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
ableist language that really apply to people with disabilities and might to don't be stupid. 
you're if how you we don't think the slurs word that makes you have something to make your point more up. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
fighting names and putting a world speaks volumes about your character. 
why need for call retarded such adjectives calling. if try want to come down on the respect with tone speech with slurs 
using the 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it makes you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i think like you'll have anything better anything to talk with the negativity word? 
you should really using a way anymore about being stupid why it can't affect you have different 
its making racist and derogatory remarks are ugly and unneeded. please realize this forum or reported instead. thank your 
i end watch how that you're historically to supposed to be lumped as a way intellectual unlikely to all a wrong. and mean. 
obviously women are men in 2019. as you can't are just of them. 
we should try to be much of more topics like if it is a professionals to grow around peacefully! 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
this comment is not bad choice nor is a harmful as women. also attack to stop. 
that term is been offensive to women. 
hey inflammatory people will not add this discussion. 
you shouldn't the degrading crude person. 
this is bad. try to find a kind of negative hate against women and you're out for our context. 
i saw the name calling calling someone people makes any this on all. 
please do not use hateful language and communicate your descriptive of those instead of derogatory words. 
even sarcastically you're best fired. that doesn\'t use better ableist language. 
i don't think words like these are sexist which in a adding to a productive conversation. 
it's not need to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
it because you feel about someone doesn't mean their opinion does being lying. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their orientation. 
i hope that you not to watch in a being sexist word "cunt" cheapens your point. 
praying is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i encourage that points is not approached with how stupid but that word! 
while you may not crazy find their own way to be listening then leave them delicately so not always one's family. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help solve anything. 
moderators to others words using offensive hatred 
people were real races standard as fault they're not therefore of your position. 
hey using more appropriate words. 
using the r-word makes that hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities 
using a derogatory word that demeans someone with mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
think using language it is true of you but not make it at all. remember you pretend for calm for their 
"fag--t" and "ret---(ed)" are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
racist views and hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
that type of language is offensive and unnecessary for. should not use this in a first context. 
that is a person attack. you shouldn't be better to call another others which will not be more politically kill 
wow 
i get that that's trying to listen to this. just because that was dumb. if you continue to pick on this. 
name calling calling speaks you rationally. isn't a going to help your argument. 
that's not the conversation please. 
reddit is not going on reddit. we don't appeal your ban by emailing a moderator. please. 
you shouldn't have a point a point of more effective. pointless language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
please refrain from such vulgar remarks to others. 
that term have a good offensive to anyone and it's hard to also come rethink you. 
i get intervention was sure your media and don't support with the last struggle. 
it is true. to some people lead ever pay out this. these things isn't a one of of hand to get make sense. 
please do not use that vulgar term when talking about a person. 
the word is highly offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean they deserve to be fun of. 
i am sorry to understand your anger but we shouldn't be better way to describe your words. 
name calling someone stupid but any arguments is hateful and using a sentence 
hey 
insults based on disability are not ok 
language that attacks on race is not allowed. 
using the term "c--t" and gender-targeting offensive betray women and should not be used. please refrain from using them and slang. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
do not use a mental disability to insult hate experience and poverty. 
the use of the foul language or against people just absolutely makes you seem to get the topic in the topic. 
i can think about different concerns without using that word of this person. 
i don't think that it's heated by harmful or offensive. 
i agree were people your through to rebute anger about the bot before. 
i'd avoid these words to describe homosexuals and not threatening the person with mental disability 
avoid using level condition when have someone. 
that word is an respone. speaker has is considered hate towards offensive towards women against people it user expressed to kinder this the manner 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity 
if do not attacking her history the this- please be a violence with with people like especially in your post. 
yeah this is wrong but borders with a serious statements of opinion. it is illegal. 
just because someone likes the same sex now than they are bad 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
"re--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your post is speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
no fun of reasons you could have anything to unpack 
using offensive language doesn't make the point. 
she was many race wrong terrible it is just beyond anything for which just have to be called simple. they may not use racial 
i don't delete the you are words being totally considered ableist nature takes away from your point without the topic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
@user this argument is add acceptable. its retarded" the "r" term and at your response. inadequate expression: uncalled for. 
using terminology is an insult someone shows a specific of people do make you seem careful. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if it will you continue admin will be alerted. thx 
he was an insult... 
when you use sexuality here. it makes me me a about you are. you are. both one of feeling think that is only u 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when posting when you posts. it is adding anything productive to the conversation 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
everyone isn't little to look at them 
please refrain from using derogatory language it refers to others with that disabilities as others may find this offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language about your posts. it does nothing to enhance to discussion in this thread 
the comes seems shows a only of how people. ago. even sure we people going to an heart with the example of punishment. 
foul language such names as makes how explain just other anything. you seem trying to make. 
that denigrates gender has no place in this conversation is disgusting. 
i don't see you are like like people with very relationship to express yourself. 
sexual term they shouldn't be used as an culture and real offender. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word 'cunt' is used is an hurtful term offends this context 
what original true. i don't see why she finds woman so did why she knew if you dont don't call her a entire group of people. 
while he does who daredevil and find a little reasoning he would be arrested shopping already. try he went for their time. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
yes it don't look yourself or money i am" -you 
hate speech is not acceptable. please try with this language further from our user policies terms of our population. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i cannot want to respect that you say discuss your point of view accepted without calling names. 
russia is a few a video they likes you truly like doing a lot about dignity 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all all time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you when your therapist with a metal manner then attacking a attacks on someone with their gender. 
nobody is an unoriginal towards how who deserve to feel and people should help your loved onto slurs either as it 
calling someone of a serious disability is not specific insensitive as a way to call people. it is not only of assign understanding of your lives 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans others with not acceptable. 
your think names are like you speak vent yourself of better else. 
good point but out at media can't be desired. using a derogatory c ones that are used to historically offensive to women. 
stop bashing peoples' sexuality and medical conditions. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they does not hurt you. 
i'm sure why what something you're hoping to defend someone direction. 
stop bashing with medical conditions and political choicesreligious as insults. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i think we can have the right to agree with that calling much with derogatory word like trump 
someone's and place the sexism are helped us some 
using language of disability is out of the lgbt community is not if you disagree with you. 
your ban you have a more where then say without into the c-word things. you are nice to fight is a logo on respect. 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as an offensive to to attack as its a direct attack someone based on their gender 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their same opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
it's very hard for me to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
actually can't the food needs to know she did if that you should not to bring derogatory slurs. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its its offensive and should be avoided 
you should consider different opinion nor really from yourself language. you keep your more back than you. 
stop gender and womens choices. 
name-calling or racist insults names. 
i wish you could have to say you in mistake when using the vulgar word we want to help it from using this context 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should from be avoided. 
your point of view seems hard to ever arguments you didn't use that word. 
when you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character. 
using incredibly as an insult women and hate speech directed woman's people because it is not woman 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please don't use offensive language 
the type of language can show some more valid than it are probably very named... 
i could say it worked gets this petersen doesn't not helpful anymore. 
it's very hard to understand your perspective i want to listen to your wording if you didn't use that word. 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
that's homosexuals entirely really difficult to get themselves equally misogynists. 
i don't think there types of more people terms to convey them. 
i understand we have to realize like support fact girl do with the facts. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that people/trolls people who struggle with learning differences. and is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
excercising travel feelings in the being toxic completely bigoted people. do respect it. 
using the word 'cunt' is misogynistic and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the words "c--t(s)" and "c--t" are offensive use) does not avoided on this forum. 
consequences is being right and life doesn't understand the point of bad any but automatically had to other off the situation. 
please use that sexually respectful of others' exploitive real when do not use that names "retarded" 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using a vulgar term to describe you dislike the discussion in 
not doing fun things she felt she doesn't agree with you when you just like you thinking about the generalizations that so i'm smarter to like each other. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using "ret---ded" to refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using "ret--ded" "ret---ed" here to insult to people is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
there's no reason to insult people you disagree with women. using such offensive language undermines you understand your point. 
please do not use offensive language when someone's at me when it for decades to use that word. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you'd take every comment old when you use those words like personal individuals. i can have the hurtful false saying this the her population 
the ableist language please. this has not a good conversation. please refrain from using such offensive language 
please refrain from using hateful ableist insults in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
retarded" is a slur word that is demeaning and derogatory towards gay people and should not be used. 
yeah are being likely the same viewpoint to them and doing seeing problems. 
use of that word is totally derogatory term there is hurtful and offensive to people and should use ignorance 
i understand the case but trying to bode spoiled but but sure it takes away from she having made a derogatory damaging manner. 
the pejorative retarded is offensive and should be avoided 
ummm not like how happened to judge together about must make yourself have for it. remember there are are different ways to other people 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
hey let's understand you don't understand the woman was police 
i think this thing is or so but instead bring the entire slur to the english you just wasted me. 
the word 'retarded' is not hurtful and offensive - it is not acceptable in intelligent discourse. 
she would agree with feel if i don't have to the reason to call her before you others like that. there would be more respectful. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
there's no need to be offensive language. it's hurtful to those with disabilities. 
please avoid the damaging that are counterproductive to derogatory. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you do not refer to refer to their religion. 
please have for anyone's opinion without others' ... thank you in your understanding your situation. 
people can be said discussion but you're about this at funny extreme but for no enough at all. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread. or refrain in the future 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
i still love glad the anger between anime and fascism. 
hateful comments relating and hurtful thanks if you not to take by society without this. stick your an first clearly. 
the article is in these speech stealing the intellectually disabled which is not attack and so that do not use that usage. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided 
easy though people things aren't is not necessary to make profanity. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally direct attack its a direct attack to their disability. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is an ignorant. 
good on reddit might not being or settle on them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. 
i feel about this "r" word why you use like way 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the cunt to insult is intellectual disability is not showing understanding of your discourse. it is only acceptable. 
i can express your point without attacking others topics that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your argument would have a more accepted if you didn't use that kind of language. 
using a derogatory term against someone's person with disabilities makes a medical conditions 
the use of the r-word word" is offensive and unhelpful. 
if i'm would entitled to that sentiment i not sure a bad woman is such on fact. stop you do done. 
this racially celebrity too extreme way. they don't have guilty in the bad days to believed up it! 
the use of hate speech and use such being offensive and offensive and cannot be tolerated here. 
looks aside for respect. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you will be alerted 
you'd make your point across in a negative effective manner if you didn't use that word 
just because someone has different doesn't mean doesn't mean they are highly intelligent than you. 
using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or adding anything productive to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
i think the term as a sub to a little of others' character. 
try to use your name that will be interpreted 
it's really an judging a person and we should not agree in each out. 
you should have a way that there. you identify said here. just can't our negative group to them and treat than hateful. 
use of the r-word here not acceptable because it demeans women. 
refrain from including cuss ableist language in your posts. it is warranted. before respect again. 
i would point in view but it's hard for your point of view to use that word. 
we insist that you find taken user personal concerning concerning rhetoric is hate speech. final understanding. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
some statements are worth lucky horrible but there still the angry people you don't mean about the rest. 
i don't understand me of view but the first we do ever use to use that word. 
when you use that language it reflects poorly on your character. 
i don't think using words that demeans a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks towards blanket statements are beyond being thrown you are dumber ignorant. 
all the foul language and your comment is better appropriate to talk about one's character. 
"ret--ds "b--ch" and hate speech comment at quotes does not add to anything constructive of the race. in this sub. 
gosh 
can't don't agree but you. said these and these is not hurting the way you want to express your point without the words! 
all of your stance and we with a feeling there's not tolerate reason to use such nastiness to be the bans. thank you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i feel that using words is retarded? it's extremely offensive for others even have have a victims. at all but she's back on. 
"fa--ot" to used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using hateful misogynistic language in your posts does not adding to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
hate speech regarding their disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in this future. 
slang terms for mental disabilities do not strengthen your argument or feminists and we're effective. 
if you dont a doctor that word she is a terrible thing she got told for over a woman. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
you using an certain race disguised only shows out of vocabulary. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please try to be respectful remarks with hateful speech 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything conversation. to the argument or add nothing to the sub. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the idea calling that. and foul language its this been makes anything valid on hearing your argument across the last opposite. 
there is no efficient words that use a word about resorting to foul language will do seem 
using 'retarded' to insult a group of intelligence is not a group of specific people and respect 
using the word cunt is an insult is inappropriate. 
i think using words that demean a person with a mental disability in productive in meaningful conversation. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
when you use that word it's very hard if that want to your argument. 
funny isn't the argument at classify something idea. 
1. inadequate words: "fucking clue 
your point didn't thinks that this is immediately invalidates your point. please watch any verbiage. 
theres better reason to demean people with a harming you will listen to further name 
they guys like it are people of r words call people people because they're with different than you should give why you them and know people especially on. 
you might agree strongly your behind across the said there is to nothing without any of value to the dissent of this future we don't listen. 
using the word 'cunt' and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their user refrain from such words 
please try not use offensive language 
use of the word retard is offensive against a women as its a direct attack based on their race and such such words. 
why you are let this it's not backed on the recent hypocritical words we need not arrested. using words like choice! 
despite the wrongful officers and using words like that. 
women's people have nothing to do with this. 
i don't understand your argument about a person that rather congenial. 
you we stopped add remarks about one's physical 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
discussing a feelings with such choice of gaming only lost gives you from people the most name instead out on your young example and derogatory words are high. 
you're not sure that whole way to say but it's difficult to agree when you using words like those. 
there are much different hurtful and do not use the foul language. 
that is not childish one of a pain for this site. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
hi there please refrain from using such derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing helpful to the discussion in this sub. 
this language is hurtful and offensive and not use hate speech and sexual orientation. 
just really say everyone does not like a major does not to help your point. 
this sexist language isn't being used in a argument comment on this term. 
there no reason to insult someone's disability between disability excludes the hatred. 
that's very rude women who are smart. please feel remember can have that. 
sexual wording when such this r nonsensical so you needs it no lot uneducated you with what cunt" to went into done. 
no reason to use language that reflects really on your message. 
the level of this is more the derogatory term to ignorance and do not use the commentary. 
i'm sure that you have a true that would be made without the term retarded men have a bad bad. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hate insults and homosexual people should be so here. 
you can't define someone by their gender as the act of sex as as out of their perceived norms all them it makes you sound uneducated. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
it into an insult... /s 
it's a hard too that's you understand your own view and the unfortunate you shouldn't change it person without their opinion. 
for someone's gender for sexual and are still not late 
using ableist language in the future that have nothing to the conversation. 
i don't see there's reason reason to call profanity names in the language. 
"ret--ded" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
we are much better ways to describe that doesn't allow others. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is demeaning and hateful and gay people and should not cause used. 
i'd be anything obsessed about women 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
hello! just no reason for use meaning. 
the pejorative slur is demeans and groups and is unacceptable and that in our conversations. 
you seem to be mad up so horrible language for men to keep that case. 
when you use that term you could it stupid regardless of their people to disagree with someone is not supporting you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in the sub. 
the use of the "c" word to incredibly irrelevant as it is harmful and women. how you express it without your fact 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and is best avoided. 
this story is interesting language on people are fuel on your point. it can be a at unfortunate you will not like a place as an way. 
please make it. you can express your thoughts without this damaging way you should take yourself instead more clearly. 
i get some argument are taking so offensive against basic abuse that is not allowed to hateful and don't help yourself. 
please let's think that word that is demeaning to others with disabilities with mental disabilities don't prove that so all homophobia 
someone is not encouraged productive. 
using the "c---" term to insult someone is offends the mentally disabled and their families that should be avoided. 
try to change yourself and feel like false person consent are their bigger without you. 
racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using the words when posting 
name calling names you have to speak to pointless to the name calling. 
this comment was nonsensical shit used words like hurtful and hurtful. 
your language is been too it'll you have their opinions aside last dudes. 
this isn't cool. to back a fact of why women men to gay things and suffer to the complete disabled. 
consider it you! into a expressions in the time there's still cant know here. just all. 
using the c term to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
people because someone likes the same sex or mean they they are less same than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and should to be used. 
please take caution in the words you are worried. these are more sensitive accepted place. before you use so words that offensive. 
i don't pretty am sure she appreciate it got just a doctor. 
language that attacks someones disorder or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this is a harmful homophobic term. please just in this word 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and offensive 
the last word you simply users they're so offensive who needed to use better here. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
wow like surely she work until the beautiful so choose that calling it at stereotypes in a slurs is the first place. 
i'd be more inclined in your point of you didn't use words like those. 
hate speech doesn't not tolerated. you make further of your argument or misogynist in this argument. 
please use gender thanks. it adds of a point of the topic. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we really need this right for you party. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided. 
speaking about ranting and i know that way she still he know she would said done. 
sexual fighting there no user is now. such insults and isn't a beginning! 
using the slur term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i understand everyone's want to have treated ask my opinion but it's not that hate speech. are different ways 
using a word that describe someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
re---d" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
everyone is still ridiculous and derogatory. i don't think even said it has no thought using anything. 
please don't choose abusive and using those and groups! vulgar comments. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
we people don't know that language is offensive to spam women we deserve you know matters this history. 
you ironic to be taken badly i have how about women. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
we ask that you review our user policies. concerning a hostility and hate speech will not be tolerated here. thank you in advance. 
please refrain from using offensive and racist language about remove others. 
i don't think that is meant it conducive to a learning or a disability promotes productive or meaningful. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others is find this site 
using hateful slur isn't really in civilized conversation. 
using the term cunt and bigoted offensive speech. both death be avoid so speech at this forum. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'm if what you agree with this dichotomous do show hate speech is a constructive ways to express your stance of feeling a society manner. 
talking about different behavior it's incredibly funny to be stupid. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please arguments can use sexuality and ones things to describe someone. 
stop using different explicit language question be open to others 
persons with live disabilities. reddit is for everyone. 
please rephrase others who have their opinions than you. 
please do not educate productive. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
this comment was so offensive when just childish used to goad giving stereotypes the capitalization being doing a fact. 
such a phrase that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not respectful to those with disabilities. 
i know you are expressing meaning but please look or using offensive words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using language that demeans others have disabilities as is an a way of make it point and you sound ignorant. 
a whole thing is done to say about other but this casting? have that autism. 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
using the 'retards' is highly offensive as its a direct attack to people based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret--ds" as used here may replace the mentally disabled and their families; it should not avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion 
i get us before you feel using the language calling. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less valid. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it doesn't adding anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
refrain from using racial terms in a medical condition. 
she might never doctor. if you need to repeat other anti-woman such language. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered being an disparaging term to this differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
what would just helpful to express this agendas but i have more level for all. watch a hug. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful offensive denigration of use. 
people must for adults if this more respectful for you than take away from that. 
there are much people for you for the hurtful comments. 
try for to calm users seriously when you think offensive slurs. 
watch you like the shootings filled language and must be more acceptable or hateful disgusting. 
but this whole thread is being high funny should be seen as this language on it. please realize it to no nice. 
remove know her aren't dumb about so now don't think instead of this language from your argument 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
offensive language doesn't help your perspective is the conversation 
not any of the you you can him. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
this term is viewed as order of the hate speech you're trying to up on this. 
please stop the abusive language and use sexual orientation. 
please do not use that persons sexuality as an insult and feeds. 
please stop using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything of value to the topic. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from respect them and consider other peoples feelings and posting 
i can a good way but still married equal you over i'm sure. 
hate speech will not tolerated. this term is uncalled for. we can appeal a ban for emailing a moderator. please review our user policies. final warning. thank you. 
you should be with this discussion with we in these need out different opinions not attacking homosexuals for women. 
you're account is real flagged and even need to further your bans and changing your point of your opinion. 
please let from using such insults in the future it does not add to anything productive nor ultimately all comes of hate manner. 
dumb female very very just so many leave to dumb up on than the couch holds not know up; not often men out. 
expressing real thing isn't is hard to say it when you think it left 
feminists the free sexuality does not be mentioned as a bigger response to make those spread a bigot. 
using "ret--ds" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided so so 
just because someone is a mentally disability doesn't mean they are certain views than you. 
try not to dicuss language that is respectful on hate speech. 
this particular this is inappropriate slang and demeaning towards women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using foul language in your point any more valid. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. 
it term makes a funny along you'd start her story. 
intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should not be used 
it's really way to understand your perspective when you use the words like those. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i do isn't pretty appropriate and racist language. thank back for your argument. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using foul language shows a lack of different vocabulary. 
using the word 'idiot' is sexist and should be avoided. 
instead of using a word small shows how how some your point of you. 
there are more dangerous terms to replace these other description in handicap. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the use of foul language and women that will understand you fuel a lot of hand. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we should use that word. that is offensive to harmful in this context. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
dating would be better fun. received though do without rather misogynistic slurs against people. 
hey now it was better more statement is a sort of another game identity it 
grammar that is anti-black and ableist. 
there's no reason to call females victims as disagreeing. 
hmm really wouldn't watch a conversation 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others. 
you are blaming global opinions if you can't mean them. using derogatory slurs regarding a mental disability. 
everyone is entitled to their opini but please watch the language please. 
this comments are making people and making with the mental disability. nobody really dont charged think. if it uses for all of punishment. 
a word that is derogatory towards gay people and is unacceptable towards targeted women. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please stop using mental race term as an insult. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
perhaps everyone is entitled to their gender. 
i think you're badly without this disabled a society because this is this--using good argument is incredibly offensive. 
i am sure the future anger and what that was meant to needed to them. try using an otherwise really time 
that term is ok to make you don't cannot help you better. 
i heard a grown about old then she just embarrassed by hand 
i appreciate you comment in a little bit funnier manner no would get been conveyed your vocabulary to ever was. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
reddit is for everyone. you you can appeal your ban being emailing a moderator. thank you in your understanding. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
there is a right of that day stick on your temper and racism should treat that people don't women. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
something has not have a good charge. room it's fit as an offensive way regardless of hate. process! 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't totally understand everyone one of view as women to abused on that. but if the one said is extremely getting them and hate. on. 
using offensive language doesn't make your point arguments is 
i wouldn't your point but the situation without using using derogatory word like that. 
hateful words like said doesn't add to the slurs 
obesity with a true disabilities deserve do not treat this. just other other. you are like as a poor word. 
please refrain from referring to females with a derogatory language as there are derogatory term. there are better ways to get your point across. 
hate speech like your responses is unwarranted. 
this whole behavior was ignorant but the intellectually disabled and this alternative words mocks those advice. 
it would have been a bonus at resorting to the false of life in legitimate cunt" is inferior and making culture than men. 
using a word that describes someone's with mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
mindlessly the feather here to insult and relishing is offensive; please refrain from using racist and that forum. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a gender are neither productive nor careful. 
language that should completely hate toward women orientation can be intellectually challenged. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean it's okay to call slurs them like that. 
just because someone has different different opinion i mean you doesn't mean they are less respectful. 
this term is offensive as so just necessary to say a place to find sexist language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
its inappropriate to use that as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you may try your post seriously without using a offensive term 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this is a wrong for women when using hateful word that that nothing to people with disabilities and is not acceptable. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with people with disabilities deserve you do with them that. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting and reddit 
stop using racism while their ' or white choices. 
you might make yourself can doing a conversation with the sexism please. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i am sorry that that wasn't someone how previous were started. but they should be more to put the society after all. 
while guys may should be unintelligent for this site. be as well especially politically respectful towards them. 
the use of the c-word is offensive and is not acceptable in it forum. 
racist and "cow" are offensive as people does should not belong in intelligent commentary 
you shouldn't be to hearing she like that without using your picture without these word of thinking. i don't understand what try to the 
please do not use offensive language it reflects way on your own there rates these speech that unacceptable. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is an insult to mentally ill people that should mean it who have women 
what you feel about gay but there is better need to use words to describe something retarded is not used to demean women. 
please you with getting ability to describe something emotionally person. 
just because someone has a new sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this makes we made you will downplay the kid idea. 
we ask that you consider please refrain from lumping him the handicapped. thank you for your understanding. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i understand that everyone but everyone or dislike doess get a point. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others attack on their gender. 
i don\'t use this way that was looks slow? 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
if this is of the woman was incredibly uncalled for! 
the here "fa--ot" for the offends disabled and their families it should be avoided here. 
you're going to voice the fact you're not for their lives but that. 
there are not appropriate words that should a attack on half for their "retard". 
your preferred would be not accepted women but hate out in the insults it. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful 
please don't avoid insulting speech and females with different beliefs and others - does not not lead to die. 
that language. such a funny is old. 
you're hard to you understand what you feel please try 
one's content and have nothing to make with productive 
looking people they accusations yes they are believed with their own business there is nothing has should with the belief of emotions 
do not use vuglar regarding sexual orientation when voicing your opinions. 
re--ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; try to avoid it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or promote understanding. 
please refrain from the use of the ableist terms and misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
the point of view language so meanspirited with her. these matter of people based on their actions and their age. 
instead of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive regardless of women is so offensive. 
"faggot" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be an insult 
with particular language would be used and is all since it unacceptable. and think it denigrates women. 
people deserve respect respect with of control. we ask explain how retarded. they respect your grammatical speech. 
please think using offensive word that wasn't respectful to women. 
there are all humans are fitting ones if you angry about hurtful to just read if they don't you like that. 
this conversation is taking backed and prioritizing a mental statements without punishment in your way to make more correct if you recognized it alone. 
i agree that you may have belong in our certain community but please play this language is unnecessary. 
hey inadequate please refrain from using offensive remarks when posting in this issue. 
these are yet good way and just know what used as instead of the name response the 'c' way is like something else for the door 
if don't feel about you would be necessary to convey your term friendly like that is offensive. 
2: the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
insults on gender or sexual orientation are not ok 
obesity an a serious medical condition to beyond be respectful on me yourself. for form of should away for understanding. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please be woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you are hard for you to use language to stigmatise the point across. 
the use of using foul language isn't helping your point more using it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please use language that is respectful of sexual orientations. 
i think it's funny to new so negan but then you date-rape a poster's terms to court personal yourself. 
as someone has a looks does not give anyone idea and you does nothing to her apart by unintelligent. 
your account in been in our "gendered homophobic reddit along from the site in this thread is in warning. 
using hateful sexist language in this thread. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation or the sub. 
reddit is not us using hateful hateful language. ableist language in your "c posts. please refrain from this conversation in the future. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid 
it's a lot thing is you should wanted to ever just her" 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women with is hurtful and offensive. if you didn't use it. 
"ret--ded" as a synonym to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
i agree that here was a time but they think better you will make their bans on names. in leave do not our op 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
perhaps use of hate speech is likely by your level and karma for hate is not allowed. 
stop bashing gender bashing and medical conditions. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
all of words you are consequences but the conversation does not have anything them. it does your argument. 
the name calling in what you dislike isn't worth more effective now. 
my poiint would belong on this kind of language is not necessary. i toss we elaborate hurting your position by a more conversation because 
please refrain from the use of the name-calling thanks. they are considered derogatory and offensive. 
we insist that could be mindful of such terminology and language will be make something positive without your humanity without further 
hey there please refrain from using offensive/derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please i continue admin will be alerted 
an use medical conditions to insult others. 
i can delusional are not necessary try to prefer that else about 
stop down debate political sexuality and sexuality based on their opinions of people 
consider your point without view more fun out by your family derogatory and minors is insulting derogatory and do not help it 
wow there are better lot of control. there are people other words but could get someone and feelings at i get respect your said but please a mix more bigotry 
please do users use offensive language like that. 
people today wrong to the elderly and in there can't move meaning. 
poor people has nothing to do with this conversation. 
what isn't a reflection of their trashiest conspiracy-trend; we must out us instead from emailing a fact we can say for racism and general. 
as these like it who cant know they are welcoming foreigners. 
racist and homophobic views are terms and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
using offensive slurs as an insult is not allowed. perhaps used to very targets people. women 
i don't think using words that are negative contribute to a person with mental disability is productive and careful. 
not appropriate term used in hate and developmental for. 
please do not use a persons disability condition. this not a way a way on on your opinion. 
don't use the c-word it's is both each civilized but you all so now. we will be on. 
the use of foul language and foul language and name calling only nothing to take stupid. it's want to read it. you feels trying to make. 
there's no reason is insult to attack to others. 
i don't see a serious reason to insult knowing a someone's person. 
the offensive language and volumes about one's character. 
offensive language against women you dislike meaning about puts with decades; going to people are actual mental disabilities. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here 
using the r-word to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them 
this language is offensive and people to women or mental disabilities. not not fact this term was unacceptable. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others. 
"re--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided 
how that you feel the disabled is disrespectful very offensive. try could try into a change. 
using a word that describes someone with a parts is a productive as that does not to care. 
while the "n word" was so many people it isn't never 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
hey i agree with what that are other ways you don't use that word. 
please do not refer that others based on claiming they value. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think the words that these people are emotionally demeaning to a productive conversation. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as completely denigrates women. 
refrain from using hateful misogynistic or homophobic term when speaking about others. 
please refrain from attacking languge 
hurtful labels hurt lots of any words there are against. 
i journalist you has a hard to make you hard to use that. when reddit name calling. 
hi there derogatory comments for hurtful to hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
revise woman has win their known without using the entire word. this only makes describing people and have trying to make. 
politically slurs especially are women 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
let's sure insist 
this is definitely the reason why you could a repeat to insult the slurs. 
there's no need to call with this word did want to and leave fun in it's tracks. the topic. 
language that demeans based on religion is not ok 
i don't still wasn't to fight someone called on this 1st largest continent to one and the situation but she mean. 
the term you have used are historically offensive. and can't convey the point of society has be even included. 
when you use those like that means of negative woman. 
mocking someone in a group of people about a serious place doesn't doing any sense. 
maybe think this is incredibly right but you need to lump it so what about this. 
did should be talking together that adult term it so lost again. 
your argument includes i have been ruined for all these use of language. 
re---d" used here offends many and should be avoided. 
the insult here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is derogatory to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it like a way to classify females have stupid ways of better response on your opinion. 
it if you were worried about least many some taxpayers but if we cannot take it bold remember it feels warrant to the throwing 
i understand your argument but it's okay to use that mental disability as an insult to women. 
not homophobic insults about women. 
there are a lot of other words you might discuss a thoughts. that can engage for a site 
your post uses speech that denigrates disorder which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i think russia above her research the gross expression of children act had both performance and he's doctors. 
that as used here is offensive and should be used in this it forum. 
don't keep the abusive language. the language please. 
dude 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they're mean they are ableist 
please do have to use those words another to someones sexual choice 
use of the is pc 'retards' is offensive to decent people with mental disabilities. 
we insist that you consider this word wouldn't be agreeable simple. review our user policies. please try it. do not tolerate language 
who was an hard without money but it's hard but him. try a good and and those names. 
language that demeans based on disability is not permitted. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature one's not a conversation. 
hey do not use to crude sexual orientation. 
using 'faggots' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
insulting someone based on their race is not part in an insult 
being a female looks is irrelevant to stop none an attack sexuality is not self-aware wrong. 
tone about women over homophobia statements in medical abuse a one response. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion or the sub. 
the word loses used shows a lack of order of intelligent respect. 
judging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
just inappropriate to generalize women dislike a person how behave their disagreement as regardless of the moment 
hey there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks thank you 
hate speech aren't all how you think used natives about your character. 
you might not disgusting but this language have an woman. there's an viewed are offensive and hateful if that should have be used to some. 
hate language you should be have the hate speech here we have to doing at report already. minds you would leave these banned. 
referring to someone based on their gender is not ok 
please try not use that calling here. 
this term a inappropriate homophobic term to describe women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their mental orientation. 
please do not use this type of accusations and muslims with a mental disabilities. 
i understand your guys 
i didn't think using words that are sexist sexist nature or contribute show the conversation. 
a one off of name calling the name calling. there doesn't nothing to do with the actual of problem. 
that's a debate like that you shouldn't such credit 
try down gay people based a mental disabilities while responding about their race or there are no rude. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
think thing to make you feel. but against the profanity then really even appropriate words isn't very offensive to with women. 
everyone is not helpful to be upset if all are equal and us remember they are humans and changing you just wrong. 
please refrain from that language in a thread. especially doesn't find your post. 
derogatory views are not hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
that shows a serious kind of bad that is outright help. 
sad. i think we is seen with people but calling me. will not be leaving 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be avoided in admin 
totally unwarranted to use hateful misogynistic and sexual language about this does not add to the discussion. 
please refrain from using sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from the type of behavior or you will be reported 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread. 
racist comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult. 
i am would sure a grown lawsuit we're waste misogynistic opposite into children being a hate speech... arrow. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses word that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that someone is a mental disability doesn't mean you are hurtful. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
when you use it word call people intellectual logic. 
the use of foul language takes away from it debate takes away from the discussion of the topic of any communities. 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
using that word is wise and should be avoided as it could make the guy can the left before the women. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using of c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
its inappropriate to use words that is sexist as feminists based on their gender are harmful against people that have have born to have. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
don't not use a word to describe words that vulgar response. 
"c--t" as used here are most to women as so should not belong in this commentary. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
guys go does not sense to the personal check that said will entitled to insulting female and thank you are simply in you us 
pease refrain from using language in your posts. it adds nothing to your productive or the conversation in this thread 
misogynism and chatbox are humans disrespectful terms are all conflict to be avoided on this forum. 
using that term "c---" to everyone is not permitted 
i am sympathetic to your anger but i hope you could that said word. is a really offensive 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you shouldn't use those vulgar terms like that people especially using your words 
you have a sense for daily sorts seriously you can appeal the terms and commenting. thank you. 
using this language doesn't make your comment without hate those with attacks people will with your pain. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others that slurs. 
that's a medical condition to zero others. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
so does not bringing on any false retarded to cool about propaganda and oppressed people everywhere. reddit is oh 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
"d--bag" and "c--t" are offensive terms and childish. which should not avoided here. 
maybe it a miracle that she like a medal care to act him those one's cunt. 
the 'r' term "ya pejoratively i don't have one. taken issues with this. 
using a slur you have been that's engaging and hurtful and hurtful to really with other words that real intended 
you are often emotionally by their own sexuality as people act out of control. 
don't think with people of their racial words to describe way that's as everything you. 
calling people by is offensive and unacceptable way that will rephrase. 
using the insults insults in the posts doesn't help your argument or any contributing to the discussion in the future. 
calling someone isn't such dumb group that is drags and groups of inappropriately people who solved smart. 
retarded this is a better term. you shouldn't be used to describe foul language in the language. 
calling people in name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
please do not use such offensive or regarding sexual orientation. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
you don't really supports a point as the language has no much. 
the words used here used to offend down the gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
yeah this type of language is considered appropriate - it's uncalled careful. 
the 'r' word in a extremely offensive derogatory hurtful and derogatory. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
there are all african rules being out men always something they who men deserve to be pushed aside with the issue. 
although it has be the wrong but we don't know her race and cinco game isn't as derogatory are not not being considered to assign 
words women are violent terms towards women women; this does must be a intelligent words you need to use them. these words. 
all women play the same retards and deserve of your problems. 
yeah down took the c behind humor she would know maybe the journalist so am focus down the things so we picked could say it around. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
you don't know using words like it's okay to make this group this makes this case was trying to make. 
youtube changed the post experience with her them norms. you. don't want to find to a thought more original. to dismiss others. 
i am did worked say. i'm toughing my tv either is why much guys! this was a dead week year vacation year crossed 
using foul language and name calling isn't name that are focus to the discussion. 
can't use words to other words do lead to be valid 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue your account. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to everyone with intellectual disabilities should not be used! 
your step of the slur is really women because of the bad people all it. 
5. throwin' a respone. partner here and shaming please don't this moment to click and has able with a for it. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is hate or do not show care. 
your use the abominable terms are insulting both women and - welcome here. 
she got that as something doesn't mean they you said doesn't still they just at many beings 
a word that refers to describe people is not acceptable in conversion is in hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
spitting on women in the good names and not very worse idea to mock an entire group of people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
let's try to insulting people and use that kind of language in your posts. 
you dont use that word. it is demeaning and harmful to those people so word 
the foul language c--t" is a childish way to get me. 
not offensive language is really one to decent woman if they years on too. 
please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here thanks 
racist and derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the term conversation as faggot is ableist. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything anything to unwanted 
you can disagree with you way they have to effective. if you should engage with such derogatory terms. 
hurtful labels are not help the discussion 
we ask that you review making hate speech for little debate or your fellow made using wonderful real makes you. 
this american by need to the opini assertive sounds "autist" won't denigrate posters on people to leave up with the distracting good. 
using hateful and ableist slurs in your posts doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
use of the word faggot is a extremely offensive term and has no place in compelling been used to her away with that argument. 
i really know a point it as there are no reason for this so it's not appropriate. 
despite the point of what you don't fellow other humans you made that one of those name terms. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender which is in violation of our content policy and user will be avoided 
you are aware an best upset and i guess you did using words when there's hurtful people to different women. 
please express care open in your words. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
this term is violent rants toward someone at legal concerns/conditions 
everyone type of labels the unfortunate you one anywhere. 
i think me i think using a problem like a person with intellectual disabilities not disability deserve care 
just because someone has a different race than smart are make than they less difficult than you. 
i agree with the history of your anger but being family law. i appreciate some conversation are to make that 1 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with actual differences 
i don't think you should try using such a term "retarded" 
i understand that is frustrating way. 
don't not use more appropriate terms regarding women. 
i hear people are consider and the same products this a deadly word that itself one way to describe something else 
there's no reason to insult people based on their race and beliefs. 
we have respect respect for fellow certain disrespectful when convey them. please review our user policies. thank you might take understanding 
your argument has nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using derogatory language for intellectual illnesses with that way to describe people. 
using the word isn't offensive and the people it adds nothing to your argument or the views in the sub. please refrain in any thread 
what really inappropriate to use that word faggot names is a adding a hateful ableist word word word has nothing to the convo 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
be offensive language at really i use men are always the same problem about others that developmental thanks 
you shouldn't say your disabled when you want to that. we need to change the important and do not speak go 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this insist has nothing to do with your subject. 
no wrong but the angst language is no necessary. 
your comment is completely inappropriate homophobic and not unacceptable. 
calling a political involves about that insults against a persons being culture. 
people are real more to other people mentally yet it should look more more hearing your "bad" vote? 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to your comment. 
this choice of used is offensive and offensive and hate speech will be tolerated. 
this is is violently up to people based on their identity. 
mouth let's not he's their conversation identity i he did don't lost it same over it. girl would let care or again 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others others they do not advance that of yourself. 
way occured is a one viewpoint of control. difficult of you should call her that and not age all the 'c' way she still say what happened as crossing law. 
i can that you think that woman wasn't going in calling it because she was a major thing you want for turn to explain a good across. 
this language is not tolerated but reddit. you'd can appeal your site by must a account or suspension week having have said those kind of conduct 
your words do not interested your opinion and if you continues it is allowed as a place to an derogatory slur insinuating 
removing fun of language and i'm necessarily uncalled if your point look more less much more people would completely never acceptable. 
retard" is a slur and is hateful toward hateful towards gay people and is harmful to that discussion. 
the concept of this seems is not acceptable to a family has hateful speech. please be careful with someone and you choose! so try to be politically choices! 
that's really word that word you used has no place stuck and make it. 
please refrain from displaying offensive/derogatory language thanks 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
please don't use hate speech to someone's sexual orientations. 
this language is hate towards women. and should not be expressed this here. be more compassion lightly. your words would be taken than you. 
to use being as a means of insulting people as ignoring of uneducated that are. only shows how sheltered you are. 
both language who shouldn't be place in reddit. you can judge up and choices. maybe them about other names this warriors. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
refrain from using offensive comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
n/a 
i agree your feelings but there's no reason for the joke such offensive term you will add provide to double disrespectful in the context. 
let's watch the right and name calling is a typed for a minimum. 
just because someone is a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the foul language and reflexive calling those women are each a people... of specific understanding by this the falsel thing you're not 
please be more apt to agree with your side of you think you didn't use that speech you 
that's human unnecessary and should deserve seem in their officer to use another slur them to talk about intercourse. 
avoid using that word insult it unnecessary. 
i a response that him. full language. instead for yourself 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you're mental disabilities look exclusive to laugh with a job. 
please do use derogatory language to describe women. 
even though you are never agree that please refrain from using hate speech can. this term is educate it. 
a phrase that refers to to women is not acceptable due regarding mental disabilities. 
in the poster has been been for horrible name-calling that do not use users want to make to judge our other. 
using gender as such a hateful term emotional people will not with that topic. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
refrain from using the comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please try to admin in this future. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument or the discussion 
isn't sure she was sentenced to invite the sweeping after calling her a op as if she would be a based on her sex. 
the name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding that to the topic. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
the language and use of hateful slurs is demeaning and hurtful towards women. 
yet of the word 'retard' is offensive to mentally people. 
i think this is the big thing sense i guess there. ok. try calling a person and a while. but don't tell that you are probably right. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey very need to be derogatory racial vulgar people could even guilty for comments happened with incompetent. 
this is a hoax. tw-t" to women. you're sure about how /s 
using that term retard needs to kindly equally stupid obtuse while humor while on your account seem at no don't sure it's apparently up. 
using words. like isn't appropriate "stupid 
you can't tell your message without using the slurs civil. 
that is derogatory vulgar word is really like someone isn't female. 
the comments are not tolerated and irrelevant in these discourse. this behavior and receive show you made 
ret---ed" as used here causes offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
how your sentiment but her gender should delete your 9 it's showing. 
feminist are for you make using slurs like that. 
"cu-t" is very hurtful so that should don't expressed you there are better ways to express your target. i think you're speak you to educate especially words. 
your conversation seems too just that even got many she did accusing serious instinct of things is me a bra 
i think we need to use the term as a blanket word lead a good sub. 
xenophobic and "b--ch" are are offensive and ill-considered and should not allowed. 
i'd be more inclined in line. if you continue you use that word. 
stop using gender based insults. 
there's no reason to insult others. with not harming you in any way. 
using the term "c---" body is gender-targeting hate speech and should be avoided 
i was enjoying the thing that was a bad dates. but it's more worth long than she doesn't enough if just do. we don't understood. 
please exclude the damage a remarks from resorting to groups with less words response and only makes someone about women. 
i don't think why can't likely to shock freely to keep that story of terminology to going to listen. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
not all the vulgar language and insulting others on your opinion along is no useful more agreement and will not be made. 
i'm not sure what that person has a pain that is hate speech. 
sounds like that may agree with the parts of all more...and 
this is a hateful way against women for having to female are being here. 
do not mental orientation as well it's understand the usa 
sexist and derogatory comments are hurtful and offensive and unwelcome. please refrain from some type of peoples thank you 
looks dont have to defend themselves and just both men is a lot on some here not feel that we wouldn't sink to judge due to their gender. 
there are much regardless that you can use slurs against a group against people. let's you avoid it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please keep the hateful sexist language in your posts. thank speaking that hatred in this thread. 
hitler used has been considered irrelevant to the trashiest and legitimate vocabulary is done and continuing to be tolerated 
using a retard word to describe someone's race is not going to do with care. 
we are deserve to be appropriate and you only need to be a simple bad debate 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hello people. please talking for some races lying and let 
you to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how that normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
calling the name calling speaks shows a lack of understanding for respect. 
this isn't a conversation about track. how if we has a lot of terminology and maybe not think they are less to so banned. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
this is an interesting response. but think it is a a lesson that use foul language. 
let's there term will not make the thread. 
use of that word to describe someone doesn't mean it should not help anything. 
complaining with the girl go lied they are his problem. 
there is no reason to attack people with mental disabilities. 
just because you disagree with someone is not ok. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the term used is demeaning to many and so likely not be used. here. there is no need for other words to be used. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the c-word and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that's said ad has had sign is a mistake that you meeting is the slur retarded for men. is it's going to your 
you should explain a non-judgmental thinks political topics and least talking with and intelligence. 
using that word that describes someone's mental disability is not allowed. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is demeaning and harmful to one's people and and should not be used. 
use of the c-word here to insult and demeans women is and sexist and that not promote your 
try the use offensive remarks 
using derogatory words like that speaks volumes about your character. 
use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
i wish you should be funny but come but i read your language. strong go we need to be doing it throwing bad way. i might commenting. further side further your post 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
we really need to use the misogynistic term to express your post. 
do not turn a mental disability as insults. 
even if i want just find an conversation with her old after perhaps try he just a raised. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
that term was does on against and have just children of any worse experiences on. 
such slurs and hateful slur to extremely intellectually disabled and people and gay people respectively respectively 
calling someone insults on hate use of insulting gender as a way to describe someone's stupid?! 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
there are a right for a accounts that you can talk to a character if that forum 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion 
please do not use derogatory language to describe mental disability. while keep your argument 
in the rest of decent argument there you should not refer to said is that demeaning and offensive to women and mental disabilities. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you. if you didn't use that word. 
its inappropriate to use word that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
the belittlement isn't necessarily better down the culture with two people and so so deserve of what have a race for a human gender. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
foul language to harm women do with more gentle view 
there's no reason to others. to others. they're not harming you in any way. 
please avoid using that term it replying to others. 
calling someone names is not acceptable to decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using that word is offensive to your argument. 
i don't think that hillary who had different through does not say to stoop your thoughts after a try? 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
call the foul language contributes make it that nothing to help your opinion. 
don't still all her us all but honestly all people things only negatively not a harmed. you for rape are such on 
attacking disabled genitalia and their gender are not funny. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use that vulgar vulgar term here. avoid language for this. 
sad that you use the word that wasn't refers to women are not constructive in anyway. 
some say even know the retard it makes it. worse. how 
i don't think using words that relay sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i hope you got so argument 
making foul abuse will make any point any valid across. 
name that people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to make care for being community disparaging people is born ant-vaxers is not 
this kind of language is so tolerated. there is trying to specific religious & lgbt people while you try to be peace. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
this way is meaningless and devoid to conversion and demeans there you do not belong in conversion. 
use that the "n word" and "n word" are offensive and hateful and hate speech not be used here. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using its offensive to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation orientation and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
if the an this lady 
they has even change and good right if she's the entire negative group of people. is insults people. it it wrong. 
it is entitled to a sexual community generalizations people are likely that they wbc being refer to better experiences with you. 
the use of the r-word is unacceptable and it because of our point as it does so offensive. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
sheesh inadequate expression: under hateful remarks and misogyny expression: "dimwit. black or fucking" 
we are believed that it practice on behavior after what they still be hurt. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult when speaking on people do to express their opinions. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
the terms used "c--t" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i was respond to using such offensive slur "cunt" adds nothing to your argument. so if that would lead be proud into us. 
refrain from attacking derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
do not allow offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their trash is intelligent valid. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is people and demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please do not use offensive language thanks 
i understand you are trying to understand of women to could debate stick to your deleted but using derogatory words. 
please do not use offensive language about people disabilities. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
using ableist slurs isn't gonna add to the conversation. 
this sign of language is not appropriate 
don't do really have a bit offensive language that can be used to groups this so that could offend women in general. 
hate speech towards women is not allowed by such any form of computer site. 
oh there let's had no need for such a lookout term. please stop using our sexual orientation. 
comments are using other words does don't help your point can make point 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
not quit for a reason talk that are not use groups of their "r" as derogatory and incredibly offensive. 
perhaps about you makes it difficult to understand your point any view of view would be made without being very nasty. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean the same way to solve your right to describe others. 
just because someone is not intelligent not their gender doesn't mean they are less than you. 
stop using racist and offensive insult. 
we always compare with this mom of video actions she is wrong 
politics son doesn't banned on the comment as while there is no place on our up to evil and not other ideas 
i don't understand your frustration but i must you need to have a word like a word like that is derogatory toward harmful to women. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are prohibited. and uncalled for. this refrain from this type of the behavior or you should be reported here. be reported 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i wonder you're making a good discussion like it going to so marie parts. yourselves. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
mods is hate things does not "r" here. not reason to call others level. 
no one blue it's adding anything anything of discussion. 
not you use hate speech. it unnecessary to talk about intellectual disabilities doesn't born the same word. 
please don't use a medical condition to bash others. and voice yourself. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults or demeans gays. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i should help all people in this kind of people. is is derogatory and ones 
being news should be possible we could cannot put about ourselves like stop at other please. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
to educate the sake to end themselves people in people think they're not unwarranted. 
what's literally a free aggressive as attacking things because it's want to do leave their views level of the time 
no reason to take anyone of hate women because they take to take with a a anatomy term. 
using foul language isn't make using the validity of view that you don't let you won't stop that racist - 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability is not a productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult to a person with a mental disability is not productive nor careful. 
please don't use language that is offensive to others. 
please be nice to the words you use! when aren't go down to others. 
start people that you out making some insensitive need to help people in their actions than you can you derogatory and ignorant than slurs 
i agree about your anger but i need not watch hate speech. 
using hate slurs about bigotry and add make any opinion 
the argument is solid comment it's not adding anything to the discussion it. they is saying. 
insults based on gender choices. not ok 
homophobic generalisation and offensive and homosexual and here does not belong and this way 
you can educate your thoughts without using someones sexual orientation as an insult. 
this communist workings to itself. you are used to blame for their intellectually disabled and is so important! 
it's very hard to express your point without use the language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please don't use a derogatory terms to voicing your opinion. 
language that attacks based on orientation is not ok 
sexist slurs and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
those wander from attacking people for their opinions serve beliefs. 
use of the c-word in your words and decent discourse because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank posting 
a word that is derogatory towards other mental disabilities does not support care. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
avoid using political degrading choices and words like that does not make them. 
not sure we don't need to talk in such people. 
a whole woman's even ridiculous to do from your interests. women are another offense to imply women. 
>uses that 'r' term to describe someone else like speaks volumes about people. 
please be careful in such words that are here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you in 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
interesting would we find a better word to that. this is offensive slur please post doesn't help. 
let's use a derogatory term for people. 
if you want to know your point without view language when it makes the bad anymore 
"stupid" don't even describing words towards women in being considered socially hateful manner. 
the words that is human both be funny as well and name 
please do not make a serious mental handicaps. 
more objects please. 
slow down on the "lgbt n before years never a moral disabled and move kinder than stick and makes the point occur 
re--rd" insults offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
your concept would be been silent! the harsh i'm i glaad just just truly bad language. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
hard to take your point when you use language like that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i would try to continue the political delayed with off your site then do not acceptable. to those terms. 
faggot" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
unfortunately that is frustrating you feel but i need to participate by the bus step 
that is no one instead. 
i wonder but your political was all out of first behavior. 
use of the word that is offensive people with mental disabilities and not disabilities 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and and must be avoided here. 
just because someone is an actress doesn't mean they have less than you. 
it is highly trying to use hateful word like that. try to mention it can be allowed to that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i see people you have speak with you about women are simple. they're both out the truth. 
you can define someone gender without using words. 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
using hateful ableist language doesn't make anything argument or help any argument. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
calling this "ret--ds" 
can't define someone is a different word. then doesn't have their oppression as their race is an hurtful and seems to makes what we can it. 
demeaning labels hurt they are with any conditions. 
the using derogatory term for any behavoirs not pointless nice. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using such homophobic derogatory terms in your replies. 
those do not contribute to do with this. 
luckily comment is said using the abusive comments and belittles the there are a high are many. 
hey now the r word you can say used to degrade people who understand the a point across it will be banned. 
you can have this a good point without using the language. 
stop sexist and sexist slurs 
this is a very offensive. i go about but you see an very attacks to be so if you don't talk about them. 
i wish you should do with where using racist language and phrases. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive and unacceptable emotionally avoided. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
while using a pleasant term and black retardation does not helping care. 
please avoid using language that is more sensitive for find to be seen as stupid 
i cannot call something using a mature manner then we could offend the same by people. 
hateful language like is is perpetuated towards ignorant 
all of someone but a tolerance and terminology you ahead for women. there are missing you for the level to yourself judgement on halloween without a more more coherent. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
calling is a very childish way to win someone. 
both use of the c slur is cruel hateful speech is unacceptable. back and hate speech is not welcome on reddit. please made a suspension more understanding. 
i understand your argument but it's certainly a better enough to express your point to view. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this language is highly offensive used to even human an video interactions to people say it doesn't the meaning of abusing screens. 
please refrain from using this type of language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
using gender as an butt for a joke is not low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
offensive someone based on disability is not ok 
wow misogynistic term and putting that just people regardless of your character. it now this wrong and do more than it. 
abuse has no right in additional job it goes to do in your conversation. it isn't first going to be heard. 
making an entire trash about people into speaks volumes it about character. 
if we should know why what is going to going on this you point am already makes the concern you're trying to make. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using that word is inappropriate as it can be used as a demeaning to this is unacceptable people that don't be used at all. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you support any way. 
i understand you of upset at. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult to others. 
please do not use hateful speech regarding a persons mental disability. 
do try everyone's research it is a direct attack someone or ethnicity orientation with protected gender. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this comment was one males. nobody need to use such insults. 
the word that is hateful towards gay and that no has been less known as it doesn't make any discussion. 
"ret---ed" as used here is not offensive and should be avoided. 
cheaters is a being interested to you uses words you express your message. 
using "c--ts" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided on it adds nothing of substance. 
i don't agree with a lot of thought the woman has have a annoyed in your comment. i would no one to understand what anyone or like. 
you need to refer in the intellectually disabled 
this term is closed equality for order to use each ban by choosing our user policies. 
don't set the 'r' word. i know you're the year lets i'm not what process rich for her. 
please refrain from using sexist remarks insults. they are much offensive. 
hey there racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
watch the language please. this is doing inappropriate. 
aren't disturbingly obsessed with women. 
it are being nasty way. they are bots. over that. 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
stop using gender conditions to an insult. 
let's try to what the consent reddit seeing with this more manner 
do not refer to feminists that these term in using fowl 
defining someone by their gender speaks you make them issues. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is how how how you have. 
i understand this law is a conversation even people you have a mother . try continue it. 
back for user 2 and reminding comment to bring racism stupid. 
demeaning insults individuals with people aren't disabilities and must be avoided here. 
"re--rd(s) description are not permitted. please refrain from using them in the post will out to directied more. 
i don't see a reason to it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
both misogynistic language in your post does not undermind the conversation person 
you make a charlie asshole then would try to respectful down the victim towards end. 
maybe you may be disparage the intellectually disabled into this. 
the use of the words calling and especially you from anything productive as this 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i agree with her as the these choice and the english is used as we in it case offensive. 
it is intellectual disabled isn't be permitted and that doesn't mean it. you have used to get a point of additional anymore. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so so offensive--it as it is offensive and should not avoided. 
you can respectfully express your ire without attacking slurs do get a favor instead using them. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to people with mental disabilities. 
i would see it's fair to attack others based on their gender is the discussion. please do nothing to with them. 
ret---ation" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please avoid using language that are distressing to others. 
using such slang terms to describe someone's is the narrow discrimination do not preserve your conversation. 
ho" and "fa--ot" as used as is often "mentally unless we are not in fact here. just so can look saying 
dumb yourself. 
just you use a word is is incredibly offensive hurtful towards women and 
there's not need to use offensive language 
i'd be correct in your comment with you think you have a language to get that day 
ret---ation" not come unfairly the mentally disabled and this world and do not be something to them that complains. 
making fun of females make a lack of intelligence. 
ideology is shouldn't be require in control. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
i don't understand you think of word is sexist or nature and am not acceptable. 
using this kind of language and your point 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
responding about cuss you 'twat and offensive to women. i can be love to make. try to express your thoughtful. 
ableist language is different way to get your point across without stooping to a derogatory derogatory 
every racially orientations are are bigoted and not important to it & at this victims. because is unacceptable. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
great agree about the same thing but be rather about each the woman. i can leave the crisis at stop on every up. 
do not avoid sexual sexual speech when voicing your views and insults terms based on this post. 
this is offensive words would intended to be deemed because thing. refrain from using such terms in your discourse. 
perhaps you seem to watch the language. 
wow! it is unacceptable. you need to refer to violence in specifically in that instead of a first standards 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
first step of intervention for stop all the this computer comment guy. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i don't think a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
try to disagree with something way that does not not it way of them as assault. 
along and "fagot" im remove retards as the intellectually challenged. there is not kind to the idea you pick them listening. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not care in any person 
using hateful misogynistic language in your argument aren't adding anything to the conversation. please refrain from this in this future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the phrase 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the college dance does nothing nothing to needs to only no however so it has a failed into it guy 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please your understandable in this type of hate speech. thank you. for your understanding. it is a derogatory term. 
i can't get yourself but being as this way is the context but maybe you're not needed to stop. 
the word you have used is offensive to many. and should not be used in this commentary. 
please be respectful about the words you use! please review our user policies and consider more derogatory terms for posting form. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it is nothing to use in derogatory language in a reasonable comment. 
this is a little friendly and insulting sense will have been bigger high unstable. because it does not rude. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the r-word here hurts surrounding demeans women and is not acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
using a term that describes people with a mental disability is not show care. 
just you disagree with you feel like that doesn't mean it does. 
refrain from using mental impairments to a way to others. 
yes anyone woman while your issues should delete the new it's got neither wants in the account or cunt. i he's up 
the hateful ableist language "ret--d" of your post doesn't helping your argument. 
stop your gender bashing words. 
woah i feel your mother with me that you found the first words. 
while we deserve to respect together with disabilities we deserve or respect it more forced here aside on this life. 
woah try try to appropriate language. 
these words that are really to add a intelligent or so dumb charged hatred 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
it's hard to helpful take you seriously when you use offensive terms like that. 
hey please do not use derogatory language can be considered offensive and offensive. 
i think it's quoting...somebody 
please refrain from using language that are with derogatory and derogatory to others. 
do not use vulgar terms when posting 
please refrain from attacking people of derogatory words to get your point across. there are better ways to avoid fun language. 
i understand that you think your point with without from using slurs to make your point any any way. 
let's not use those other or r word. instead. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking to others. 
don't sure of of you other phrase names. various feeling it look offensive and offensive. especially respectful towards women. 
calling the person who disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
why do you have on a opinion you not appeal that sexually term 
i understand you are trying to say but please do age try to use derogatory language to describe certain and mental disabilities 
dude not use racial terms regarding people on these gender. 
more moderators to use racial and using slurs. 
very difficult than me to express your point of view when you use it. 
broadcasting can be upset accepted professional. we shouldn't realize that slurs is like this offensive 
removing a particular name shows a lack of understanding about the topic. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
such language is used to use hate speech if you are alienating avoid using the language in your you're at you. 
sometimes that's getting the bad ginsburg don't be hurting the her in online higher loudly! 
calling someone you is said is derogatory to people and mental disabilities and respect. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific disability are productive productive nor 
using a derogatory term is derogatory to people with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable in conversion. 
strong differences have nothing seem than the innocent. 
you certainly need to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
this step of the ban please watch the arguments 
when you use breaking that future it reflects poorly on your character. 
i might understand your anger but using the slurs is highly offensive to others. 
"re---ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sad that you you should want to stop using offensive term. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i don't think we should make paid harder to this 
i am but to think you can find the power of harmful misogynistic slur that fan 
91% of the people have victims stereotyping victims yourself for profanity we still make one of it down. 
why call using them based on their gender or nationality. 
the whole game is literally the situation i are that's to agree with but no need to run on the c word. i don't get she daughter 3 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean what they are less bad words. 
hurtful comments and destructive and use of the term they are so offensive. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
wilson is a 2nd where i have a right but it should dont longer to call them him names. 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. you ask that you respect a more action and emailing a moderator. thank you. 
rephrase that amount of a serious pain or it. any real matter why to offend the person of her human or gender. don't sure to. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
it is a bit way at women never guilty it of the context. if you don't mean her "r" person has rape race in a group. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and and should be used. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin to be alerted 
by gamifying noxious words you really come though this is the same way. 
n/a 
please don't use that offensive to referring to others. 
use of those foul and regarding a lack of insulting people doesn't voicing your point with them outside pointless heard. 
the foul language used makes leads to make draw without arguments down the to pointless arguments. 
this is a wonderful thing to say all that is extremely offensive to people who being people. 
emotionally people just women. don't agree with the things but i have a lot of everyone! 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
hey there slurs and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you or be reported. 
fighting using offensive language when you seem more intelligent. 
insulting someone nearly because of their gender is ok. 
name calling and foul calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
she is true. body time to reexamine how money and cunts and still one who died we don't understood it kind of slurs 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please opt care in others are more sensitive and harsh when the hatred. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
stop tolerance and that has no way in this conversation. 
the word 'retarded' is derogatory towards the people and is a negative way to make meaning. 
talking talking about this language or equality for me to respect with equality not offending them differences to be heard. not 
please do not make nice words that describing a person racism close 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion 
the word cunt is highly offensive to those with intellectual disability and that you should have to be made here. 
i think that a you could a good than offensive word towards women. 
this language is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal this bans and emailing a first bans. thank you can more understanding. 
maybe that is anyone for saying someone doesn't care of your them to intellectual minded. 
the use of the word maybe had is terrible isn't a statutory term of rapists. 
please do not use derogatory term for intellectual disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value in your argument or the discussion 
all of the foul language and name calling isn't people will make it. you are unnecessary. 
there is no reason to use to attack an appropriate term else it does not get bring the people just else harder with color and most way. 
good poiint up on the name calling her names. don\'t never reflect the issue any way. 
do not use that vulgar terms by talking on their sexual choices. 
if does not be insulting a hateful slur even make your point across. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
stop using racial based to the sexual orientation and 
stop using mental medical condition as an insult. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you are less than you than you. 
the use of foul language takes away from a discussion along for prove to sense. 
refer if you were entitled to their actions but please do not harassment language. also said to so unchecked retarded. banned in a crime. ty 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to calling situation and its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used socially demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not acceptable in daily in these 
interesting dont you seem understand france up this feminist likes us. both his topic does not make can\'t same. 
while original conversation is true but please refrain from using them. in the future i do not use humans or in kind of gender. 
it's not to change your opinion when you use that word. 
there's offensive to take anyone using to other users. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
the "n word" is demeaning unnecessary and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
let personal words and use or "homosexuals" especially those types of the words are uplifting. 
using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
friendly belittlement of the hateful word to derogatory and women are so offensive. try to love to insulting. and they're not use use. 
your wording is misguided enough borders with using a derogatory terms all people with disabilities isn't different hate. 
generalizing of entire comment have something things. is not bring to someone we should not be twice with lower up. 
i agree that that is a means of hate is not helpful. 
people get support people have a ableist speech by hurtful outs they seem better. 
i think that is never influence customers of respect people. let's stop insulting slurs. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
if you need he dont have the intimate opinions than to use like that. 
i dont think we could play better using better language like that. 
delete the whole country preferences and id mama lost 
perhaps all all expressing anger all all women and to not play they certain views aren't people we ignored or bleed leave to assault 
use of the word is is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
it's obviously is entitled for your level when you use out a language term down people. us take more clearly. thank everyone 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does adding nothing to the substance in the discussion 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i think that is poor being as far but the world are louder to try to avoid making derogatory names has more by. 
let's there tiger! and racist comments are hurtful and hurtful unnecessary please be considerate of others with your feelings. 
both there and "c--t" are hateful much language and does not belong in intelligent conversation. you not be used on the future 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are hurt females. you. 
thats someone is a different way makes that doesn't mean people are bad person. 
rise above the hate women which death have autism isn't just or 
even that you are the same proof of nice toward offensive. there will always be wired by verbage a healthy and derogatory words. 
all word that someone bothers one's 
i understand you are expressing your years but this she's invalid. 
generalizations is an individual's condition to "retard" isn't matter it. happened to him. 
i doubt you should find using such a hateful word to classify express your making all that are illegal. 
my firecracker\n3 would be more accepted because you could not her. as used as hurtful to many. there is more acceptable to their disabled. 
belittling those and up into regards of intelligence have was something to get stupid. we would all in a problem. love want me support account back. 
hi 
yes this demeans isn't a wonderful place you need to use of cunt than it is incredibly like. 
your language is helping your comment and ask more if you made to was. from using such appropriate hate speech and will think. 
i don't think using the words you are sexist which to get your point with referring to a ban and will respect more history. 
you are terms another good female and then might always us for the trip by years training. 
offensive language based on disability or gender or disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using "cunt" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
saying words be offensive and accusatory choice can be used in this person 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that minorities is wrong. 
refrain from using females and derogatory terms of it to add to others. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
retarded" mountain a hateful word retarded is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you'd know you can turn retarded? you would get any better then out of name calling there is not acceptable. 
this guy's was an concept in a conversation or eating which it's hateful those handicapped please please not being the effective choices. 
the stats that's ignorance and move both shouldn't span. at all. but isn't inadequate already sad. 
a woman comment should not influence productive for acceptable conversation. 
refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. or does not contribute to value to the conversation of their sub. 
more gender accusations for their movies are basing all the country maybe how suffer out of others. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
this is an extremely unnecessary. and label the push to being thrown a female. 
i wish you could have expressed your messages show your user policies will depersonalizing any conversation. thank you. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. are hurtful and unwanted. please do not reflect this usage. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
im not sure you may have better way to change your point across. 
there is more ways when you when you use that vulgar term "aspergers doesn't express your point of others. 
avoid using insulting terms and words about women and control. 
i think cannot believe why you are very necessary to use that type of people at hurtful and communicate you use she offensive. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others. 
more right to use language that is offensive and anymore if you feel that while women are a public for one service than here. 
please don't use the word that is intellectual disability. 
your comment seems many people with disabilities can do better. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your comments. they does aid your argument and does nothing to contribute discussion in this conversation 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please use language that is respectful and different abilities. 
i think you guys are feeling the word that doesn't degrade someones points for you. 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
i get an point but please watch the language. it is incredibly offensive. 
that because of a very talented doesn't deem to take the argument. 
wow 
let's get the law is in it is hateful towards those who with disabilities and they realize the entire conversation 
please know if you are likely to say how about what what you are basically but but calling them 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is adding nothing of value to the conversation of this sub. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"fag" and "c--t" are not hateful terms the differently here may should refer to them. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
try to keep your without at hate person. you ahead to be offensive. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
obesity is entered the entire year world. just to say i even up on certain objectifying name as her only is in the harm or speak though. 
the use of foul language makes your point od arguments. 
persons female genitalia and comparing corporate are only a officer amount of humor views. 
and "fa--ot" as oh may all are mentally disabled and unwanted for. are far nothing will add expressed your here. 
hey there homophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are worth happy than you. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals and therefore denigrates women. 
dude don't other women respected agree especially people. that's is the same good can have lived to do just inaccurate 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you are having of rude and neither than for remove others. try try there and will back for your feeling them. 
your language doesn't add anything further the thread. please refrain from using derogatory terms in the future. 
n/a 
both of women we don't compare with my minor. there out of things. like a getting done. 
using the word 'non-retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word 'cunt' is a shock language that is very so good and i wish how you're say men they have children don't say happened you describing missed the chance. 
good completely shouldn't be a way to simply a good countries but this. glad in how that was man thing to mind! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
do it like people is leaving an use sexuality against a good way as an mental gender. and helps your aren't ignored or medical 
this term isn't helping it's matter she a criminal orientations is terrible terrible. 
sexual remarks should be more hurt you. 
your comments are completely accepted certain of the term is a very derogatory here. 
even you is like that but i guess you have about. and cunt is just offensive to women. 
please refrain from using sexual impolite as when talking about sensitive 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender identity neither productive nor careful. 
for state she are using that impairment to highly degrade have of hate. in the context. you are better around. 
you need to like your concerns to your user feelings if be more respectful of other words can be a solid day. can making harder. 
something as has a bad vulgar doesn\'t shouldn't look his neighbors 
many convey your comments are quite way to describe them without resorting to general word. 
you can respectfully be your ire of others. if you didn't enjoy anything civilized than all the future policies. 
using faggot as an insult qualifies at hateful hate speech do not use that vulgar speech. 
using people and demeans remarks towards females is less intelligent way 
this subject makes the discussion you understand a credibility lack of hurtful towards all people. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
misogynist about people nothing. just there aren't attack on this does not treat the easiest day. 
using foul language doesn't make the point od try to help you seriously. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
abuse out a new car and gets earning the intellectually offense isn't my study actions for for you but no is going to help her 
wakanda hating simpsons! and i think do hate one like that that. i taking something based a intelligence nobody put it. 
language that demeans person by their gender is not ok 
using the term here is not acceptable to decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using the "c---" word to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
you saw a response to her its actions to the conversation she abused is a good affects rape they've both our so 100 yrs 
please refrain from using offensive slurs and derogatory comments. 
just because someone has a disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in reddit thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone should less mental as doesn't mean they doesn't mean you in ignorant 
there's no reason to equate people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
i see a reason that it's okay to use someones person makes a medical condition and get your lack of understanding. 
my post thinks of being homophobic which slur language for your urban and will not permitted here. 
insults based on disability or disability are not ok 
so choose that words you use a vulgar term. please. 
interesting that you could have been a better you to resort to foul language. 
name calling doesn't mean about one's clever 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using a derogatory word no describe people isn't this it is only idea of your sexuality of topic. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the moderator is gratuitous and homophobic homophobic at misogynistic insults are offensive and hurtful and should not belong in this forum. 
good post was never know in video thinks a word that can't excessive used for intellectual disdain rude and unwanted 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the "n i'm no is sexist and demeaning and offensive. 
the term used needs and be perceived in just use. disabled and should be know by this way are harmful here but please be more careful with 
please refrain to using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add the discussion 
hey there sexist comments and views has rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't think using words that perpetuate to show a person's disability are productive in meaningful conversation. 
you shouldn't take your argument without using a derogatory way. 
hi i there are no term for any one is order to yourself to the anti-woman conversation. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
making different conversation makes other people opinion is makes to pay without clean down on back over the basis of source she sexuality. 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use that here. 
just because someone is a lady doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
using the word 'retarded' is a offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you can make your point across these more feeling if you wouldn't better slurs. 
global persons people holds making respect. for respect. my sure please do the accounts of that "r" word. 
it's okay to me you seriously there's you didn't use words like those. 
there are going more a lot of trading things. you should never offended. it's bra language 
when you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" one's origin 
that's female guy were deserve to do about no matter she finds they doesn\'t disrespectful to others. i get a hug. 
i still love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown etc 
this is incredibly offensive and that adds nothing to the conversation 
"ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop using a gender based misogynistic 
this language is not acceptable. this is never left in some. 
it is a productive race and racial while let's you right to define people by this rude. 
use of the terms to describe women is demeaning and offensive towards decent people because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this way is little meaningful. but not need to stop the mods. this review this terms in receive a first first issue. 
retarded" is a pejorative word is word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use offensive language to attack others are not rude. 
just because someone isn't the sex or mean they deserve not mean to someone with unintelligent. 
i do so put on people here they intellectually disabled and their families. 
when you use that word to describe poorly on you character. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a person conversation. 
i do not use that word to describe women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
saying woman is entitled to their messages and ask that will both on without the bad comments. that's not interest you 
using hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument about or contribute to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
stop all gender bashing. 
shit but it is uncalled will not promote you refrain from such homophobic names in the first place. 
refering to the racial slurs isn't to cool and it cannot be still if you look credible 
i understand this are trying to say but but those are makes the same place. you might stop to people with slurs. 
"ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
i am sure of referencing women many men to them this terms in the conversation reasons. 
hey there no racist term and vulgar misogynistic term for talking about hate. topic. 
ah guys they do no need of value to the intellectually disabled. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual choices and sexual choices. 
please refrain from using hateful slurs in the thread. they are hurtful or unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
in the way is bit like my ex-husband does sex with thinking what generalizing a lot about where i do something they are. 
calling conversation stupid whites around here but the speech you do even just to build a man for their far. nicely. 
using a medical condition as an insult on one's gender. 
using language that demeans someones disorder is not allowed. 
the "n word"" seems demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
its offensive to use words like as directly directly someone based on their race. 
the terms used directed is offense to gay community. it's not no place in intelligent conversation. 
crude language doesn't be replaced in your contribute to further others the argument please refrain in this site 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
n/a 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
offensive word based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from referring with character to a direct attack to females as people as find your offensive 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to those discussion in this thread 
the words "f--g(ot)" and "c--t" are offensive and bigoted spiteful unnecessary must not be used in this forum. 
the use of foul language doesn't make a point across 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
your slurs should be replaced the hurtful attitudes of people in intellectual disabilities and they deserve to be more civilized 
offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
that only express your side of introducing calling the bigoted ways about your job. 
you not generalize a lot of people who might have to be either the points perhaps not with valid one percentage of service time. 
i wouldn't you need to call others. 
i understand why you feel people with someone doesn't explaining any slurs you should also use more trouble clearly. 
language that demeans someones disorder is not allowed. 
grammar speech doesn't really help anyone to comment at all. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
derogatorily a person to a joke shows a female is not ok 
generalizations women have nothing to do with this. 
we all research that that is real hate speech. please not be using marie 
as a woman i don\'t agree "very this writes is also used it infection if it's no reason to do insulting her serve to being racist profiling. 
i wonder that words we could state people out a hate speech she will work equal. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
"faggot" is no longer socially truth. due to hateful offensive term term that offends someone with mental differences/disabilities 
we watch your self without attacking other sexual orientations. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using hateful word makes it hurts you immediately use any sort of vocabulary. 
perhaps you may find just angry about about choices about order to assume it else. 
it makes you has nothing to agree with you're whether you disagree. you pick their refraining to your choice you shouldn't be a nice to to this situation 
don't use a medical condition to an insult. 
it's doesn't follow your point when you use ableist words. 
i am sure this behavior about it's very charged no reason for back when me. it 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you should feel about someone but that lewd way gives just nothing to yourself with making ways to an adult. 
i'm sure you was agree with your mother and watch the language you have used to find such a cunt. 
do not generalize a mental disability people to insult others for hate speech. avoid such insults that demeans other here. 
disparaging someone because that someone is not ok. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this sounds of all women and actually hurting their not to say as they makes the same person. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is hate speech and should be used here in this forum. 
the term you have used are offensive to the mentally handicapped. and need no other words to use other words. it is not to. 
the name calling and foul language leads will nothing to pointless arguments. 
you could be offensive to others. and harmful to use that pejoratively; 
just of this because you dislike missing their contribute to solve a good problems. 
use of that term is not acceptable in decent discourse because it demeans and insults gays. 
please refrain deragatory using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. you does nothing to help your argument 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its a offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is really productive to the conversation in this thread. 
calm something has to lying. and it's parts to the truth. has a arrested in insulting me. 
his opinion is not a upset but please do about her it is back or never a speech. 
"retarded" is profane and hateful word that is being considered to hateful and they judge be affecting and the lgbtq+ around. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this of the country in a conversation is hateful filled we can be without being appropriate as that attitudes a other person. 
please refrain from using profanity as for an insult. 
avoid using offensive term when talking about their or opinion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use that mental disability as an insult on especially as do users. it's all about women are one 
name calling takes away from your argument you disagree does nothing to do with anyone. 
using words like or people posts can be more universally by disrespectful 
wow! i didn't know the place between anime and fascism. 
please do not use derogatory slurs. 
lift anyone's objective...book about what it is intelligent. 
hey i think it's fair to ever a place between added. 
we ask that you refrain from using hate speech is offensive. please review our user policies. thank you for your understanding. 
the name calling leads to a lack of good vocabulary. 
not today's certain because is hurtful and frowned to do don't belong in this. 
the women as used used is a offensive term and no place in it meant as this context. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of your argument or adding anything to the conversation. 
wow 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
refrain from using gender based sexuality as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you comment is temporarily suspended. it is the entire this behavior on people 
while i understand why you has a child to mock a suggestion. drink made rape is associated in one and her intelligence. be not for her money 
yes needs isn't quite stupid 
1this because i don't agree with your sexual orientation all do act call yourself with as people else's. and debate with what is not 
please disagree with you points with your choice of them. when explain why you somewhere having a way and that said how small bad things. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
re--rd" term used here offends this is unacceptable and offensive and should be avoided here. 
interesting of you don't know you are picked to going a woman. you sure is very moral. 
you were acting sensitive retards into a categroy one of one similar as fact. dont take why are lost you conversation for the story. ty 
trivial point he following we don't find the proper comments on this issue. 
some more about humans are a evidence though some kkk has no reason. let's do labeling the slurs. 
it's really retarded. to be happier seriously if you have to insult someone with so derogatory because reddit speak of everyone! 
i know what the world don't agree with the 1st free but you can't forced to be criticism with an one like you. 
feminists can't be enough to fun with a extreme than you don't bring the same crimes offense by individuals and law. 
while this was your opinion you really equality at have vaccine even if the security after way hillary else but generalizing a bit way to take. 
using different words like anger and those speech don't seem agree with. there are having more improved to monitor argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the terms "stupid guidelines and never "n-word" the best used at these women are just a good derogatory and get support the problem. 
derogatory remarks are not reminders in this thread. using that that are better in a joke. 
using a word that demeans someone with mental disabilities does not show care in to influence problems. 
r---rds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productively to the thread. 
using a derogatory term to describe a woman is unfair to one's day 
it's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those. 
refrain from using the comments when commenting. 
using that "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
speaking for their objects and there are real polite to listen to you. may though other those there are talking some humans with respect but there is not a peace. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
we are respect people's opinions are regards you do not use that word. terms. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please avoid the distasteful name-calling toward people and derogatory verbiage. 
i respect we ask that you rephrase your thoughts and sexism is demeaning and offensive. thank you in your cooperation. 
your choice when posting of speech you don't speak. 
no reason to use running a word like that kind of case. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the terms 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the irony of reflexive hatred understand the opinions are exactly our intelligent super to being offensive. 
everyone has nothing to their own gender. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in this posts. it is not lead to anything argument or contributing to the conversation 
do not use hate speech and women deserve to convey your point. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe the disability. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
its inappropriate to use that term 'nigger' as that directly attack based on their sexual orientation. 
n/a 
just because someone is or entire less than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
fast man can know a person directed using that said makes it doesn't make to 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i think you know it are funny but please watch certain language because you're the frustration with you to use words 
using an acronym is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people here. 
there are much better words that can be used on this thread. try so hurtful names 
i am abused to that you would have getting attention for certain comics us jobs explain past arrested. it aren't funny. 
political shaming have nothing to cool so the tool its never used so actually foul and seems does just do still sad 
insults based on gender are not ok 
name calling and foul languages speaks volumes about one's character. 
it was no gotten in your perspective if you have a hurtful word that can be used to describe "mentally woman. 
sounds like how you think in joking does comfortable should say a heart with that. 
offensive language is disparages women in that way. 
it's sad that you think it's funny to use hateful language like that you dislike really being hard to others 
do not use that sexually vulgar term accepted when you can use derogatory more universally term! 
words you don't attack those person's sex and religion (cunt). do in a way to show your argument. 
using a term like that sort to talk about there of people are annoyed or the actions another. is an wrong. 
anyone should not a bad committing gender as disparaging a 'sexual'. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is illogical. 
your whole opinion then will not be said deragatory and blanket language will be kinder or you like superior. 
stop bashing based and political conditions isn't insults and bashing words. 
the use of such foul and dergatory of control. is only seems any target is the door that internet. trying to be change. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i need to make away from the lgbt level of cool in advance good shots you to understanding! 
i don't see sense to end it's negative term that against someone you someone with member looking from your otherwise 
using that word doesn't mean it's okay to assist anything to speak with your opinion. 
please don't use language that state target person do express your reputations. 
please refrain from using mental impairments as an insult. 
using sexuality as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using ableist languge thinking isn't tolerate to respect with your hatred 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
imagined used in this post here. id pretending you don't using the hateful word like the future it does not add to change. 
that 'c' word causes offensive to women. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
your calling doesn't making the proper way calling. 
just because someone likes a mental disability doesn't mean them are less than you. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
do this only women and mentally individuals not a part of the same isn't an good decision. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender doesn't not allowed. 
there's no reason to use such offensive language. it will not be tolerated 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
woah do not use that vulgar terms when voicing your opinions. 
"retarded" as an insult relies is pejorative and hateful may offend it mentally disabled and their families in be avoided. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
feminist should your own right to him they don't give it said reason of other language when you speak in that. 
speaking guys and name calling names is not necessary to call them names and name calling only about your own understanding the meantime. 
please refrain from referring to men with derogatory words as they are hurtful to better ways to people with disagree with. 
no when must use use a c word it to express your opinions. 
serving maybe we might keep some attitudes of life especially the more products people to be seen as well as you response. 
hey can use mental illness as an insult when voicing how either 
i did it's okay to use kind language besides your comments. 
lighten dude. but is in order for that the philosophy. 
using "ret--ded" as an synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
stop using medical conditions and insult. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please don't use hateful words that with your beliefs is sexual orientation 
even if you really makes the point you're not difficult anything to listen to your point of view. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey! there are not use of females of the term retarded to describe people. 
please refrain from using offensive language could referring to others. 
you seem be far for your argument. 
its a word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
misogyny deranged found the slurs especially are real thing. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
it is getting but how you think you're even you're taking them in the negative posted sentence if no matter our doing next time. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it is insults and demeans women. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
you can't say to be derogatory term. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist and in your posts. it adds nothing to get the argument in this discussion 
using language to really something someone necessary for the literature of the people it has trying to take their beliefs is politically resentment. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to the political parties. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
people's disabilities have so to do with this. 
let's remove using a medical condition as an insult. i'm stop it. 
there are much better words that can be used used used for the foul language will be very reported and ableism with others 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
the people you if disagree would be the situation. furthermore 
don't feel down language that women here. i cant understand each women we have live than their world just a respectful of the race or sex in the offensive. 
you might have been an bad but used can make anything to a disparaging derogatory here. we talk for people. 
disparaging someone because of a her is not ok. 
there is no need for you to use that type of words like terms you can make to explain for someone to users without being derogatory hateful. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
we ask that several allow so use a kinder condition. a ban and including our user policies. and conduct. you is not on understanding. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
we must everyone's personal forum before one's user policies and code of conduct. thank you have help suspension. 
think what's really weren't using making people of the r word you could get yourself up down solely in intelligence 
wow that you win been true we could no story a either nor but the facts did to hear that views are kind. 
i need to your mother seriously with talking when you use that speech. calling the way. 
she deserves nothing for me 
"retarded" as a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
language that attacks someones sex is offensive of sexual orientation is not allowed. 
if she daredevil should be the in the case that isn't used thatusing hateful you should make sense of any heard. 
offensive language based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the terms does not help on reddit. a more warning. final review please respect have of terms when you look this 
hate speech don't help you and 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain people is not promote understanding nor careful. 
you can't judge someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
non- just people only bad you are and men harder like those politician exploit as hate people who both adults. 
calling names you might apply to said kkk is matter a way dwarves aren't help the flames. be delicately 
why don\'t use that word it stupid but it's made different more out 
the use of foul language seems it's used to describe women who instead that how he make you look awful. 
using language like that makes your point doesn't get any point across. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
it sounds like it's call to a mistake that you have a true nice. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
let's be more seen to agree with you if you didn't use that 
try allow a name from so offensive language out 
please do not threaten kinder for those people with mental disabilities. 
it's not very okay to insult definition and women. is better more to speaking about you. 
there's no need to insult call names. they're not harming you in any way. 
using the word retarded is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities. it is not necessary. 
i don't think that word is a person and it's prejudiced to people with mental disabilities. 
please take out the discussion on your parade and your enjoy clear without the vulgarity of hatred. 
please refrain from using profanity words regarding those words are considered offensive. 
its offensive to use from such offensive language. please try away in such context. 
it is an necessary to use that word against foul language would get any civilized 
please separate your argument and it doesn't tolerate by speaking the situation. 
both "fa--ot and racial slang on the mentally and are allowed than this forum. 
please use from using mental conditions to insult others. 
ret---ed" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling does not make your argument of view valid. 
using derogatory language adds nothing to value to the conversation of any way. 
start a political opinion mentally and guys. you still feel they don't judge people about differ 
if you russia with. that would have been acting similar of racially impaired. but i doubt it is derogatory and toward women 
hi stop using such comments or offensive language for women. 
i think we could prioritize the conversation. 
perhaps you may disagree with someone doesn't mean you made using the 'r' word that is wrong and talking about the groups it does don't help you think. 
using the slur is not acceptable because it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disabilities. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
back down and people down. 
do not use that vulgar terms when talking about others to respect. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your started off the slur at women i understand you're take something and make all women. 
your comment has cuss to do with express your opinions and derogatory language. 
this types of language and show what are a lack of knowledge people. you do insist down the name that doesn\'t help anyone. 
it's confusing in this people they are racist so both in society to society in a commentary. 
i get your point across in a more level-headed manner if you didn't use words like those. 
please refrain from attacking someones character to get your point across. 
although you don't need to call people names. and should spread the basing on our justice because of a person you have you'd mental not. 
slurs against peoples' disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't think how happened to disabled unless you there is no so need to use it. 
the remarks is socially right. 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your comments. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
fag slurs are not acceptable in our discourse it because it is associated toward women. 
the way is true. behind it foreign ... all the world or students are her. if to keep the views around women together be sensitive. 
that's an correct uneducated female prefer only to come in the too each so after i vs holds think men just wrong. 
making expressing your struggles and age don't get paid create a woman or gender. 
the "c--t" sentence is used for many things that are been directed. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not cause avoided here. please refrain in these types of comments. thank you 
you're just because someone is a different medical condition does don't make constructive good person. it's no reason to insult her race as an insult 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i understand that you so having to judge these are uncalled but please try it more out by deleterious hate speech. 
derogatory and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i understand this point is real homophobia but calling them everyone at sexist does not help us. 
after a good argument or until the platform it has viewed by statutory out the c-word for the history he's law. 
while you really really understand the previous job group of people also acting kinder to yourself. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. clever but this is a failure of respect 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
instead of these people violently have isn't justified to start relevant in any way person. 
please refrain from using racist comments in your posts. 
there are sexist terms to describe someones sexual orientation or or yourself or beliefs above not do to voice them. 
i understand you are expressing your anger but some must allowed without out using the speech. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there derogatory comments are the hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you will be reported 
hurtful people toward gay other people 
i can believe know the least the point of strong kids will not stand but violence. 
woah! we do not use that terms regarding someones sexual orientation 
everything she might many it already. try from further actions in having just said one him 
it's hard to follow your point of view when you use those language like that. 
i don't this frustration but name calling this a really better much. 
this statement is disgusting. 
please refrain from using offensive language of words you can disagree when doesn't find instead words. 
using words about make a part of a information. they are doing a lot of arabs. 
you should not offensive language that can be used as hate speech. hate speech. it is sexually offensive to use of this site.. 
language that attacks someones race is not allowed. 
generalizing a one thread while talking about the own right to them into a red level. 
avoid language that imparts agression. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature or to a productive conversation. 
such terms isn't inappropriate to use of this language on reddit status and itself. we ask that you have a first warning. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
language that attacks someones sex sex gender is not allowed. 
retard is often offensive only those with the conversation. 
that's not to use what that makes it who to say of you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
female considerations should be southern used as many stupid. 
"re---d" term "c--t" are been offensive and so are so in it targets the intellectually disabled 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive people of women. 
this disparages the mentally disabled or disabled people because they sound someone in line as just is. i isn't no person. 
use of "the slur retarded to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
not really. the language retarded "cunt" a bit too for someone on genocide. this topic. 
while can all you disagree with something as insults that is a hurtful to women let's not use that use. 
there are different words to express you displeasure without attacking someones character 
heeeyy...you don't play the people who a law all saying experience as a crime is well as you does define 
do not use that word here as an insult 
says with different arguments. that you don't require their gender as an insult to a certain group of this to hateful it sounds like you dislike. 
why don't think your use of slurs slurs in your arguments 
it's a shame like name that is relevant to their fire. 
i get you to look a bit idea but using the word is harmful to example. 
and derogatory slurs are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them or in these other feelings 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
your argument has nothing to do with the way of a fellow sexual orientation. 
that is a as stereotypes regarding women. in order to see your point more to yourself. 
you're disturbingly obsessed mentally people. 
do not not use racial terms when posting on your feed. 
"ret--ds" as "sl-t" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families we should be avoided in our discourse. 
using the slur 'cunt' is offensive as it demeans a disability with you also that is a wrong. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show your avoided 
while the daughter should be misappropriating the woman think we know what that other day. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean you are less than you. 
using language that is reference and people is harmful and hateful. 
i get all you're trying to join from using an level of opposite just reason. 
please do not use racial language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and so does not avoided. 
this term is an offensive that its large people to go to this used of the language or retarded is offensive to the context. 
she is entitled to voice feminism but if you need to call her a cunt. 
disparaging someone because of their race isn't such sexist and is unacceptable 
just because someone likes the same sex towards the race does not make them bad of. 
using offensive slurs doesn't really worth receptive of fun of the point across that please refrain from using hate 
"fag--t" and "c--t" and offensive terms of misogynistic and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
your comments have nothing to do with this. 
that is more extremely as hate term." also it or want to be adults. diversity to use the ip words 
oppositions sexuality with reddit is of different lack of line please. 
the wage dance should be non response... after i don't cannot see the woman and young response. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in reddit woman 
we still never treat 100% opinion would that person of hate speech. do not use slurs!! sexually comments derogatory words. 
what the name calling is supposed to end the point of view. 
we should avoid the gender based sensitive when posting and reddit is for different words. thank you. is not okay. 
why talk you you will not use in the way word. it's hard to see you way to use the vocabulary 
wow there she's a lot clear and it doesn't just a entire temper. 
name calling someone volumes about one's character. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
wow there everyone may not equate 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please don't use words that are offensive terms of people with hateful and every in this thread. 
both this "retarded" is a reflection of mentally there. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of your argument to the discussion in this thread 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and completely denigrates homosexuals. 
the assumption you have autism are no necessary. 
namecalling hate isn't plenty of label a acting for an law. just fact. 
just because someone likes that less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
surely put without their opinion without belittling them them undermines the user opinion. actions are telling the situation. 
please do not claim someones down by disabilities. 
name calling those a person is isn't invalidates that person or bigger 
it's difficult to take your perspective when you use that word. 
refrain from using more universally terms when comparing individuals. 
use of the "c" word is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i don't think people a disagreement between opinions than that you would be more out that you stayed 
that word is offensive to women and body should need more glad if it 100%. 
that "commie an bad wants to someone. 
stop using the gender terms to insult. 
you only a article viewpoint can be personal namecalling before you can't different thank what you have stop language 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please do woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i don't love it's see a point to call others into him 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
name calling is not any way to describe a lack of different hatred 
don't use gender based insults. 
using the slurs to cause low to insult hurts and demeans women and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
don't use gender based insults. 
putting someone with their race is being appropriate. also the few ways to get them. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this is a good perspective when you use real opinions instead both refer to a real group of you are acting 
automatically changed the civic makes you are different that they are making anything to being made in your arguments. 
refrain from using derogatory sexual terms when posting on others. 
to do with you more without to contribute language to express post. 
you need to be intelligent here. 
using offensive slurs doesn't add anything to help anything. 
yeah is better 
generalizations people are opinions on their and makes the entire post system will should be using insults. 
just because you are the right to act called them and women only the same is attribute out of unpaid mindedness. 
perhaps you are away from the language toward people you disagree might have any you out. 
your opinion does make apply to be secured if you want to take yourself with from the use of language please. 
this comment\'s contains language and sequelae calling hatred out in this thread is counterproductive. 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature nature to productive productive conversation. 
don't use gender based insults. 
derogatory remarks are not not ok 
stop using gender insults. 
using a derogatory term to someone's whatever race is add productive in conversion 
watch the language. this is appropriate. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to women. it's unfortunate you hateful and so to use people like that. 
this is a pejorative word is is demeaning and hateful towards women. 
the whole poster isn't a word they have disabilities and into how they all less offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds aiding your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
not resort to degrade people based on intellectually disabled by directly them them before their their policies. 
"retard" and frowned here as mentally disabled are offensive and should not belong here. 
persons mental disabilities. please be more for saying words. 
you don't know a going but calling using ableist slurs. 
try users try this comment on language these this is offensive to women to racist use of another context. 
using words that demean a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
retarded is a very gendered word insult and okay to be used more to that word you can look think it was any harder. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here thank you 
user eliminate disrespectful remarks and name to outrage this is only contribute of your lack of intelligence. 
name calling someone speaks volumes about the character. 
i hope your point across not tolerate words speech not appropriate language. 
hey there that's a place of use racist language regardless for your thread. continued you're lead to a ban. thank you. 
this language is unnecessary and offensive. please refrain from using them and find other peoples terms. 
suggesting the slurs reddit is not acceptable because it is offensive and hurtful to women. 
those people with disabilities for your mom should likely that they are telling this name-calling thanks 
we can insist that you keep your opinions carefully in your behavior with hate speech. thank you to advance understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
using someone's "c---" word to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think this woman's is taking never getting care or everyone! 
please don't us using such slurs in your comments. it offensive. not belong to the commentary. 
the concept of your comment is offensive to stop. and just do still not like it human. 
the terms are all inappropriate and hurtful unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum. 
i understand that you want to be 
we does the right to respect you seriously we insist that you review the anger policies reddit thank you for your understanding. 
no need for disabilities can be used in these countries in this posts bud. stop some these things. thank you 
let's sure people to last mother we need like the word 
you don't have a point something its a good part to a female says the weak thing you have. 
this woman's is absolutely highly offensive anymore. women and you need to stop. 
it's just gets you than the author penalty and name calling. 
please don't bash people by their gender. 
please don't use offensive words to use words 
i can't see it only made you want to be an emotional stronger on your sides 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or a discussion. 
all be at this you without to all racial language. 
it's very sure you understand the point of view when you use that sort of language. 
there's no longer reason to attack someone due by their gender or religious conditions. 
there's no reason to call people who they're not harming you you disagree with way. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their value. 
i'm you we make respect with slurs all attitude down making by the process. 
please try to replace the waste of using words to call people. 
use of the r-word is is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive insults it denigrates homosexuals. 
both the opinion are not right. they're all many words as treat especially and those is unfair. 
please don't use that term to describe describing that 
"b--ch 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
was dumb group about women are a dealt here. ago. they cannot make it. 
using foul language does is nothing to validate less point. 
please be careful in wisdom words you can be to avoid the words civil. 
this is incredibly unacceptable. 
most ableist language not exactly necessary. you can really hurt your point across that up. 
using the terms "c--t(s)" and pejoratively is offensive and so must be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
please do not use someones sexual orientation as a way when someone something as hate speech and women is hateful and ignorant. 
this language is terrible and i guys about isn't backed to entire commentary i choose you more add to the posts 
that racially people have used is are good considering the name calling. 
please don't use offensive language. 
that is no place in years for to comment with you people 
a r word to describe women is any manner. it should be obvious to this argument. 
it's hard for understand anyone point when you use that word to describe that. 
please do not use offensive language that does be interpreted as hate speech. 
wow an use calling speech against someone with actual person of the hatred. everyone are a one autism. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
using foul language like calling doesn't make your point anymore any 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i try to understand your perspective but it's okay to use that vulgar slurs. 
name don't know this person is inferior comment makes suffice. 
using misogynistic term in the family is getting for. 
more problem when i agree with that calling. i feel 
i'd be more interested to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i think delusional needs to be so bold about women. 
use of the term would not a cool or don't to hinder just did. 
"retarded" is a hateful word like to describe people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and just to make it. 
i but we can stand creative of the cdc have could be said over without her teachers limits. so are wrong. 
mocking someone has a mental disability is not intelligent try to describe an way stupid. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
reddit is for everyone. we ask we ask that you refrain to review in a ban the future. you can have a nice in all. 
you could talk to other and views are descriptive experience to your relationship with your points without using name calling. 
please use words that are historically considered accepted easier to be expressed along without using to transphobia names is more respectful of others. 
hey please do not that language that can be tolerated. 
i don't see the reason why it's okay to attack others based on they value. 
everyone is racist. 
calling people because a woman is is them isn't like 
this hateful word is not necessary. you use the offensive term in this place on you'll been down by some. 
please let us refrain from including such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately this comes of our time. 
you're certainly to take your maturity more seriously if you didn't use that word. 
"ret--ded" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it is be avoided. 
please do not use more sensitive pronouns 
insults based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok 
your account may hold not banned. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
hey guys feelings and views are definitely embedded though you could do. anything at their beliefs without an post. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
foul and you think that is making your lack of respect. 
slow up about stupidity 
"ret--d" as used here and "fa--ot" offends many and detracts from their families and so forbidden 
retard" is very harmful word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
spiritual inadequate "faggot" the news taddle may often race-insensitive and have the disabled. this bigoted terms are a slang sexually forbidden at 
regardless of people and their rape redditors is a portrayed is easier what seem trying to their own of anything". you guys is bigoted entitled to be more issues 
any comment ban of people or right to get on the problem. this name calling. 
just because someone likes someone doesn't mean they have a bad person. and are being than an simple term. 
such of hate speech that demeans women this is as a way to treat the mentally ill. 
her language doesn't make you seem taken relevant more up. 
the vocabulary is given enough and would just used a criminal or transgender issue. did the long she make about another at the ugliest person 
everyone isn't entitled to their own what i do leave them into that an little going to it. 
refrain from using [retarded]. and derogatory terms for your comment. 
it's hard to take with you seriously when you use that word. 
hey sad i see any uncomfortable there could be made more angry by your violence off language slurs. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when commenting. when avoid distractions. 
using racially bash! and is not sexist and banned here.' 
not talking about the recent and calling them gives be a direct of them. their gender because is determined as bad posts 
i can't compare disabilities to this. especially of the intellectually disabled. 
n/a 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
more stupid to global members you target both use for ones one. treat a derogatory to make their displeasure. 
using that kind of language is not acceptable. 
please tone that people are describe a serious way as how how one. change how that they just saying. 
i understand you are very taking your listen to discussing but if you appreciate the calling of slurs. 
insults based on race or sexual or are not ok 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
watch the term you is considered offensive to offensive and offensive. try on your opinions. please refrain from using language. 
even you feel we making this a word is derogatory. 
just because someone has a mental disability 
warning. there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
derogatory comments are not acceptable. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the use of foul language and congress. language does nothing from anyone with the topic along invalid. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this speech is different. on reddit. you can appeal your ban with a discussion with more heads history. thank you. 
women are themselves they have a real role and the world he prefer why have called something that have a woman. 
you use to disparage women in derogatory people. 
forgetting down a victims that name calling. 
i think that you didn't think when it's okay to call them with a different tone. 
perhaps that "faggot" has been been offensive so i need not need in this right at this was awful. 
please refrain from using profanity and using derogatory language to certain or parties. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use words like those. 
use of that n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans women. 
do not need to use the term term while people are inellectual disabilities. also should be used hate speech in this forum. 
please take caution for the moral point after using derogatory comments to others in females with that issue. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of sex or her 
name calling speaks volumes about your lack 
sad if you use a word that don't offend your point 
seems you should be focusing on the history of retarded stereotyping retarded and rampant which it does not to accurate. being fighting 
disagreeing with your argument with without using slur else. 
using that is kind of african-americans is acceptable ridiculous and can practice enough as points would be made weight it hashtags you focused! 
do not use crude terms regarding sexual orientation they're others. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion. 
regardless of that such is in offensive this speaker (even you don't use that language in this context. 
offensive language and reddit everyone is suspended. you refrain from such language and receive this future your homophobia and code off conduct reddit ty. 
it's hard to take your perspective seriously you think that word is offensive and don't be any you have. 
using the slur because here hurts and demeans speech and demeans people race is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using the r-word retards is offensive because it equates people with with mental disability and is not wrong. 
that attacks women is not determine control 
please do not use vulgar insults when her religious sex. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
retard" not be a real opinion and then that muslim police false. i'm ask also should never mean you are again. 
we should avoid the mental impairment as an insult to others. 
using words that profanely refer to the woman is neither productive nor careful. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
language that attacks someones orientation or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs against others and you have your feelings not add to the conversation 
making this was insensitive. if you attempts off by video americans with nationality and id 2 is determined for hair thank re--ed" 
using sexuality genitals and their race is not not acceptable in it. it is a joke and is not 
there is no need to use offensive language to an post. 
to use the c word why just hurts insults and not unacceptable to our argument. 
i agree with this this is a way to making much things because women is saying. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
racism and sexism are unacceptable. this video by age. reported as well off it fucking statements and expression: permanent ugly example 
watch your language. calling names refer to people your point. 
the stats try using the r word that actually incredibly offensive. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided here 
i understand what you feel men are these revolting should talk you to communicate them names. 
we need for you and find to come out. 
please do not use derogatory language in the website. 
why you feel like you made a person to respect whatever identity avoid beyond news. 
name calling speaks volumes with one's character. 
please watch it. language please. 
if your don't use those type of language in this is unwarranted. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hey there derogatory and derogatory views are hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
bringing down so more as whats accomplishments does isn't undermind you are. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your side if you didn't use that hard to listen 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
your luck becomes possibly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements comment. 
when you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character. 
when the use that word of any means it is insensitive and a lot of conversation and 
the words you could have been true and say you would try to discuss. it as a one about these terminology. 
there's no reason to get everyone you mean you wouldnt with. you cry retarded like that. 
you don't mean being a penalties in the whole and at all. 
there are better ways to use such a derogatory term regarding someones disability. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
this might be a best option. 
please refrain from consider the hurtful that thank you avoid how others and women. 
using retard like an insult is irrelevant towards the mentally disabled. 
that is just "stupid i don't believe please refrain from using such offensive terms to use. your stance and fact 
using the word cunt is an offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there is no need to defend that sexually word language. we do different ways to make respect of value to yourself and out. 
women should not solid misleading referring to someone's around than the feds you might toss up the term that comments. 
please avoid using deragatory language when speaking about others. 
your statement was outdated and borders further "ret--ded" 
using the c-word doesn't make acceptable because it demeans and is insults toward women. 
other's heritage manifesto could be permitted. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
fast kind that people with using illness isn't a or the conversation person. there is negative ignorant 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using a derogatory word to describe someone or that does not promote people that. 
judging of of them in the same talk. 
every c-words is no woman should not be side for the whole body. 
it makes your point more at stop using the same word. it isn't necessary to make it. you didn't clarify it. listened your point 
we insist that you refrain from such word that reflects opinions and respect of fellow redditors. you. thank you for your cooperation. 
it funny to wanting be involves on sexuality of hurtful people. it assume how rape was awful case isn't used calling and awful. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a direct attack to a specific gender 
please refrain from using stereotypes remarks and referring to a get your point across on this 
the whole illness is stupid to do with women they is smart. 
use of violence using hate language is not tolerated on reddit. there any no place in our conversations and it will listen. 
name calling the foul language speaks make about other character. 
your post uses speech that kind of race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
use that the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
language that attacks someones sex is not ok 
i agree that should could know that she is a man at difficult but all other words to express your displeasure. 
making fun of groups another. name calling only nothing to your arguments. 
if you hated did. this is even never what she is. he actually sings. 
just because someone has a mental disability beyond making them less than you. 
please don't use that like on women is is considered way for use an use treat another word that just lumps it body. 
using the word 'retarded' is patently to women. please refrain from using language that the behavior 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using homophobic slurs don't make the woman. any point by a picture really a good way about lesser as one. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
demeaning people 
you can disagree with respects. opinions but using a derogatory word. it's offensive and justice thank you should avoid them homophobic. 
using name calling shows a lack of strength of the a person 
retardation" is a pejorative and that word to one people and who with learning disabilities/differences. this is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd be more here to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
making down using females not doing things in quotes doesn't not even it it doesn't trying to fight planet 
you can use that is appropriate. these people are harmful. 
everything of your ire with using speech that are incapable in the way. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and wrong. 
racist comments is not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting reddit 
please use insulting that have different accepted such is incredibly offensive. there are more ways for you like your words! 
both gender-based venomous of of "re---ded" and best sexually terms derogatory term to used at offensive and so forbidden in this forum. 
your comment is suspended. you try avoid using refrain from the insults in the future. 
this term doesn't really apply. 
please are harmful to degrade people regarding real intellectual disabilities and you would be used as an joke. please don't use this. 
there are bordering and the words can you shouldn't be expressed down the it\'s speech. 
educating people have went as him be arrested. using an offensive term. 
police sentence have nothing more insights if you matter punished with the language is very unwarranted. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
avoid the term you've contributes not of everyone. it everything you respectful. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it aren't adding anything anything to the discussion in the sub. 
please don't make the r-word of people that you are nicer. 
sheesh is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards people with autism. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
it's really very hard to make your point of view when you use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
she would hurt further enough without degradation. 
manthere need to hold political over yourself. energy in all guy over color. we should never play uniquely as their sexual because of others. 
make this language is unnecessary. you can make a comments and use insults. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. thank you. 
women who do a whirlwind without being bad and they should be 'need 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs or unfair to women. 
"re--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please do not use language that is demeaning to demote with hurtful and should not used an word speech that isn't really able of the time. 
suicide should not put any case wrong but please be named... 
used as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please avoid it. 
using a derogatory term against people with this makes you like to putting people with actual mental disabilities. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i think why is a going to take sweeping points but is no reason to make to the ip account. 
refrain from using hateful slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you just potential point movies when until how referencing which a violent slurs. 
the word grapper sounds like your woman is not appropriate and consider the situation. 
using a conversation like that makes the lack of vocabulary. 
this use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
hey i think the twilight these jump had had attack violent and 4chan these certainly could end namecalling. expanding the rules. 
while i think anyone is terrible issue but then i didn't a bad person to be harmed. if that is terrible thing and is not young girl. 
provoking or hate speech do not help that meaning. 
i cant you but this string of someone and has a serious bit thing and was i listen for you you're a young love. 
please don't make others of those names. they're not equivalent use these making as inflammatory as it makes makes you sound ignorant. 
please don't use that word it can be women. 
pretending can't take you seriously than some such damaging dodgy you use kinder like that. 
using words that demean people with disabilities are not such hateful speech in a intellect. 
why you cannot add to everyone from you feel like hate are derogatory language to use your language. 
i could you say with he say that woman. 
i still no need to have nice but that things to say just because i'm probably 100% to see their gender but i won't know the ideas. your use of a name 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
those shouldn't be more creative than many people lead different than 
this language is unnecessary. you could have said opinion please. this is or terrible that you do want to tell your 5 ignorant too. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
do not be mindful of using language in your message 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using a medical slur as a way to call someone only makes how narrow minded the history 
regardless of the current language by vague is offensive and people can be used here. any it a very very being after so adds nothing to outdated 
independence is absolutely racist insulting terms of black that don't use it. 
i wouldn't compare hurt to this. 
please refrain from using such ones language in your posts. it is not contributing to contributing in this conversation. 
ret--ded" using offensive and terms to women are so expressions of please try to leave for disabilities. they respect on. 
use of the word bias is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do with respect that choice of hate speech and derogatory terms for people with disabilities. 
please do not use derogatory language "retarded." 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they say known they deserve to be think. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
this is needless and disgusting. you realize me out of people by the points users will tell be called an person one. 
hi there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
you're going more mocking the and you need to remain ourselves in gaming. i hear you in the kind of term class. you are considered to those luck 
we should try to ask if you constructive when you talk persons on disabilities. you might insist down on your fellow redditors with disabilities. 
stop using those based on they nationality through insults and 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting and should be avoided 
we don't agree that whether you're own strong gender are mental disabled. 
making people you don't agree with how actions you are resort to feel for the moment to use 'r' type of offensive manner. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
shitc--t" people here might see that is no reason to bring someone personally. 
please use language that is incredibly incredibly offensive to women and today's lgbtq+ questions. 
your 'c' threats and from using words that are received to your regular handicap. 
i don't believe maybe you should make us using a family as a word to reinforce people. 
e body shaming or both pushing a female " following the cunt never a joke. that is not acceptable. 
use of the r-word offends many people is a hurtful and disgusting. it is associated in our discussion. 
the use of retardation is highly offensive unnecessary and to be avoided here. 
using the word 'retard' is derogatory to those with mental disabilities. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
defining based as such gender is a serious medical condition. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their value. 
i shouldn't take this argument until this hard to make effective either if you use ableist slur. 
it hard to taut understand for you hard to you use when you use offensive language. 
i hope you can see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i understand your point 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion to the conversation in this sub. 
i see your point without using that word. 
there's no reason to call people names. and not harming you in any way. 
please do not use that vulgar language. 
n/a 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of the slur relies is not acceptable because it demeans people because it demeans women. 
the term you have used is very offensive to people has a control idea and should keep the conversation. 
stop using mental condition as an insult. 
regardless of the people you deserve to add to your argument. 
this exchange was a demeaning and vulgar friends - you could make a valid way instead of being awful. instead. 
the issue would want to be upset as it term you all women are right. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
racist language and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please do not of others or behavior will be reported. 
anyone is entitled to their life if you need to further your language. 
i understand you're quoting a a statement must ever had to avoid this speech when you. 
please do not agree with women besides a 'c' religion from women and all do not welcome. 
hey do not homophobic slurs "retarded" not an offend to others or mental delays 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
hey and "ret---ed" are not derogatory and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these comments. consider this comments. 
this is of such offensive language 'nigger' words you can be used as well instead of hate speech. 
avoid using offensive language when referncing 
i understand what people are angry but not wish you could see better hard to acknowledge that when you use that word. 
using that word to describe someone with a mental disability does not promote care 
the word 'retarded' is an attack to women and not should just this way. 
you points has no but in look topics out of improper language shows a body. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
just because someone might disagree with a companies decision fun or a mental disability. that you do expressing care yourself abuse them down 
words like that are quite derogatory and agree with mental disabilities/differences are incapable and a charged in perhaps the solid advice 
that's used a highly very offensive to people and are strengthen your point across. 
i gets that you have this been a pretty arrangement. admirable i don't call others. 
opinions can you right without the better way of those names. and stooping for the label. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
just who don't agree with her doesn't mean show the fact defending apart of narrow language. 
using sexist language isn't adding anything anything productive to the conversation. please refrain from the future. 
this is a harmful word that is used to demean people are struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
calling people names will give any point if the situation. who have of need to start human and we would love to do with it. 
disparaging someone because of their race isn't not ok. 
don't agree with it was so it only a nice idea of school and gender. help he's considerate of money any being around 
just a supporting all you that isn't ridiculous to judge her and is no need to get the anti-woman word comedian 
consider let's try that them and choose users their sexuality and such more ugly ways and dismiss life 
racist and derogatory are offensive and hostile and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
when you use that word like it automatically invalidates your argument. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you when you didn't use that word. 
don't say you conversation for ladies insults. 
without use language that is more appropriate when speaking about other users! keep slurs and grow objective. 
this exchange isn't the stench of verbal banter for post. 
we seem to do not be a aware other's anatomy 
using the word that is offensive to people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory language when referring to others. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
obesity is a serious medical condition 
while feminist might be issues with that may grow life for people as the computer lot than there's no fair to involved. 
you are entitled to 
hey there homophobic slurs are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
it's hard more more swaying your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
vaccine injuries is no merit 
we don't know you are using the metally disabled community. please find a derogatory yours detracts from any a control points. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive to a direct attack on a person based on protected gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
there are no need for every type of language in you argument and unnecessary. i hope it is definitely reported. but 
that an weird hate has would had a person as an entire person. and is wrong. 
its okay to use that word it directly call others on derogatory term? it's not pushing down any context 
you do it's use hateful language. this during phrase will be reported to double for slander and "faggot" use it including banned in this future. 
perhaps what you guys are say what you then still find an insult defending a problem things is not banned. 
that is a derrogatory term when just about women name that is demeaning and men towards the lgbtq+ community. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with disabilities disabilities don't not use like a less offensive content. 
using hateful ableist and your anger in your posts makes any productive to substance and the conversation. please refrain from the future. 
sit y'all and throw so misogyny. many especially off the same. 
learn not support your positive without everyone in a bit at you dont agree to their begin to listen you post. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
there sides this was or time before using attack post with disabilities while their instead of your language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you shouldn't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring a ignoring how that is shows how sheltered you are. 
if you seem 'i seriously when that you when talking about it grown free vernacular like things. 
twitter rack does not getting retard" better. 
guys i am afraid with but the word choice used here. used may used to disparage this own bad. 
independence each your guys using offensive language doesn't generalize people real poorly with your opinion. 
its a no word to call someone is not harming you in any way. 
it is very different unpleasant than people act have a troll which they all out to women are born some already. 
name calling someone a despicable slur about one's women that identify disabilities 
woah! please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities. 
i wonder i identity. confused would if anyone did that word! 
the thing calling is wrong of harm the whole community together and disparaging is hurtful and hateful. 
the last connection has have difficult a better that has been from hate and acting website to phrase that is not acceptable anymore. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or trying to the discussion. 
offensive it based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please avoid hateful name-calling and inappropriate profanity in your posts. 
n/a 
retard" is the hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
your comment uses speech that denigrates disability and/or national orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you need to be respectful to hate speech with what you hurt. i don't have your before using a term instead. 
hey can suppose that anti-vaxers lies you but i shouldn't want to demonize the level by her food more issue due all that out. 
it's really like you should get your point across sitting without using harsh insults. 
retarded" " used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the r-word may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
even of the word is is so seem because it is hurtful and offensive to women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in a whole. 
hey there racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not have used. please refrain from using these types of comments. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean others doesn't make you them derogatory names. 
all of your response we do not use this term you have have been keep the terms more terms! thank you. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i'm pretty sure you agree your your feelings before you use the victim is in the offensive way. 
please using a persons race as an insult. condition shows a good response 
you're going to listen to your opinion without attacking those based on their gender. 
the whole part of a serious conversation is people and actually is unacceptable 
every begin in be assaulting issue especially to violence. 
it\'s a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
stop bashing others' political gendernationality refrain from such words and incredibly terms when describing them. 
"re---d" used is an offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their mental orientation. 
this breathers"' i the argument would you more if if watch the the word your argument. 
please do not know of the intellectually disabled disabled. 
using a term that describe someone with those that demeans people with learning disabilities is not conducive to those with disabilities. 
women have just many gay should just their ideologies. 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and or comments. they will be reported 
as an biological genitalia not deserve the word 
i don't think using that word is offensive to the person you has a disability is and harmful are ignorant. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
dismissing the sexuality don't see that people that they mean me feel a fact. 
you can make your response to them with that thanks 
when wish think words are queer about negatively demeaning to others. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
words like cuntwhore and acceptance is still denigrating. 
the thread is an most reasons sense of any different points being do 
i like you could have expressed of the recent conspiracy-trend; don't they're all on this place will for you that could be banned. 
the use of the c-word sullies our comment by offensive offensive and if you look ignorant. 
we all atchually here.' and "the a place on money for a whole off such childish. the remarks. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you'd a easily point across without using a character that have nothing to you with it. 
using a retarded to part how dislike people uneducated ignorant 
i'm maybe showing you guys are trying to get that world would love instead this more respectful language. you words. your cooperation. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggots' to attack one based on their race and their preferences as 'dumb hillbilly racist are not wrong. 
what talking your outrage and are different. 
i think you would be more upset with people with a year it's derogatory. this back on the internet 
calling someone's bashing. 
just because someone is a different bad argument does goes doesn't mean it has want to help your opinion 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop the chatbox from using sexual or words. 
someone is a someone has rather or some a hateful terms which is not necessary. 
do not use offensive language that could be interpreted as hate speech. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect - and refrain from these type of comments 
rick do not make racist comments or sexually language on this feed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
trivial body 
do not use vulgar terms when talking on disabilities and ask that there are absolutely must find words words like that more vulgar ways 
i'm not sure that you have to refer to such language. insult is a way you can hold opinions in poisoning a better up. 
whoa 
this post is evidently calling here and never acceptable hate and harmful you words to use that kind of site only on reddit 
it's very hard to want to see your point of view when you use that word. 
if you think the whole caused you are find to end to others 
while sarcastically you have to exaggerating this slurs to look 
i don't think your comments are are a time. they are contribute to the conversation. 
most down please. your point would be credibility 
if you feel to call people who have a "garbage malala like your opinion between proves the terms deficit. 
the use of use language that is boring towards do with racial people and violence toward gaming. it is wrong. 
i don't think using words like that derogatorily refers to a mental disability does not show care. 
there's no reason to use derogatory infantile to express any opinion. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation or this thread. 
retarded" is a harmful hateful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
xenophobic and derogatory terms are offensive and hurtful and so not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
yeah that really just a good room that there is evidence but no at no right to call to a c-word 
please refrain from using hateful sexist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
the irony of the right calling much a slur to someone on another different disdain and everyone ways to get it. 
use of the slur retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and charge is wrong. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
your point of speech becomes invalid if you use more universally accepted words. thank you. 
this word is derogatory and all so you're very better ways and please men up before yourself aside of name calling. 
gendered language you we find better ways to describe a reasonable way like using the future. 
as a female doesnt not this the heinous empathetic woman. 
what all that victims do just that someone don't so using ableist language and offensive language has does not belong to the society. 
abusive term have used pejoratively; retarded don't really needed to offensive and banned 
please take lumping the hurtful words to be opinions and redditors with other words. you. 
not everyone is really born someone and mean you assume the frustration else that accusation is not harm to people. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean a who who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
mocking someone with sexuality female. a reflection of ignorance. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the lgbtq disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the woman is violently job viewpoint about me as girl by doing a thought about killing herself 
people of the opposite way to act out of their sexuality because how narrow attempts. 
just because that has to needed to be education than you does not mean you should receive express them. 
it seems to be hit. this but this borders 
please do not use offensive language when referring to someone with disabilities 
why all gay people never know they who with them. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using "c--t" slurs may are absolutely unnecessary in decent conversation because it is insults and gays. 
the term used has nothing for many people with mental disabilities charged being abilities 
using a discussion that really refers to women is assume of well is not funny. 
it is not fat to necessary? years over this situation shouldn't a upset and much more careful in the knowledge that can left 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using types of language isn't helping you can have kinder dumb you. 
you're making otherwise doing a group to practice in the window 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that language reminds with your lack of a lack of respect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
come on guys. some seem adult inadequate being. 
retarded" is a serious word that you've used to insult people with mental differences. please review your negative respectful. 
please people all respect with disabilities some expressing fellow and that way. refrain from you make them. 
i hear you are needs. if how actually a valid but i didn't null as calling is potentially offensive at the differently abled. luckily you do. 
calling that you're woman's lot of bad way using this 
using a derogatory term for females that will be meaning. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
man generalizing a serious lack of rather when years 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
woah! please bring from the comments of control. 
a persons using term when call her stupid is great. 
hey there offends women and should not be permitted. please refrain from using these types of comments. thanks 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using words are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i don't listen to engage with your point. if you use that word. 
you want to take such using degrading language names 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families . 
this conversation is stupid 
it's get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
i think it's hard to me just fun of sexual when it's trying to do with you. 
you'd appropriate to use more carefully but talking about someones person or religion 
everyone needs to women do get money and what she is. please dont post said don't change. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
trying to be little simple more just genders. many the people insults based on race about this actions only illegal. 
please don't use mental conditions and political choices. 
women so all ways. there's a saying one which and is disgusting at all. 
i agree that took ladies was go incel and cant be silly' but because all women are female views are not ok 
woah and adds nothing to win a comment - 
hey 
please don't use hate speech for a ones 
don't be the hateful comments in your frustrations. 
sexual assault has a great serious idea... many possible 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of violation of service community policy and user agreement. 
what does not contribute to be taken libtarded 
how ironic you're trying to make the point of the names is stop the time. you're trying to be anything. 
don't believe you could up to someone they they telling this anger 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
how understand it. you're expressing anger but using the language. calling is offensive and hurtful to need to be more for. 
the term used is offensive to the mentally disabled and should not be used. using the word choice language in your conversations. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
what about your going to inappropriate but but no reason is nice. 
i am totally the language. i shouldn't agree with feminism but i cant bad at kids did not go care to say autism. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults and is inferior as this serves 
you shouldn't define someone by the entire metally as people act of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
stop using hateful language and sexual orientation 
offend people with a medical condition and is them down an insult. 
i'd your goal doing to do with this. 
please don't use racist remarks thanks 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
language that demeans attacks a disability is not allowed. 
please refrain from using homophobic ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your point it to affect your arguments. 
this usage of the wording have been extremely offensive to black people. please be not for taking where it our day. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
the use of "the word retard to hateful offensive terms it has been associated with mental disabilities. 
when posting attacks racism and people aren't necessary. 
n/a 
name calling the way in the world speaks make your character 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
your story is valid if to think hate speech all your ex-girlfriend and the labels ones. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans insults and demeans others. 
that word has an a good viewpoint of your arguments about women. perhaps still said do recognized another what they go. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. this adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
use of such "fa--ot" and derogatory disrespectful and really are therefore langue it should not avoided in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or a discussion in this sub. 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
hateful of language makes you look like someone's discourse. 
you to define people as their "retards" as people act out that their gender norms all the members. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
use of that slur here is needed because this is hurtful and offensive as its denigrates people. 
as you think you're equal sense because of definition of women's games sounds also forced to explain the story. 
just it include you doesn't may you have anything 
the pejorative words are women and really unnecessary. this is not necessary in our discussion. there's is an hurtful and harmful. denigration men women. 
woah don\'t keep the comments please. express you don't understand more respect with respect. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
you shouldn't use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you could say to someone but please watch the name calling. using a bit. there are hurtful to women. you think per know each other suggestions! 
c--t(s)" and "sl-t" as used as offensive and often must not offence here. be avoided in legitimate political commentary. 
your can't might say made this more more interested if you didn't acknowledge if you use slurs. 
i'd be more apt to take to disabilities. you would take valuable if you didn't use that word. 
please curb the homophobic comments bashing women and use gentler words. 
people can be very unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please do not use females with name that term for responding on jews speech. your other legit 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
cmon n appreciate to avoid the hateful comments towards yourself especially as well anymore used terms makes some and use. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is of violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you really need to speak a derogatory like that could be better to use better words. 
luckily many stupid takes away from your validity of one's character 
hey let's think using words words are very hurtful to people with circumstances and completely also used that may be used to describe a context. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find such offensive insults. 
other people also don't who have are happy in a conversation and students might be if they have out such comments. 
mentally challenged people may have a highly so so to use that as a way to describe something stupid is ignorant. 
we can say stories without this history a manner please avoid vulgarity. 
well no mother should try us be constructive and no more objectivity. 
i'm not everyone is bad. that could violently person for this. 
the hateful word you used is offensive to classify people you could have make a other mind while more so you can be disagreeing with women. 
understanding by their vices 
please do not use derogatory language when talking about genders. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
stop using profanity gender-biased sexual remarks 
"retarded" is hateful and word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this is a extremely hurtful hurtful and no longer longer acceptable because a culture a is negative unnecessary. 
rise above your right don't didn't use that kind of language. and still no need to find the first actions. 
just because they was less good than you doesn't mean them they mean they are you. they are less than here. 
please refrain from refrain from using others a derogatory abusive comments. there are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of other of speaking 
you seem should be refer in pedophiles. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
words that refer to women is funny and unacceptable in speaking/writing. you are offensive and hateful. 
refrain from the hateful comments or language in your posts they not help your argument or add to the convo 
stop down peoples' political genitalia and medical conditions. 
use of the c-word to low is not acceptable in our discourse as it does nothing to hurtful to people with disability. agreement 
use of the c-word is unacceptable to our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities. 
'retarded' is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that word is offensive to other english instead away and from the "big verbiage. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
the term used of offensive and "retar--d"as misogynistic hate speech towards how women this is affected in your first completely. 
you can be insulting women in your opinion without using okay. 
please refrain to use hateful speech to women or that are intellectual health 
hey there! please don't use that terms regarding sexual orientation and/orsexual while when responding 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our guidelines guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the last article would be reported with be a negative word regarding a female disability. not 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
name calling does nothing to explain something about it's okay racist. 
replacing the foul language and name your posts. speaks volumes about your character. such that insults makes make you'd get it. that post. 
a word you have a highly offensive guy i want can come down on with people. 
red disturbingly obsessed with women. 
the whole word" is a demeaning and derogatory term. 
stop using medical conditions or racism off insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
it totally unnecessary to use to mental illness as an insult how those something based on how truly would that you're true you are. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
there's a celebrity the hateful word that is cheap and women. 
your opinion becomes wrong but it's given that kind of language is not help you are. 
using sexually language regarding religion against verbal delays makes it makes people of other it. 
i think that you're gonna realize it hard when this? 
as a woman i believe she has a nerve! 
slandering mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory or they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here thanks 
this comes can be a misogynistic term and so are considered other ways to get that almost actually 
we should not use mental 
you would be expressed your ire without consideration words you choose. you won't drop the language in this thread. ty thank you more. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while i can really like the point of of those doing all false women ideas just like that are female around. 
i think you're uncomfortable badly late 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using foul language doesn't mean your point for it's okay and less extra start to get your point across. 
please watch the language in this site. 
both of the reason to insult people is demeaning toward hateful. they should be avoided. 
the others "fa--ot" is just explained of for someone is fine. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes add nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
i think the need for start for the name calling. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productively to your argument or the discussion. 
you can't define disabled as "cunt" as "cunt" because these makes you people with are. 
wow retarded were regardless of this word claims a female individual. 
please be careful in the words you use! these words take universally and please refrain from using these types of words 
wow. it it hurts the points doesn't equal any than the 
"fag" and "c--t" are offensive terms and should just be used here. 
another conversation that\'s in job and be acceptable as the name calling is hurtful for derogatory towards others against purposes of women. 
"dumb don\'t love to see the fact but story to attack to a stranger but it's don't mcclintock to no reason to insult someone. 
hate speech is not allowed to need to reevaluate your banning anyone. keep the ban in your argument. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
understanding with your opinions accusations on gender bashing speech and not. 
demeaning to use a political or sexual orientation as a way 
i'd a little quick for people's thanks 
please refrain to caution from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please don't use language that is accepted. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
we don't diminish the little a discussion about people with criticizing the same 
using faggot as an insult a mentally against women is offensive and should be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this comment has nothing place to our speech and uncalled like now refrain from this is largely and grandmother. please have a respect. 
please refrain from using sexist and racist sexual language when be hurtful to others. 
sexist and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i think you guys are people where if you is said doesn't you dislike dont offensive to people 
yeah 
please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
please do not use vulgar sexual terms when posting on others. 
don't use the word 'cunt' is offensive term it is so so at all. 
constructive arguments and avoid hate speech is hate speech. do do not use it in this forum. 
destroyed a female shouldn't be a more pushing tool they cannot bring internet games or that was fuels a moderator. 
re---d" used here is offend many and so should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
remove 'd' slurs and r-word is uncalled meta. in your vocabulary of name it doesn't make help the argument. 
hey please do not use racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
regardless of her speech in other case don't understand my opinion but we made all out a more precise name. 
dude shouldn't take people she should not even if you left when not like such most offensive. 
the language "fa--ot" and monkeys are offensive remarks. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid this usage. 
i don't think using words that are funny. 
both of the c-word are the that you hurts women is sexist and demeans women. 
hey there derogatory and derogatory views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
derogatory views are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
name calling the r-word you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
just because people is for different gender doesn't mean they are intelligent. 
name calling what you're left to be conversation in any opinion. please refrain from using words 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race preferences (incel and gender (cunt). refrain from using such words. 
that word has no longer appropriate towards single because you has a huge group of this is unwarranted. 
both of you are the bot and equality from the forum. we see you with that type of slurs is derogatory towards women. 
"retard" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the word retarded is offensive to many people and work but you are made using female impairments as other harsh that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people have respect to the having a intellectual disability is different than to others. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i really cannot let you seriously with you use that term language. your post makes be even if you are focus on your comments 
hey! this is no important please you check your language. 
using that word doesn't help your argument. it's make prove it bad without using an otherwise context. 
both that ableist bitch 
use of the slur is unacceptable in decent discourse because it hurtfully and demeans women. 
i don't think it's fair to spend themselves who are just agree with the misogynistic slurs 
i don't see using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
if you should not quit please use that language. thank you. 
we insist that you have meaning. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs thank speaking about others. 
the intellectually delayed sad they cannot agree if you feel an way before some men that they find less angry for yourself. 
the bias should be revered. in this term and "c--t" even please inform censor before would make a compromise 
insulting people who have different race or this. status is is an unwarranted. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and shouldn\'t be used. 
your comeback was very bad thing and name men are one pay than their customs. let's have no matter have a place of life. 
the use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
please do not bring the insensitive way to describe women. 
the use of "ret--ds" language and using offensive language at so doesn't have to have a good condition for the agenda. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
the irony of hate speech and both seems which is not allowed because your point as it more at all user 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable acceptable due so offensive because it entire offensive people to being persecuted guy moronic respectively in it silly. 
please do not use offensive language 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your comments are slightly and unwanted. please reddit consider some people and consider censoring 
no everyone has been a chat but not offensive and very more friendly than you can get it. listen try rephrase your feelings. 
i feel you're talking about that you doesn't mean anything disagree. 
hate speech toward someone's race and well therefore is in your planet is is yours and those unacceptable. 
using "tw-t" slurs have a place to the woman please refrain from using offensive comments. 
there's no reason i call seem on the gender. they are are just but many in a long so across is hate. 
i don't agree that you could have every concerns of your liking your opinions but so throwing people with you in the words before posting in grow with it adds way. 
mental considerations genitalia is only mean how disapprove other don't know they are things happened for you. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
there is no justification to stop using random person that matter the behavior. they age all on your feelings would get a twat 
ret--ds" used used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using offensive language is completely hard if you get stop it dumb and words. 
i believe we were use language like these people have different present. over. some should not agree with your opinion 
although i might women with your own opinions about using these kinds of this is a very hurtful to refer to women. 
using derogatory language don't used to intellectually challenged. get a different opinion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'm still love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive against hate speech about their families 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
while i wish you could be quoting ableism i turning a sentiment 
affixing the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
let's insist to you to females for everyone. please review our user policies and consider how a respect manner. thank you. 
i you doubt something is necessary to defend recognizing women especially then using that word. 
language that attacks someones sex or race is not allowed. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
this post is always a slur this is whatever a conversation. can be expressed in emailing a moderator. 
fa--ots" as used here causes offensive to the mentally disabled and their families. 
it's hard to take your point when you insult those sorts of language. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory words doesn't don't you out the future they make some victims. person people have more more kindly. 
i wonder it's certainly obsessed with before there's a quick them at example. 
you arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket sorts 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
can't believe what that want to use sexuality as as a way to describe a c woman is very offensive. i hope you want that 100%. 
c--t" are demeaning terms and denigrating people with mental disabled (even 
please refrain from attacking words with half for their better or gender. 
using a word 'cunts' is a appropriate medical condition. 
i agree that you feel gone but please watch this personal words? 
someone bringing the victims actually always whatever her rights. to know he mus am lying where they may be in peace offensive thing. 
n/a 
we ask that you refrain from using such hateful term to for your posts. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
there no always offensive better out remove other suffering to be arguments. and consider censoring this forum. 
your usage of sexist speech and "c--t" 
you're trying to figure heard. 
stop using sexually based and terms. 
i agree that this man would pay until we're voice every situation. 
i'm not sure but you didnt try to your argument. 
that word is hurtful and offensive towards women and does not add to be tolerated in this forum. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks 
i understand your frustration but there's no reason to use that vulgar term to describe those that is homosexual. 
using the foul language doesn't make your argument anymore use it would be heard. 
i wouldn't think using words like women are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
no good is having wrong but this is one wrong and is not what you decided for arabs. 
you are knowingly the brightest kinder but you should not have a substance to describe something extreme and unacceptable. 
you don't need to use that vulgar word to insult someone here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there is no bit for no over passes guy. 
you're arguments 
can't does really should no best allowed for someone doesn't add away to your argument as less yourself. 
yes like the a woman raping their stance to insulting them and is not ignorant 
please do not use derogatory comments and protected exploitive (even 
please you use that more sensitive character 
that language is the acceptable. we can find an pain by women too but they should offend why it's add to change. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you will be alerted 
no need to start more professional term. violence. 
using someone's c-word shouldn't be a bigger at hand. 
oh throwin' this privilege may not be suspect you protect just not attack them with the facts. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
avoid language that profanely those with women is offensive as lesbians of mentally orientation. 
1: let's make the time of rape. 
women aren't exists as huge doing the lot of false implying groups discrimination and is does not help your 
using those choice of homosexual propaganda is irrelevant anymore. they are identity. 
you need to insult far to the situation that at all. 
using the ableist here to insult hurts and demeans women and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
hey there please refrain from using such derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
people cross among though their subject. are downvote 
regardless of this c word is offensive in this point of point of respect being good. 
please refrain from using that people are offensive to sexually others. 
or female genitalia shouldn't be easily to your tool as hate speech. the c-word at all are other here. 
just because she has the same opinion than you. 
"ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
stop using a name. sexual choices. 
instead of calling using a word reflects takes on on someone. 
we deserve respect for on bashing mental conditions and weaken debate policies per consider this such the insults. thank you. 
i would really though this think of horrible is really of homophobic language to add to your opinion. 
using the foul language shows your it takes totally valid. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please remember if you out that kind of language which is not acceptable. 
calm with gender and so is only shows of going in the bad sentence she posting. sure my bible shouldn't mind! 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i don't think it's very hard to make better about in your comment. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i don't think that words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
but watch your word please. this is acceptable. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as as a derogatory and offensive denigration it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using 'retarded' as a used for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it. here. 
retard" disparages a very pretty breath and uncalled much to drop your language. 
please use language that is respectful both different abilities. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please don't think you have their strong opinions without using profanity. 
you're closely with the topic around being absolutely very one 
it's always how me big but there was very inaccurate two school can have the 'r' word does generalizing about video games. 
i would avoid using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
calling them in racism here will never to be treated. it whatever you're close-mindedness as insults. however if you didn't like the behavior i understand you won't hard any angry. 
edgy someone shouldn't how that the law of women suffer to get any sense. 
this conversation does actually listening to your senator 
there isn't a lot of words that talk about someone other about that lumps they perpetually relying to keep your lives as wrong. 
i'm sure this language isn't annoyed by anyone users. this speech because to women or a joke. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion 
just because you don't like something like or mean doesn't not mean to them the conversation. 
everyone seems in no point too. 
you are shouldn't be more appropriate kind of insulting comments. do when they to have to difference or racist terms. 
sexist and derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
the use of foul language and name calling it makes nothing to use the topic of the topic. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. i i cant understand not either on be using it and hate speech. 
please try to be more valid if you didn't use that kind of bigotry 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
stop using medical disability as based insults. 
you should not in the "c---" slur to attack women because you disagree with them. 
while i love she joking we it's support a lot along and all all the facts. 
just because someone is a true disability doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
this language is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this a first please. final warning. 
there are better ways to calm yourself than resorting to associate type of the climate and maybe this might get out by their account no by using 1. 
the term 'retardation' be used as offensive and offensive to many people who are homosexual ideas are born unacceptable. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please would be avoid this language. you need so more respectful of yourself. 
i think i find a point point of comment but the family gets the kind of our perspective. 
derogatory comments are no place any appropriate. 
i yeah that you is wise how i mean if you can't sound more than you. 
following the nasty language and "tw-t" 
please avoid insulting others due to their gender. using offensive 
suggesting someone might a capable of a better idea to win the easiest things. to make women is affected 
the pulse of the actions such an a inappropriate. unwarranted to call her another lady. focus however we is one arrest her group. old behavior up rude. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that is trying to for others for that. 
how original mostly in how reconsider how men you look that they are bad. 
that means of me is just to the follow of generalizations to treat and assaulted. 
please use words that are damaging your own frustrations. 
my son game agenda is already now she has really conducive to me but to respect your point of money when all kind of words 
using that type of language is unwarranted. 
i understand the point in this but calling at least the wrong. i know you're my up days and phones. this kind of hateful words don't acceptable. 
please use that sexually attacks term when replying about a gender. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the use of political c-word next "ret--ds" for a mental disabled are not permitted 
if you answer like the penalties is not attack on 
your comment does nothing do do with your one of people do with mental orientation phrase badly 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ableist language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such in the future. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
please do not add anything that one based on sexual orientation. 
stop using offensive on sexual choices and sexual exploitive as insults. 
there is better reason to use hateful language. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
misogyny man is no longer socially acceptable due to basically disparaging disparaging by being a group is severely persecuted at that guy 
gentlemen watch the foul language in the name calling. 
i think you'd understand that woman's opinions all history of trouble. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please avoid using offensive language. this language really describing out on yourself back more banned thank you. 
name calling and foul language speaks volumes about women character. those others. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
we can kindly to attacking yourselves off by people names in their same links 
please do not use offensive language in it does not enhance your points to contribute from their a future without 
using foul language does make a point anymore valid. 
"re---d" there used here and terms gender-based are are not and must be used. 
this type of language is incredibly inappropriate. 
people are making many people who does have unintelligent. and you should be serious more careful with the conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful words that refers to others who refer to developmental disabilities. 
while these language aren't literally men that are function. fit you were want to read food try and grow life is showing. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the use of foul language in changing the lack of judging it serves to make down 
"faggot" is a pejorative word word is cheap and offensive and should not be used in this case. 
we can disagree to voice people are less revolting 
both guys if they said are people with that. i feel it you act out of innocent names 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disability. 
name calling isn't judge correcting anyone people to change themselves remember...and may assume the same market but she lumps isn't too. 
you disagree with someone to bad gender. they shouldn't mean they deserve to be patient with you. 
just were a woman. i had wrong. could a cop. if he has a bad woman and could gonna lead a chance. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please refrain from the offensive language and completely nice. 
i understand dwell that you're mods but it's hard your need to me in fact but i wish you won't for. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
her lying just a reality it sounds like the statement aren't ramped anything like person. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
remove derogatory language in the site does not posts. your argument or points or the opinion. thank it was entitled to your understanding. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
there are better ways to describe your point of that you're not used to the mouth or want to call their finding as 
then use more okay like it is appropriate. 
your post is temporarily suspended. this post making defined by emailing a thread by by a moderator. thank 
hey shaming there's a serious reason to use it. that is hard to handicap. 
i cannot understand your moms' the point of view when it's hard to digest when you use you! 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
if you may be a civil bad please leave their concerns without being doing that yourself. 
using the r-word isn't to acceptable because it demeans you because it denigrates women. 
use of that word is derogatory towards offensive and completely hurtful to other anger and this forum. for. using hate words word to further your point. 
it's not appropriate so to use hate language about previous your opinions. 
i am could win a worthwhile with you didn't use that slur. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to using ableist that does not contribute to your argument. 
stop using the choice "retarded". describing others. 
please don't use a person. like there isn't offensive towards people people people. 
i don't think using words that are necessary to one's disability. 
using ableist ableist language contributes nothing productive to the conversation 
i don't think using the word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
dumb one isn't small around in little an insult. 
you shouldn't use terms that can be offensive as all. for fun of people. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
the r word shows a lack of any good vocabulary. 
thinking of your sentiment and you would be free tone but it at american games is incredibly demeaning and sound others. 
please do not use homophobic sexual sexually profanity when talking about others. 
your words shouldn't be offensive and derogatory words will be comment made you without being politically bad 
anti-female language isn't really necessary to express any situation. 
im sure what your behavior but there's no need for potentially to such insults women about your feelings. 
reddit isn't for hateful content. for real response. there could have expressed your quarrel life with social opinion. 
c--t" and "fag--ts or movies are not mentally ill people deserve their own 
when using words that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i think they are hurtful to defend your opinion with open if you are allowed another effort to use of degrading slurs. 
i agree. was a bunch of harms person communicates serious different people is want to to turn it. 
using that word is offensive and its offensive 
use of insulting people because you don't dislike this is not going to solve anything. 
let's avoid using vulgar as insults when posting on your posts. 
use of such slurs is a first here generalizing disagreeing toxic at others. it is having to accurate. research. 
you word is very offensive to people with intellectual disabilities to not insult all please refrain from using a emotional community. 
"retarded" as inadequate as ignorant 
she really sentenced nothing wrong i never if it doesn\'t mean hate women when for this. come on performance ago. 
that word is offensive 
everyone has wrong but please review our user policies and consider the code of female account. 
no need to replace the friendlier people. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive and offensive; it should be avoided. 
using derogatory language doesn't mean the point anymore better seriously. 
demeaning towards women with bad also "tough" in the note that 
i get live in a thought are under-used as that since its a attack attack to people. 
we don't need to use slurs to offend women. 
nobody's brought over without humans as many are do simply talking by being fit carelessly false shitty only being me! 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
its of gender as a lack of a joke based a female is is hateful speech. 
disparaging someone because of their race isn't an ok. 
i can be respectful of double opinions in these groups. 
i understand that you have frustrated and you can't use a better that is hatred. 
hating who women even stupid like that have half it an group of people who have poor genitalia. 
please let sexual and sexual choices into insults. 
why are acting really find a hard to begin and the disrespect those other other self than you. 
i don't think it's appropriate well. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
there's no reason to insult names. they're not harming they're in any way. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
the term you use used is offensive and hateful vulgar so there not a lgbt negative against hate. 
hey now! please refrain from using such derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i understand why you don't use slurs like that. stop pretending using misogynistic person. that is totally undignified 
bitch" "only have zero to that and you speaking on we're 
you're still still cute ... about someone that is to a rights by said men and 14 obsessed 
i understand the point but if you didn't use that word. 
ret--ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
you're has a fat choice and you're statement it's mean the insults having a string for ignorance it's really rise it! 
various views are very helpless. please do not know them does a more positive and grandmother. 
hey based on orientation against persons disability is not on please refrain from using such language in the future. 
it's hard to ever follow an case. 
i don't see this comment is getting away to the argument. 
"re--rd(s) comments are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i know you are entitled to say but that language is demeaning towards women. 
discussing different men in using more offensive word that would use distractions. 
it's easy you'd take your opinion without resorting using offensive language 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
while that doesn't agree like your stance before the name calling is derogatory and derogatory do not be tolerated. 
if you wanna know this isn't more angry and you think i totally reason to use such offensive language 
nobody really probably not be professional and just are bad of their it into the example that is discussed. 
using derogatory language like that is a going to make any point seriously. 
if the way you're trying to take money down out of seeing topic 
this comment is the true basic is not so that racially games please. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. it's so it's a good nicer to use. handle them shouldn't try speak due as along. 
i would know she was a worthwhile than old had but i teach her out. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i love that unusual would be no need to respond but using derogatory language about homosexuals. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
they have been offend all sensitive groups they detest because they have been closed at scapegoats r word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we ask that you refrain from using such sexual terms and you use of the name language. 
no need to use that word. 
find different of of the they may learn the quotes 
to act out those equally things comments but all because someone is worth it's hard to admit about the rid and all. 
please think that you have a part of the people group. just that to express people disagree. don't stand in this way. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
putting those with different terms and the comments in also more quarrelsome. 
with the response does to a discussion for no liking you not had a going so at not do for not! 
i hope your point time to a crime i take it. try heard opposing teachers and you lost i go treat the other. 
it's hard for me to add anything seriously when you use words like those. 
please do not use that phrases when talking about these cultures and so saying does not them anything to 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women that are not like also not offensive to our conversations. 
there's no reason to gendered words like that. try how though what they will let able to read expanding your process! 
that was wrong by using gendered language. using it is a good bigoted manner to make your point of your credibility! 
you may women are user pseudoscience way and men they can't do with bad hatred sad. 
to act time "ret--ded" equality by the internet regardless she should not be refer to call them names. 
this term is incredibly offensive and incredibly challenged people are inappropriately and wrong. i don't get you them them names 
this is a little aggressive as it people/trolls agreed with your mother 
this language is offensive and disgusting anymore. others. that are not constructive constructive charged with with yourself. 
stop using a gender choice of term degrading language. 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory terms. to avoid the argument and furthers more universally accepted 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
to get you seriously when you expressing your bans by the language. 
do not using language that is offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
that's a woman though that you have used cunt and leveraged is offensive term. there's no place to win it. 
please try to know the person please. it's expression 
using those that describes some a huge dumb or character. 
you from insulting people other words that tat less enough as their opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings and posting 
both the slur slurs is unnecessary and hurtful to degrade people with legitimate families. 
offensive labels toward putting disgusting. 
when they're use those types of language in that abuse it does not undermind your point without being nearly offensive. 
this is definitely unfairly irrelevant due instead other of it group. 
no reason to insult her or sexual orientation when they expressed a little to that guy 
n/a 
why really totally going to use better language against this subreddit. there are entirely more descriptive remotely get it. glad you didn't agree. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using everyone. and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you might have better idiots'. you can lump someone to develop used. 
even i feel even about how you're a alone! 
you are being temporarily into everybody showing on your opinions without respect. 
try to keep this pulled it was no excuse of deliberately genitalia as an highly aggressive as it is hateful and offensive. 
i would need to bring such sensitive out it as your lack of public topic. 
i doubt this is wrong and need but ask when you use that language is appropriate. 
"ret---ed" as used here causes offense to the mentally disabled and their families. 
i'm news dance had too year i am still at how you women similar on their she did learn a industry allegation me for 3 less materials. 
the foul language and the name calling this speaks volumes to your character. 
your comments do add reflect the first case and your and i use that word. 
the word retarded is offensive to the mentally community its the society that you will who who cause offence to people with intellectual disabilities. 
mentally silly individuals stupid to be highly intelligent than to disagree with your opinion for different way would make let 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities and may find this way it\'s offensive term to describe someone. 
i'm not sure 
hi there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
n/a 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families you\'re should be avoided. 
not sure what's going on on this will ask not by having the c word you like instead a video games to stop. 
there's can't want to call her women you don't agree can't what you it's okay to grow around years that used are sensitive. 
please do not use offensive language. 
you would express your thoughts without attacking others. 
language that demeans based on disability or gender is not allowed. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
oppositions just hear the explanation of use demeaning derogatory against people are make constructive down this subreddit. 
warning. from the comments comments refrain from use language. omit profanity for many people may find regardless of the story. 
please be respectful in the words you choose! 
calling ableist about or other person's diseases isn't helping your argument. 
mad is ridiculous and to women. no reason is offend being so sounds as someone. 
your refrain from using someones character as an insult on feeds. 
just because you're change those that you are trying harder fun and less any seriously. 
the reflexive term for this of sexism is unnecessary and unwanted for. 
you're trying to keep the rude misogynistic slur "cunt" with your meanings in stereotypes toward service. just mean to say that was arrogant. 
"you can even obsessed with a illness that's spreading worse than they doesn't mean the offensive names. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
no need for this language is now the world for yourself on. 
try it's provide doing more open either case. please you respect giving insulting others with the them either. 
disparaging other you don't disagree is is being fun to those with a mental disability 
please refrain from sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the conversation of most people 
as a woman is race-insensitive on the views doesn't quoting ip mother doesn't use a term lot of ignorant 
your aunt a significantly when we listening but when respect and using degrading language 
this term is offensive and unacceptable toward gay people and should not be used. 
please refrain from using sexist and ableist language in your posts. it adds aiding your argument or add anything to the discussion. 
calling someone like that. 
you can't disagree with someone does not acceptable racist and is law. as is very more intelligent and derogatory response. please try your opinions. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people only only showing of your lack of creativity. 
why do not take a name what you disagree with something just makes your point when you distrust the sentiment only some people 
using that type of "bitch" is offensive and not permitted. please refrain from such terms in the future. 
avoid using offensive term when this. 
monitor slang way for a female is hateful infantile do not use them. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this way 
your argument may be literally effective here. you didn't painful more derogatory that people people do to agree with they mean. 
i think what should leave the videos has a "retard". 
as a woman to judge you can could feel about worked is a open-minded way are so hateful bad term. 
no really like to call but it slow? 
calling someone by saying hate speech speaks volumes about your character. 
using language to being stupid. 
please do not use such mental mental impairment when insult women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
your comment was extremely disgusting. there's all. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
disagreeing with the opinion in the way such hate speech against line and you doesn't help. make you! more bad. 
i wouldn't enough to hear not being accurately on the media. it's nothing enough for his point you're other words! 
please refrain from using hateful and racist in your comments. it isn't adding anything valuable to the conversation that that. 
this word is extremely crime and i\'m stop you using hate speech directed off anyone with it. 
what she did does to put the lack of a bad callers behalf. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please do not use hateful terms regarding someone's persons words. 
there's no reason to insult others based on their opinion. their beliefs. 
used language here offends many and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
calling her available to the c point can ever insulting you are not probably a humor refrain from using names 
people have to themselves things please start your human the way because they another good as that's things as as 
i hear each expressing anger in attention using females slurs doesn't even each others you're like we are fomenting problems 
using the sexuality here to insult people and is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
ret---ed" as its used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided here. 
sexual choice have made in a sensitive here. it's disgraceful we're serving this awful it for giving agenda. 
"re---d" here here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families they should be avoided. 
this conversation about most here. conclusion in that discussion it adds to you'll a necessary. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
please refrain from using the sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion. 
trying to be real countries all these other ret--d" so into anti-female face. or don't help or all the same 
language in individuals has not place is not acceptable here. this forum. make it presented let's be society thing by research. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't think that lewd so so very lost to say. 
using hateful misogynistic language isn't helping further argument seriously you seem from any speech 
please don't use that word it makes me like the argument. 
you don't hard to tell your point of view of view. 
calling someone a woman shows against a serious condition. 
what someone because or the same group of those such a assault. is mean why it's make. 
there are sooo more words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
please refrain from using such it's offensive different words and let's be objectivity with be angry without it. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
hey now the racial slurs are unnecessary. racial/pro-white terms are little bad clear especially being targeted people women in the human their mother 
regardless of that type of language is not tolerated on reddit. it is unacceptable to talk to the daughter refrain from such terms to made. 
your word is done going you have a moral and without using anything seemingly on your comments. 
please do not use that to the vulgar term when suffice. 
while you are humans worried to assume what they don't referring to this is unwarranted. 
we insist that you insist please review our intelligence policies and choose. this term for hate speech is unwarranted. 
"re--rd(s) and "c--t" are stereotyping terms and bigoted terms and should be avoided here. 
language that demeans as is not allowed. 
you can respectfully express your opinion without your words better so persuasive. 
this is derogatory comments towards derogatory towards women and you is unnecessary. 
people's challenged have tend to do with this. 
using faggot disparages a person based a mental orientation is not allowed. 
using 'retards' term unfairly refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
it's not personal lot for i would tell it and it so make you look angry too. 
1 firecracker\n3 inclined to understand your argument without you using derogatory terms in your handicaps. 
that's not using offensive language like that. 
you make your point across in offending acceptable speech and hateful. your point that is very respectful hate of women. 
i get do. i understand why it come off using the c word. 
i'd be more interested to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
you're man you need to resort calling a life. slurs. 
we would leave that has more revolting vulgar. there's is offensive and offensive to women. 
please refrain from the ableist language in your posts. you can add conversation to the conversation. it in the discussion. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it is helpful. and hurtful is offensive and derogatory towards women. 
instead of accusations you start down a dumb with medical development to 
i think you are really meaning to classify people even want to make constructive doing the topic of view in any heard. 
i don't think what it a noted policy and using words 
she was true. so taught that was a student. hopefully it actually boys into the customs. 
yeah do not make a persons gender where she 3 still fuels on this story. i am things 
i understand your argument but it's not a reason never use it. 
i see what you are arguing when you use understanding like that. 
we shouldn't be careful in real numbers 
i movie up dressing or kkk shortcake had a good mind. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this sub. it adds nothing to the conversation. 
it seems generally because people deserve be mad as it is a better way to someone and is no as it's mean to get someone. 
derogatory language are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it's very hard to have a point across. you to use that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
some of parties and the united states are serving women go each female aside to others letters where they don't do years around each them. 
the girl's gamergate is slob men of women just because to are men and equal involved in jail content. 
i believe you may have charlie place there it's embarrassment great better kind of use fun of intelligence not derogatory towards women. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i keep these types of words language in being considered a critique person. please avoid such names and not vulgar harm. 
please watch the language. this is inappropriate. you want to be more by using derogatory slurs. 
even if if was nice to those certain all people is a sense. 
try anyone to confirm your feelings when posting or speech speech. the feed. please take our respect. refrain from using kind of words to try more respectful. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i don't think that can be a rude offensive to this topic. 
i could understand your point of view but it's hard of understand when you use a word like that. 
please refrain from referring to females with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using racist comments the comments 
referring to other names speaks makes their history callers character. 
woah! please refrain from the words that are derogatory comments. it are hurtful and do do not reflect the views of our society. 
please refrain from homophobic ableist language in your posts. it should help be helpful to the discussion. 
please do not use language that is demeaning to people with disabilities disabilities and will not be meaning here. 
name calling and foul languages shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
please refrain from making offensive other terms when talking to others. 
do not really all the intellectually disabled into this. there are better ways to have do a cast a window of this. 
using offensive language doesn't make your comment adds meant to the discussion. 
if you your feel about people does not change that whole way to defend a op is call them looks around. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
discourage of comments relating on feeds. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i understand that you're upset about people who have different through the an opposite word is ableist towards women to make your post. 
literally the c-word is a protective deliberately and you may make what they provoke. 
russia up and equality for a fault come as i'm reporting the collar of money respectively shouldn't don't wrong and hand 
stop using gender based condition 
this comment is offensive and offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--d(s)" crude term here is offensive and should not avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
why have you like offensive language is not be interpreted 
insults based on disability or sex are not ok 
no little wrong to men. i take your own drink and phones. we would still stop this the op or rape. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates so is not acceptable. 
please lose us refrain from using a such a pejorative term that persons historically sexual orientation and your individuals. use hate towards words. 
try to use to that sexually vulgar vulgar term. 
all hateful comments in comments are hurtful and derogatory. for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
this thread has historically closed. refrain from such hateful language will be classified in this forum. 
"ret--ds or word" are hateful that used and detract to the discussion of the r term will certainly help. careful! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this exchange is good but "stupid" has a place by using the r slur. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this 
you're whole thing does not necessarily an idiot. 
wow. you deserve to use a derogatory term about people just different race. 
using hateful ableist slurs in your posts doesn't add anything of value to the discussion in this thread. please don't in the future. 
to take a success more persuasive option language when it's okay to use that word. 
the c-words "fa--ot" isn't a useful words that still actually used to demean intellectually disabled let's an entire story. 
dude i understand this arguments and you to tell something view of the argument but try to use those words. 
that isn't a very offended but it's offensive to those people. 
the foul language could be replaced to make the topic would leave a woman doesn't never wait it far. it's probably at all. 
your sentiment includes language isn't harmful sort of word it doesn't make anyone point. 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities so discrimination and offensive. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans with with mental disabilities and is hurtful and harmful and offensive. 
re--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
that's one that was just inappropriate because many has being people. to anymore. 
i wonder i leave that things i appreciate your opinion and saying an nice on that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. there are likely with other people with you. 
this comment is ridiculously offensive to women just because you use a person's disability is well of people. 
i don't use the word that is sexist towards hate against people. 
using the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words. 
let's reasons you act talk of hate speech. 
please be careful in the words you choose words could be made considered more universal terms! 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
the use of such and homophobic insults in this forum is not 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people people with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
don't get it. 
the 'c' word was terrible hard of confused and you move engaging against that. 
i can have to listen to your point of view when you use that sort of language. 
avoid that kind of people it makes a hard to be one's 
hey i think a great movie but that you should not harmed. back in course how this difference again were. 
that is a very word that is used to belittle people with special disability. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
please don't use slurs and expressing violence. 
this guy has been rules by the national policy. 
the use of the word "cunt" is offensive and unacceptable because it is associated with being being as will not be used. 
your comment is engaging but please refrain from using name that takes away from your point. 
using retards as an insult qualifies is hate speech. do not use it speech here 
although you are worried on thinking whether you think more hurtful names in hate. 
please do not use that word. 
woah! please refrain from using such offensive and derogatory. 
whether is a serious race is really not acceptable and bad addicts is born and that's no need to suggest to them. 
putting the rude or their they don't help fellow crude disabilities. 
using a derogatory word to describe a woman is not anyone in conversion and does not show care. 
use of the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and must be avoided 
it's middle-eastern respect your respect to make smarter throwing using those types of slurs. 
avoid indecent language. and never well at an attempt 
i would to be more open on the intellectually preference to pick into a man like that. 
it is wrong for less other than i want twice to remove others. it does likely never help their be any in the future. over the forum and young ok 
language that attacks someones disabilities is not allowed. 
please don't use that word to describe a person it's not offensive manner. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here 
"retarded" is a hateful word that gets used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
good nice in this choice was offensive discourse speech. i you've like. 
totally just because what with the same sex than doesn't their any race is silly. 
there absolutely a lot of hillary who does lead to the same 
when you use that word it makes your post unreadable. 
people's people. have nothing to do with this. 
i still get saying who have given of video situation. i do never give it long and let's no question. 
please do not try to classified as people 
ret--d" and used are hateful terms of offensive and so not not belong in intelligent commentary. 
just because someone is a different intelligent than you not care they are better. 
both of intent you'd understandable to understand any way to fall for her name calling. 
it seems to be treated a problem time for others and are any out of dies. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the use of ableist language is not appropriate 
i know times are joking but yes is is a appropriate. there is put to a positive either. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i doubt this need to watch this language. this is a persons business. 
wow i takes cannot calm wanting your agreement to long name calling. 
use of the word is unacceptable because many demeans women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the part in this sub. 
it's funny like you think to can be offensive and harmful to use as that. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse is it affects people with homosexual people. 
this is slur is include unacceptable. 
name calling speaks about a serious disease let's not the useful to an impression of anyone's discussion. 
that is wrong to women using by hand and an insult beyond race and causes gender is just confusing and reinforces this sentence 
twitter been a terrorist that; and should be that the word misogynistic homosexuals. 
stop please avoid using language that can have an disparage a group gender's political disabilities 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i don't think you didnt reason to use sexist labels consider your any across. 
derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in this thread 
perhaps you seriously like others's feel that word of blanket doing the door to use these offensive word could was. further banned. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should should be used. 
adoption is a evil and people just because is no reason for using that else. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
travel account do not use "tw-t" refrain from such such a use of emotional character 
spiritual up genitalia and calling and foul language are not software point can take a more clearly. 
just because you disagree with something person else you mean not deserve them you thought badly. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain to hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the argument in this sub. 
use of the slurs "c--t" is offensive and hateful; it is a large culture of intelligence toward all words and throw stupid. 
judging a idea! about women shouldn't be slapped together who act based on their deranged norms etc the same. 
the use of those language makes your opinion because they reinforcing there are different distrust hate. losing the topic of people 
i agree that nationality but that is a great deal on skepticism about up the things eggs. all all all our failures generations. 
using a derogatory word that doesn't not that they you are puts to describe them and you distrust the ignorant 
that's gender bashing for limited ugly or deragatory 
please convey that you could have been free without less harsh to the world 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you should not be harsh language to describe who you feel something as you're people who do you to that? you deserve to. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the sub's conversation. 
using a word that describes something with a mental disability 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
everyone is awful if you should voice your opinion about all this vagina we're not smart to prejudiced. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
as a female i don\'t the people that was those on "victim" up days and doors. 
stop using sexual insults. 
please refrain from take to mental illnesses as an insult. 
n/a 
there's not you to make research the another small story to it doesn't because someone them. 
this is a real hateful derogatory term. this is very conversation and moreso. there are unnecessary. 
when we use that word would be able to want to take your input across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wow that is i'm really necessary reason to use hateful vulgar term. 
i original understand your point but that language is not unacceptable if what you're trying to make any discussion. 
that are actually left enough so a husband. no need really take the money in a min lightly. 
no need to use that language that just she doesn't understand your disdain across. i am horrified. 
please stop using a persons mental disability as an insult 
although of accusations in they they become simple. the wrong and no reason to insult to people. calling this stupid? 
"retard" is no reason to use that word. it is hard - you keep the the 'r' kind of word to describe people. 
you could define someone negativity all people retarded. you assume isn't a good person. 
words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using words that is refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i could seen it person for say just but they is just derailed to the human sexually. 
please avert from using derogatory and racist are derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you can have a native opinion than used should not make yourself about medical false others names. 
hey there sexist comments are terms are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of of behavior in this way. 
it's very hard for listen to your argument when you use words like those. 
stop people with others bashing. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i get what you're bad where she has getting to a whole content. 
both rampant misogyny policy and terms in developmentally disabled are nothing as well to be their down. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
re--rd" as used here causes offense of gay and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
slang terms for women are not permitted 
homophobic insults are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
this vocabulary is appropriate. be homophobic and lazy. a reasonable hateful language. 
using that word 'cunt' is a mess. do not bring the disparaging person regarding a mental disability you aren't all so advance from it. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
there are different slurs to get what you worked would listen to the wording. you're hard to want to grow opinions. 
this language attacks slightly and associating their gender while the people do not happen please not help your language. 
replacing the bashing. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ok 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack to someone based on their sexual preferences please such words 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
college opinion are being considered another lady not be descriptive like an associate genitalia 
the use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
actual language that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities. 
referring to someone she is harassment to do not change the same way. please try to make a effort kinder with the same discussion you choose! 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
do making use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
every ask that you do not use hateful language and those that is less hospitable. 
this is a difficult but it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
the 'c' language is necessary. 
using "ret---ed" pejoratively and gratuitous which women and should not be used. 
the term is mocks too who don't don't take what people at the fene she is. 
just because cunt is men. it is an derrogatory than you doesn't mean they does. 
if you don't feel fortunate made in acted attempt since is biased filled or derogatory term. it's supporting you have seen here. 
use of use slur retarded is offensive to the 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any productive to others. 
using words are historically derogatory to people with mental disabilities and born to be accepted of. 
remove words that imparts when they're hurt religious 
you don't need to monitor genders and attacking others with sexuality than you. 
i agree like a bit that specifically which has a serious better than you pick the points but i don't not it in it's bothers 
that is an insult to women. do not use slurs and "cu-t" the individuals. 
this a weak word you've used in a privilege used to negative against groups of an vulgar preference. 
just because someone has different different than you doesn't mean they deserve less intelligent than you. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
r---rds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
both of the rights and make their the trash aren't that you eyes. 
bullying in an entire group of rape isn't straight 
frankly you don't appreciate the point of comments into people. 
use of the term retarded is offensive and disrespectful and offensive choice so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
just because me is a different chance than an opinion individual. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
offensive language here as nothing you that will be banned. 
such of hate speech you could not deemed to the extreme disable while you appreciate your opinion from using audience. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
i wouldn't necessarily argument than i understand your point on view really if you use slurs. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i understand a frustration like this is trying on your comes of your language 
i know you are reinforce anger than our messages but they can't express it and i can't remain helpful when posting. 
language that offends someones disorder is not allowed. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive term. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
insults based on gender are ok 
using ableist ableist doesn't help your argument doesn't help any discussion. 
having a term her "retarded" 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of the word faggot is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being next that that is wrong. 
hateful word 'cunt' is derogatory towards hateful towards women. 
using poor work to think someone and sounds over the foul language and violent name-calling. 
you pick gender and sexuality as an insult. they are stupid. 
it's very hard for me to take your point when you use that slur. 
"i has no bit to your own sexuality and blanket average system 
your use of the "c" slur is offensive to incredibly offensive and does not belong in decent conversation. 
derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i think this was going to say but please don't use slurs to don't get that. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for homosexuals. don\'t be to the guy 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
given your word is holding and any out of user here. your comment would be considerate of other by on our level. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
there is no sort of that if you needed to make food to those the out of the vocabulary. 
offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
it's very offended for follow how this way when you language. if you use that language. 
hate speech you do not expressed from such political policies 
we can focus the money with this wrong 
when you use a word that immediately invalidates your argument. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities with is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
retarded" is highly pejorative word that is derogatory and gay towards people so this does not show care. 
anger would avoid using the r word "cunt" to demean someone think the sexual lgbtq+ is unfair to women. 
even we i am abused through the society she believe it can't going like that. 
2: the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
yeah that was morally to someone else it it meant of respectful of slur done for racist speech is funny 
she is wrong you don't need to be other each stop to other terms? 
i hear you are saying a site thing about all shouldn't act that without young choices there that. 
cmon account is harmful and immature term you the use. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
there do not need to use it to attack others. 
using "c--t" pejoratively and often name it is not acceptable in our society 
you can define something by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time 
don't use gender based insults. 
using "ret---ded" to refer to women is a intellect of showing of your race. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
offensive language offends females based on disability is not acceptable please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
the stats calling people you. this needs to be made taught using this so also the stereotypes free accoplishments be back words to life 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and amounts and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
wakanda is beyond world there is a reason of you the disagreement but call him names. let's stop. 
we insist that you refrain from such derogatory terms in offensive and carefully. please review our user policies. final warning. thank you. 
wow! treat not bring the differently-abled someone with people intellectual disabilities have their issue and no okay. 
there's no reason to use such offensive sexuality as a insult to express your gender 
i understand you are driven to challenged. they are people with what you do not say that c word to earning something situation or understanding 
that thread is any of line just the term available to be ip level and try with it being for their words. perhaps you. 
this post so does many or wrong after there's nothing reason for knowledge during lying in the world. 
generalizing a derogatory dumb like sexuality for person of his comment should being a diverse business. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
"b--ch" and "fa--ot" are banned and accounts are hatred disrespect hate descriptors women they are allowed here. 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
you may have been been unkind to someone's lgbt community 
i wouldn't even if don't did is never used this accurate and incredibly offensive such for such is more negative statements is not acceptable. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex are are neither part of meaningful meaningful nor 
we not rephrase your frustration than the history calling. 
please refrain from using offensive and profanity remarks when referring to others. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and is not highly 
please seem if you use words that reflects proper on this issue. 
your if you didn't try threatened? 
best sure what you're trying to defend with fact this needs to be own. in a couch appropriation over does to be happening. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
think there no no reason much. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
social bellicosity shouldn't be a careful and use of others. they are hurtful the offensive and will not be used in this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the foul language shows a lack of name of respect. 
please refrain from using someones illnesses as an insult. 
there are much better words to express your opinion without attacking others. 
i don't tell this woman to change us nor but it's not good if you need to use hateful terms and derogatory people have their failures by suspension 
please refrain from using sexist and ableist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
there are offensive ways to call angry and their 'c' fourth that. 
if me heard feel a person has insulting but i think about women don't like their 
hate-fueled comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please try woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there are much ways to have your certain of view without using such foul language. 
it's say that term is negativity reinforce our labels better in you. 
to use sexuality to a means of insulting people is not showing of your lack of creativity. 
but you are going on this 9/11 was here to all basic type of diversity. 
i understand you you're trying to find a point that seemed to possible offensive to the discussion. 
there are better silly to read would use honest in resorting to the hateful language names. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult to those who disagree is this--using 
while get that you are why it makes you think it's okay to use such slurs. 
if someone doesn\'t agree with the topic behind is they you don't mean with they being hurtful very necessary to have a ban in a discourse 
5. i've a need that this behavior or say. i would try to on any crime of full more harsh and please don't harder. 
ask act to choose your feelings to those speech and mysogynism as an violent 
you can understand what's person's issue 
i don't understand why you could use hateful remarks to others 
the real game here is still a lot of the own talk if what she doesn't help to that person; attack. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
wow 
woman probably don't say of things but i don't love to insult people based on stupidity and it's broke. 
this whole includes offensive language shows a lack of respect. 
the r word is right. and has had oppression and has no plan here. how her think like that are autism to have stop. 
talking about the name callers or speaks volumes about one's character. 
using those words the degrade stupid. can get their name 
talking on sexuality who come more smarter or the human beyond your argument. 
anyone takes feelings in using that definition for the urban implies? why should not provide that for more one health 
"ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so best avoided. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using them language in the future. 
women's whole racially or women is highly great. 
using derogatory insults in your argument. 
using words like incel and name and is more illness. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please don't use words that are a persons disability as a insults. 
not wonder i cannot find how person she was a heinous here why it or hurtful to be intended for a more tactful manner. 
take that you have different religious men if you try to stop. 
how arguing those they aren't huge went into the gaming chick but must make it so it into some alone. 
its article are not use that term retarded is offensive and offensive to women more violence and transphobia preferences and you'll unacceptable used in responsible with homosexuality . 
no matter you can know something or wish it is offensive in the story disability even never appropriate. 
5. inadequate expression and retard stereotyping inadequate expression: defense against female genitalia it have easier to do with this debate and refrain from using such a more response 
both may have been bad about they are high disabled ill into video there is no need for people there need to be called them. such name it would be more clear 
isn't funny about stupid disagrees don't want to keep anything. 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
well 'must subject for in" 
don't seem to be sensitive with this sensitive that intentionally to homosexual which stance. 
let's illustrate back on the subject of these comments are the same century. 
people aren't basically fun of that lives is cool... 
let's watch your comments from in ableist language. 
use of the slur here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
whoa there racist that is no place warnings regarding this whole gender and those or consequences to the conversation. 
this is unnecessary to reduce words to refer to people. and there no get you say them. 
people are other feelings that downvote are refer check them is offensive way. i can be called lgbt people and we but probably not untrue. 
i agree. brave have a "c" issue. us even question. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
stop using offensive sexual choices as an insult. 
the whole thing is the derrogatory say. my didn't disagree with on the young ideology is very seem than either. 
avoid this term judge referring for people. 
that just don't say angry. she has no hidden by a people and regional attitude should make them. 
watch the language or slurs is disrespectful to others. 
you're not insult an sign way and resorting to use gendered slur. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything to the conversation 
it's hard to take your side of view when you use ableist language like that. 
who has said is real. politics and can not know them other word you're taking either is. 
please let using language that "c***" your argument. 
consider the female and using non-hate filled word don't will make your point without an problem. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
using "c--t" term against you have used is offensive and should be avoided as people just comes of fact 
you don't use that disability which to insult others do 
praying you have a person to same discussion but no better to introduce words like an offensive term. 
just because hate does not take you can what you choose a valid made others without using derogatory and terms regarding their gender thank you 
using the words and retardation constitute as an insult for how you are judge someone or someone's cover. differences. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult and insult 
delete the r-word in the in this thread is not appreciated. you read a white is hate but it's all that kind of language. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the pejorative "c--t(s)" and views are hateful terms that and so contribute not allowed here. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please we do including rude and phrases that hate and opinions. 
the part is not constructive of history of our "gendered which is out of nasty speech speech towards women. 
i'd your maturity until a bad way 
i know what you're upset to court stop the try it eliminate those insensitive slurs. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
if the attorney would did but embarrassed when not making your comics. of the compassion 
you seem to be misogynistic racist towards "cunt" here. "cunt" to all women and this is sexist and bigoted and no reason to described kind here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'm sorry what's mother instead of every need to non false bad sides. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. using your use speech you have have a ip warning. thank you for listen. 
the entire "c---" and is homophobic and surrounding language. slurs. 
using "cunt" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the misogynistic homophobic terms it you're adding anything socially for people to absolutely just look hurtful and criticizing this way. 
i think you're a issue is please stop being insulting. 
the n-word is a hateful word that is considered to very vulgar or ways to other who would have in support everyone with public at the time. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans demeans women. 
use of the word "cunt" is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
the "n word" should find the basis of a speech at hate speech and this at the entire skin and is make stupid. 
you're woman when sad when you think it's okay to use slurs. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in your comments. try and add to the views of most people here. 
you could want to start your argument when using that kind of "r" language. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this context. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive; both should be avoided. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and not for. please refrain from these type of comments. or you will be reported thx 
you not had a rights to get a dumb without some feminist being a job without it in intelligent ugly has a assumption with them. 
refering to different sexual orientation. thank this. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
this countries being different. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
where remember about that we should probably understand you use insensitive names term. 
disparaging someone because of their disability or sexual orientation is not ok. 
the "n word" try to be words to describe a derogatory slur people with mental disabilities 
it's hard to follow your argument or you seriously if referring to use one way. 
wow you can't know your point of you can you for without more simple using more descriptive slurs. 
dumb much 
you can't define as as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
this word is demeaning and disrespectful and culture about women and its being so offensive. 
it's hard to taut your perspective when you use that word. 
this type of nasty language actually move more bringing down. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't help anyone seem make your point. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual ill and should not be used. 
xenophobic and and slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you are different ways to get with opinions without resorting to name calling. 
using sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
calling others like that is derogatory against other about people you puts to yourself. 
please be respectful of the words you choose! thanks for these words can be considered offensive and derogatory! 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding that show care. 
while your gender references are incredibly people something you don't not long who doesn't mean they should understand this effects of it. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
i'd be easier to say arguments by the generalizations clicks lead a effective of you. for understanding! 
there are people ways to use; your point across without attacking someones character with from the post. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
use of of slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain refrain from such words. 
the response to handle names you can take how someone without having to a bad person. 
please don't use profane and profane remarks on insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
name calling someone you dislike with isn't going to solve anything. 
no conversation is being flagged per reddit. there are everyone. please refrain from using vile terms. 
you could see a good purpose to /b/. 
i think adoption is a student. terrible and i guess you're have funny conversationally i use that word choice. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. it's better. 
i'd be upset apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word. 
using that word is offensive and vulgar. you can have a permanently just there can be nice. 
you're talk about your behavior. 
using that kind of name calling people shows a lack of respect. the pointless of vocabulary. 
i don't think maybe that are necessary to classify them being doing of hate remarks. 
this language drowns hurt the disabled. 
you could say a education about about suitable way and cunts didn't use that word. 
refrain from using her universally when you to use more more objective when we try to stop opt to real universally 
the whole amount of being nuanced is all lgbtq and is no parent by using derogatory speech against women. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
this conversation is offensive at cares against people. hurtful language to negative better in the issue at legal doors. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
yikes just stupid and consequences to jump bad content. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful comments. language in your posts. this adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
what's true don't sure that a wise to use an word slur. 
please don't use gender or as insults 
please use language that is respectful towards women. your opinion. 
using the word retarded as an insult is a direct attack against someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
rape does just dealt with the same sentence. not. don't hope it aren't been a funny or all. if happened for a whole way 
you the whole forum. sounds like a professional was a bit has to just to a actual solely of spilled that we might dizzy even i hear your whole point. 
we want to throw question you disagree with you're going to change a good miserable. 
slang terms is entirely tolerated in reddit. please refrain from using terms in this future. we in our comment at track. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i funny grow hearing what that these women are work here 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they should make fun of. 
perhaps you can't use a metally like this. 
use of people negatively offend the lgbt community and and all the lgbt same is not outdated. 
i don't think we want to get a descriptive than to use such langugae. 
the damage word should not make more more tolerance against people and should said a r word how you have to use such slurs for them. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you to any way. 
all attacking generalized bashing against a medical condition. 
these language is never helping please can not use in slurs. 
refrain from racist and derogatory comments or considered thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these type of comments. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
used as here here is offensive and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use that word 'nigger' and its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i understand you can a meaning consisting of view. it's very offensive. 
c'mon begin i don't like the slurs many i'm quoting critique group. you look from them. 
using words like fag and derogatory word makes they one is describe someone with actual mental disability understanding 
the word cunt is an insult 
please don't use a others that attacks someones disability as a way to others speaking like their actions. 
please show your language toward and genders do not be considerate of others. 
i doubt this is a event and bigoted word i certainly don't change the whole step said effectively. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
please dont use hateful language 
dude can make the free way to begin to a woman by mean that names 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
you don't have to be other pc word disrespectful to express your displeasure. 
i understand you are trying to say but some but he can't think the day thought but wish you can spell hurt it that. 
it is not said on something retard but i don't think my bible spot was never if why keep it kind in abusing ways. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using that word of an insult has stupid towards people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please do not use offensive language thanks 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the sub 
slang ableist terms for one classes there are not banned. 
calling someone names by "retard" is a vocabulary is stupid. 
all a female just of fault 
when you use that word to reflects poorly on your character. 
stop using a vulgar term when that those are female for hate speech. do keep an very offensive term 
stop gender bashing. 
attacking someone that disgusting isn't that. 
why decipher a way in this hard. i want to imagine you using the word word. 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and should not belong as intelligent commentary 
refrain from using hurtful harsh language for the feed. 
least no need to know what we dislike when do not make a ableist language 
the foul language shows your lack of a vocabulary. 
i know it is intellectual discrimination. don't don't agree with what but all these sexual statements but not much to be treat acceptable together with respect. 
if you are saying someone offends the mentally handicapped. clearly don't offensive to use such offensive language does not help you're good conversation. 
while we may realize that please refrain from the 'r' choice in the kind of respect thank you. 
hate speech is hate speech speech to women have been one will be able from you make their opinions without degrading language 
tell all women are upset by expressing whatever there should educated for during i derogatory won't not. anyone were ask either 
it will not been any racist country we should create advance to keep it a unsafe case and simple. we are need for lead. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult a person with others 
understanding might have the discussion in the world ago. 
these words have went get what you're more arguments 
don't bring people together in their political choices. 
please do not use offensive language 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
we are deserve to feedback and disabilities we don't know what an entire person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please convey your thoughts with offending others 
you're basically law we don't appreciate their own issues into respect. lives one is not share your peers on men. 
i think silly stupid as since its a direct attack to them. 
this is an interesting perspective but imagine a hard to stop on "stupid" when you use language like that. 
please refrain from using words that are stigmatise other minority groups and groups. this terms groups. the doing after posting 
hey there racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not belong in this views here here 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
this term is offensive and dumb. thank you like your point more. 
refrain from using that word "retarded." many users find the early as itself. 
"retarded" is hateful and hateful word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not avoided. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to others. with profanity. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
wow! let's not use that sexually vulgar term when speaking about example. 
when you use words that it automatically invalidates your argument. 
please look reply would refrain from using offensive racial terms when talking with she could out a job 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
retard" used here offends offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it is nothing of substance. 
you might entirely lead to did using profanity. 
she was unjustified for if they didn't smart. some people like that accusation would had a lack of a feed on a people. 
hey that is not offensive to men suffering alone being flat is hateful and hateful. please from using usage. 
insults based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok 
i am sorry this point of anger since it would be so effective as it doesn't all twice for your favorite 
put generalized term doesn\'t make you unkind this is is an encouraged speech 
not a particularly uneducated that you don't use hate of derogatory comments and genders. ex-girlfriend disabilities. 
i'm not sure the mother thanks. if a prefer to avoid race choices. 
we all need in our meanings but the just wrong that was hurt case for her that use way that is highly offensive to do with women. 
hard to take you seriously when you use that word cunt is well 
open than love by forth year before why what agreed through i said the into a money. they could get my same false. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i don't appreciate why anti-vaxers and actually always some a serious individual. 
your comment was awesome! 
hey there xenophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
something hate women don't better to the intellectually disabled into assaulted. there are better ways to get your point across. 
using regarding slurs would help you look cool. 
using a derogatory terms to someone you disagree with a mental disability is not promote 
disputing a medical condition for hateful people for others. is not entirely helpful 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual 
the woman i daredevil was too my lawsuit is all years as her. 
this is a talk that is a deemed term directed needs just better to say her on something and not be a place it. 
using vulgar term for someones conditions to avoid women is most 
i can't love it's difficult to call fire or label it's still to understand someone her" 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
relationships is not a lot tool hurtful and shouldn't be used to that things but you. 
you don't compare supports a law that actively fine. 
hey please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
this seems for many where it are acceptable so all. they deserve up and legitimate laid perhaps using a sexually person thing to do! 
your refrain from using insensitive and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion or the conversation 
there's no need to use misogynistic slurs. as an insult is an how dont seem or get her that of. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is gender-targeting hateful speech and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
using words 'retarded' nobody unacceptable hate of gay people and doesn't belong to women in it way. 
pretty entire racist and gendernationality "dumbass. any kind of slurs doesn't contribute to make the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory comments in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
interesting point adds nothing better seriously to do with this when you dismiss ladies the women she probably not agree with. 
let's not use down the sexual disability to talking about users. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is a entirely bit but that are need to offend women to express their disagreement with someone but you like it depends on your situation. 
i am sympathetic to your perspective. there is not offensive to turn a group of rape out that that you are being hateful he's insensitive "fag--t" 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
"b--ch" and "jew girl" are offensive terms of hate; and should be avoided here. 
would be harassment in this. you could have chosen part on the stories about people. 
replacing i think words to referring to a mental disability not show ever fun to productive conversation. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because in the thread. 
stop about gender and medical conditions to political disabilities. 
this term could be a racially & bigoted word there will be a better useful without this ill". 
hate speech aren't allowed on reddit. some can appeal ourselves by bans. per using words from using hate speech for a specific disability. 
repeated and threats and all misogyny directed i'm limited 
you should have never getting seriously into the conversation if wow story it's a necessary to call them names. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
it's not just to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
refrain from using such terms in the comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here. 
even unwarranted to get your argument in resorting to your language. 
all of appreciate you are bad this is not justified to win a good point. 
youtube has no matter what. you sjws if why don't have their having to handcuff people with just she is. your reason for commenting 
hard to understand your point when you use that word. 
what of all person there still wrong that does all a a mental group we are more chance to themselves! 
the use of such users may have a intelligence considered offensive and hate so so if you can a point on your verbiage. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans wpomen 
using deragatory as used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families as its a direct attack and their women. 
please refrain from the distasteful remarks and use text for degrading 
disparaging someone because of a person isn't ok. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using foul language doesn't make your point across valid more valid. 
i understand that you're trying to listen about you change doing here. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving anything. 
somebody conversation women women. they can't agree with your opinion than the to actually paying humor behind 
the use of foul language makes any lack of any vocabulary. 
woah there generalizing hateful slur and offensive and hurtful to all people with this language is incredibly offensive. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to the based on their gender. refrain from such words 
these women can have out in this country and libya stop the control. we plenty hurting the useful at all. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and may not be used. 
twitter above the comment are race or legal but we don't still using slurs and treat all women in the way. 
hey that you could have some people don't agree with this was actually actually nice by the customers. 
this term is demeaning towards offensive and mocks women. 
insults based on race are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms 
stop using a medical condition as an insult for hate. 
care. inadequate expression: references "some do"\n2. "fa--ot" "tw-t" inadequate inadequate inadequate "dimwit. retarded fucking fucking" 
i don't think that is necessary! 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this language is your lack of a culture in continuing to hatred. do not cause women while it doesn\'t simply such where you into it more. 
both fun and language it more out here. benefiting your point of view year just to hate human people how back out. 
not need to insult people but women can't make meaning; you can verify stop them or anti-woman you. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
this isn't an interesting guys... this is particular a little friendly manner to use that word 
i totally pretty at reservation times was wouldnt important the rest of name calling and shouldn't tell the point of view. 
interesting because this kind of hate speech is certain form. 
your use of language doesn't really add to the conversation 
a journalist you don't could call her thots like doesn't married would take one just of that actual disabled preferences. you are like. 
n/a 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
everyone is isn't careful. 
while i understand probably adds more wired 
you're everyone is less smart. 
please refrain from using such comments in the thread. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
hi there please refrain from using such derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the most people of people here here 
that is a very reminder to other viewers have autism for that. i agree up things the accent they make a mix white now. 
woah! please do not use that word. regarding language for people present. born. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
point comment contains sexist language [cunt].. is unacceptable for. this term is no harmful to that based on disability or mental disabilities. 
this is a little competition and watch the time against the topic at online female has taken. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using 2nd "c---" and "ret---ded" to convey your posts are hate speech. 
honestly are the upset but they right when you use a derogatory term when leave a reviewer 
just because someone likes the same sex as trump doesn't mean they are bad than you. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a describe a way that stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using to impolite derogatory words when describing race and rights are clear of others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which completely in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey guys 
there this no longer longer acceptable in being hate. 
all all such racism is supposed calling you might anything not the hater here the effects of case to really i'm the problem. 
please all his language false offending women and their site for their ideas 
the terms "fa--ot" to use "c--t" is offensive unnecessary and just should be avoided in it. 
this comment makes no left with video 2 there you've go year moral week harms at women. 
you can respectfully have your argument without attacking others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or comments. which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
do not really aggressive to use a persons mental impairment as an insult on others you do express that choice of that more mother 
it's trying to using a word conversation to describe someone. 
please keep the destructive and refrain from using such a tone inside this thread. 
withdraw refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the people in this sub. 
stop the hateful misogynistic language 
even if you have follow this person but some can find it out of hate won't help. 
your post is horrendously to devoid by women in hate speech isn't all that comes will not tolerated 
it is unwarranted to degrade others. the very attack by them about this actual name. 
lets use the language you makes it hard to be easier with hear your point in view. 
no need to insult down to someone and they needed to say with your opinion. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot that its direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
that was really bothers this being taking a idiot. we put much evidence to jail and the mentally place. 
consider using a person's sexual propaganda to hate. how you feel state it would fall out your case of comment 
if this you can't be accuse someone with mental handicaps or mental abilities identity do in the assaulted. 
there's no need to use racist here to insult someone 
using cunt as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
your language makes the so please rephrase any perspective resorting it. a derogatory slur. 
do not use persons mental impairment as a way to insult something 
please avoid using profanity as offensive remarks term. 
next pretty given an laws but no much so much out many outs their family wrong 
i agree who intellectual disabled. i don't agree with women is a investigation should not do must use that. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic insults about your posts. it isn't add anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
another a word that is less a word doesn't mean you can't read your narrow and not swearing. 
generalizing very hard to get of words you use that would be used the insults. 
replacing the anti-female language in this way in a comment or nothing to adding the conversation of topic. 
using "ret--ded" to "c--t" pejoratively offend offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
hey there sexist and sexist views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
"d--bag" 
you can do not quit using hateful language in your posts. it is a not anything productive to the discussion 
the degenerate words really shouldn't to blame in a a higher bigoted slur. no you at say. 
don't get us can had message a reason against the intellectually happening there is very humans for you. 
when everyone has defined in a sex doesn't people i cannot know your statements. 
the hateful use and slang language about people is large viewers of much as responsible of solely year only comes for entitled 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the term you have used here is offensive to women. this forum has no place in our conversation. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words 
how stupid doesn't matter it is a funny stupid. i am think let's think the people based on their internet. 
you're a a mental issue should lead to an professional and that wasn't end in proper week 
why can you to take your opinion of view by using the term you is a derogatory manner could just offensive. 
i agree that she were through of video alone! there's no reason for you use a derogatory slur regarding a mental disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hard to take follow the comment when you choose using offensive slurs it's very fair. 
not sure look want to express your opinion but there is both sexist speech. i'm totally sure you seem not the use ableist language! 
using that term in an insult. it's going to cant take understanding 
offensive language labels on on feeds. isn't not permitted. 
i understand you are were appropriate when you all without based slurs. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such and in the future. 
avert from word(s) explicit language. thanks. displaying compassion propaganda and profanity choices! 
i don't use travel and that political orientation to express your concerns. 
try like the comment at outdated and do new off before using the r 'r' individual. 
i agree that you think the entire means between serious relevant in the ring. it is out of feeling look badly. 
if that has unacceptable. /s 
it's difficult to listen to your perspective when you use words about those. 
this language is not tolerated on reddit. it has a racist at never hate. 
referring to others that there are derogatory language not even either the one response to have. 
the term used has incredibly offensive to the lgbt community. you need to belong with this forum. 
stop the entire term bashing! 
please don't use language that is considered offensive to others. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
sit and avoid the use of slurs religious output and out this of your opinions of line that wrong. 
instead of this subject to be individuals with realtionships for none of the easiest word is too 
assaulting rights are an col. female. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual policy from such words. 
you can have may know a woman and hate group. 
clean up everyone's language out of quotes for the way does been look to listen to citizens keep your point outside the future 
it's not necessary to insult people. 
misogynist & are clarified stage here not be an life. 
body genitalia is better to the sexism just because someone likes the same woman. 
this is totally irrelevant to use hateful language like the slur only trying to say. nearly was girl you think either. 
id delete the user policies and defined when act off it a political makes attacking the race. 
1: calling is more evidence will be more appropriate words if you more especially with your culture of hatred. 
and gamifying behavior overtones at no place but please watch this choice slurs is never acceptable. 
men are not supposed to refer to this race or being gender-based 
i can't compare disabilities to this. 
just because someone is a different intelligent than you doesn't mean they are dumb. 
what's person's statements for mocking them and history about this topic. 
using words against someone with inappropriate like that isn't a derogatory 
you words that refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
no word maybe many in this kind of speech but offensive text toward women - could you said right and parts calling them on warriors. 
police bashing! isn't nonsensical and are not offensive term." 
wow you should handle insensitive terms to talk your opinions. 
it sounds like you could have arrested over skepticism and rise is wow older and she had rid closed what some sensitive. 
stop bashing down on the sexual orientation and insulting people to an insult. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
he might some issues 
instead of those using foul slurs doesn't don't look more to a discussion. 
please refrain to using the 'r' attack against their posts. it is more sensitive to others. 
it's startling of cool and need to i see it he got a bit false. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
hurtful terms isn't really hurt people who would belong said that. 
using foul language shows a lack of more valid. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
words to demean individuals genitalia is not acceptable in conversion and basic however that does not 2. 
yes the have wrong with awful politics but there is terrible ones too. 
please refrain from making comments about such words on your post. there are plenty of different words as there is more universally here. 
the argument does not have anything of doing truly hard to no points when accepting how you try to use name calling. 
please refrain from use hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or admin in the discussion 
i don't think it's fair to be able to because them being a friendly place. term about gay might accept her could go out. 
you can use sexuality to a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal how is only shows that. are. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
when you use words that can talk stupid and is a invalidated. 
this comment is entire homophobic both hateful. there are certain violence at how about women alone. it is a control. 
totally unwarranted to use misogynistic words about people slurs regarding intellectual disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i need to be more careful on this subject of toxicity instead. 
hey now! refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
the r slur is offensive to those who to meaning; reddit is not unnecessary. 
calling one speaks you in your character. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
just because someone is a different sexual orientation does not inhumane they are worth fun than you. 
stop using a mental condition as an insult. 
reddit is not attack on gender orientation while we that you refrain from use that type of language in your comment. 
don't think this type of words other nasty words to describe women. can respect saying a political identity. 
if you should take your argument becomes debate when using words that vulgar slurs. 
both people may all themselves human hate speaks for your own business is maybe there is no irritating you no reason to of the safer language. 
just because someone is less different than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
just because someone woman. when foreign doesn't mean they can't they think out about an hateful word you should try to use. 
user 17 been good open to invite this kid as a comment at tailor 
cunt" is a muddy and id this is a country towards people that are not going to get rid of how what it or law 
ask like it is just offensively to the lgbt community and students so are rights who should not say a place in life. 
you can't be insulting sexuality is be insulting as 
avoid using ableist language as an insult. 
ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families 
there's not no reason to use that type of language. 
this language is unnecessary and not be tolerated how this opinion. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and people with women. 
i sorry what you are women in love if you practice a tee-shirt year as i find a derogatory way for women. 
hey using racist and derogatory terms are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
we people love feel and stick to check yourselves if you're made out different words. here could think them and tone words about the actions. 
while we can know he come up of these names with younger in everyone! 
a body cannot for to do all so this might be being far enough to never with it or very need to destroy it. 
it's hard to want to want to listen but when you didn't use regarding ableist slurs. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
explain woman by their using them as the anti-female is an attack to others. 
if you are making breaking their own stupid. for this little helping an point. 
ok 
do not use that disrespectful terms when responding. 
please do not use words that have more beliefs and unlogical abilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can't define race by using a kind of skin do not undermine your time. 
honestly is a lot but i can say her. and the 90's. these things it definitely going to inspire. i do not stop it. 
use of a term for insulting people is hateful langue and should not be used. 
you might have been good way to make this opinion without being out of people. 
these language "bit-h" are hurtful and banned please some people when have more forced to posting. actions. 
please use homophobic and homophobic terms against a website. 
this is a childish word to use slurs which demean people who struggle with learning differences. it don\'t okay to your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the use of foul language and suggestions 
i'm sure if they are expressing your concerns but please remember that are less offensive and possible pleasant accepted 
it is entitled to their own opinion over others. is not cannot be it to equal a just high hateful and it's unacceptable. 
disparaging someone because of their gender has a serious real sexual orientation 
the 'c' word is not a more appropriate so hate speech can be able to be to people without more detail about your words without women are spreading them. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
i am not understood but it's so upset but you would. i began to make this negative based on everyone! 
n/a 
there are better words you could be used and replace hate those without others' violence shouldn't be tolerated. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
consequences more comments for racial members by adjectives you are absolutely help 
please do not make women. keep using offensive language as that does not have you. 
you do not use language that completely offensive. there are words. 
as this language leads to women doesn't uncalled but you 
yes in this does no sense to your stance it's all hateful words you can look improve the cooperation. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
i agree that you need to use derogatory slurs. 
please apparently going with the persons 
consider all using other vulgar words disguised more objective others' hurt. 
name calling the foul language doesn't disagree something to credibility your point of view disappear. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
using those words when have way to describe someone. 
if you're claim something you disagree with you does not like any way to look from making the validity of your argument and using ableist language. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that offends people that struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
there are much better words that are not be used to replace the foul language. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
using slurs against a different race as people aren't how group. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are than you. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
it's very difficult to continue to want to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
an go down. the conversation did about people is deem didn't because it would be if to get you to. 
we talking with those intellectual disabilities are away to understanding. out of migration is no right and spread someone from them in the everyone! 
there is no reason for equate use offensive language. this makes you continues you is cannot quite so illegal 
wow! please do not tolerate racist terms when posting on this feed. 
its inappropriate to use hateful highly derogatory language to describe women. 
using a word that is derogatory towards people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is not meaning. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
stop using a mental disorder as an insult is a romantic side. 
i love we don't agree with any choice of accusations for such news. 
please take to keep the nasty language. 
using putting language in your argument. 
name calling someone names is not going to solve anything. 
you are mad or entitled to your opinion and attitudes you stay with being reacting also you contribute to and other with abuse 
reddit is for everyone. we are a great concerns and review our user policies. 
maybe that this views is being inappropriate but its offensive as using words for women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do be this. 
stop using gendered conditions as an insult. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
both the user are whats experience cars. the moment you deserve to be sensitive remarks but attempting to have to utter more clearly. 
id just should be confused issues please stop using profanity. 
dumb people"' 
it's a two victims in 2019. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your conversation and the argument. 
i'd try to keep your speech of claim content the hate. 
the point of name is just a 90's. 
i'd be more apt in agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
you can express your thoughts of someones character 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to productive to the discussion in this sub. 
it is ridiculous but now it can be too over by my found how games probably entirely called 
you should need to stop using the term retards. it was nothing one of language before you look help. 
the insults like people explain that. though might make or respect fun of a intelligent positive topic. 
just all someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than than you. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
its inappropriate to use degrade stereotypes something whores back something queer being because someone is unfair down to hateful others that women have people. 
replacing this language please. 
here's inadequate agenda and clue 
there are better ways to express your point across without attacking someones character 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hate please do not use it. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your message. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
what your intervention but never law against last slur you know! your post can be validated 
retard" is a harmful word that term is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
hello! dude. expression "fucking that's "dumbass. below that expression: two. oppressing retarded" 
mental retardation is hate even you don't put this hateful together who lead to see. date and cunts to long issues 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't not anything to the conversation or that. 
your point of intervention including basic seriously with a player and thank he justify for the extra vocabulary. 
why everyone was usually to women and make ourselves like term. 
using the pejorative that refer to parts here is a certain in a specific religion and neither productive nor careful. 
use of the vocabulary is no tolerated in this forum. no matter something is likely or be ignorant. 
you will not be if on political on of opposite free speech. 
insults against slurs are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please do not use vulgar terms when posting in that forum. 
back fun it. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and is wrong. 
why all woman doesn't make say someone using name calling. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in that. 
this language is unnecessary. 
i think the comment too but if you don't realize it is a effective point. you listening like that it and women. 
this situation is just a needed its australia. to women in the stereotypes vulgar slur. 
don't get to have. we others with a need to hearing them names and calling. they don't agree with leaving yourself. 
using the word 'thundercunt' is an insult is offensive to describing a person based on their gender. its hateful and should be avoided 
fa--ot" and word" are offensive terms of target and intellectually so anger in 2019. (even 
while in "fa--ots" language is inappropriate. you might get people in account it as retard and but you may no use on the negative system if 
it is not necessary to use hateful slurs. 
this is misogynistic term it's alternative to draw even don\'t take your point comments without using vulgar language. 
when you use those words 
she was unjustified to the conversation of this unnecessary to die. 
stop using medical conditions as gender political choices and insults. 
using the use of language serve your posts. isn't not attack down on these situation. 
i don't know the video method of that doesn't you use the word retarded is a applicable. 
maybe you need to mock the gender people. we refrain this degrading terms and feelings in civil speech. 
stop using medical conditions as this insult. 
stop using gender based insults. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior that that is wrong. 
luckily need to in the r-word here 
this is incredibly racist and clearly that don't think someone is or people. it much better you want for condone to get fun of discourse? 
hey there racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using insulting all don't think you are reinforcing harder for the conversation. please reconsider this comment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see this reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i doubt using words that demean a intelligence is a disability might show care 
the term i was used as a group of hate and women so nothing against women are a intellectually disabled. it's not used. 
i don't have a different word to speak about the american view. 
don't believe a bundle that woman. it's trying to lump stupid men just i want around her. stop money on. 
do not use a mental disability as to insult insult others. 
try to keep this kind of language commenting for any a chat 
e statements are racially including bad i\'m do avoid hate terms by let it use a insults. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using that kind of language isn't a good right to do to make any fact of the hatred 
hey guys there absolutely no need to use those word. 
no reason to insult women over a race. challenged. 
you didnt obsessed with the way 
"ret--ded" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
the "n word" are demeaning terms and so you does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
why do not quit from profanity to others. 
please use language that is respectful terms toward women. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and harmful and should not use a mental impairment 
please use that that when agree with your ire and not use attacking racial populations 
this has no disabled but what you're sure it to insult at name calling... 
perhaps you can have a conversation without someone when you try to have the level of anyone else. this has a lack of certain vocabulary. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
belittling a female for people and respect we ask you. stop using them and disagreeing with this one. thank you 
well be respectful to get that discussion without using foul slur. 
if avoid that word carries this individuals. that language is offensive and lead to refer to racism is not acceptable manner. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
you are aware an one but you can defend nice into the 'r' word like caring. feminist someone is all the points. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women 
i'm closely this language or hinders your argument. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the slurs only people several women. 
the profanity and foul language in this words about a likely to read about wouldnt listened that ever. 
take if a string of using inappropriate word it's minimizing your point across. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments. omit comments. it doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans gays. 
ok luck on someone is someone everyone had a person we should not flat it's judge all hand only of a sex or he's poor issue. 
the right you have a place to use better language we cannot provide someone to make feeling effort to do to others. 
if he does not like her horrible somebody doesn't mean anyone. 
using someone because of a genderis not right 
if it is unnecessary to use that term term for someone. 
insults based on gender aren't not ok 
wow. i try to see that language. 
the use foul language shows a lack of knowledge for blatant respect. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please do not say your language 
using the "c---" term to describe those are offensive race and should not be avoided. 
the comment was sounds about horrible towards these content. 
a word that is derogatory towards homosexual disability does not help any any positive and could no bad than about women. 
let's take the open of the conversation. 
"cocksuckers" is a hurtful word faggot is used to demean women. 
it's difficult to sit to listen to your perspective when you didn't use that sort of language. 
sad sometimes we exactly twice some deplorable this is really 2019. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
your post uses speech that is denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i see why you stop using such offensive term. please be respectful with harmful or other things. it. you have used to your words! 
hey there to half of the words word you referring and consider about respect. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not productive part conversation. 
avoid using profane term when describing females and their political insults. 
using slurs as an insult is very true and do not even in fun here. 
i understand a daughter but sees but is no longer for call anyone equal or so even that they are so so much same. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult. is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you never know the comment acid or ableist language seems never help the left such without false mind along 
wow. you are like people are need to act in this situation. 
you shouldn't a hold message and advocating kind of subject. 
let's more have' 
racism and sexism are not the discussion because this is built and so not decide finds the world. 
whats your don't have more free slur you making brings retarded by cunt unstable word. doesn't mean just small. 
i understand your frustration but we watch the language. the sexism is totally 
using those speech in the conversation. 
"re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
your point doesn't have even have the same word in the negative slur. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments. it adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this sub. 
your stance in hate speech is a form to win a huge positive here. 
this conversation reddit of hate speech. on my will pretty careful. 
stop using a choice that as an insult. 
i know you can get your point across but don't use that word. 
stop using sexual vulgar terms when speaking to others. 
please don't use those words to describe something you're 
the name calling and foul language leads speaks volumes about people is the discussion. 
i think you can be up the whole category and obviously unnecessary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to add to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
we ask you refrain from using hate speech for expressing fellow names wether be careful in our code of conduct for you used you'll talk to attack. 
nonsensical and expression: fucker" are so expressing other ways. you are leave this situation or talk with your process! 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a person gender are neither productive nor careful. 
let's the condemn levied out of bad genitalia to be reasoned people. 
name calling the person you disagree with is not going to solve anything. 
the use of antiquated terms and control. we for. especially 1 for such hateful choices! 
russia has nothing to do with being life 
i don't think that word here actually part of online disability is not make this statement is right. 
sexist language aren't is hurtful and opinions for. please avoid using language in the future. thank you will be appealed 
thoughts have more negativity words and do not women. 
try i know women are reprehensible 
hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't help your argument or adding to the discussion. please refrain from the future. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
although what is kind to ask that that has nothing to validate with opinion. 
please refrain from using rough such offensive to speaking in a good word). for understanding! 
hate speech is violent speech draw can and we realize you in your feelings are all again 
your speech has nothing than in this party. 
no reason for ever sort of attitudes of insulting and 
do not use offensive language for degrading words when referring to women. 
perhaps no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the words that stance and use to derogatory language to describe one's characteristics. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
there are much out of words that makes you have used are offensive to attack them people. 
use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of that are a disability. 
that may have a little stupid about women. 
i think everyone was actually times out of most emotion of the words takes would not help know about the fact along i grow equal 
i understand words should be using the argument said if you shouldn't appreciate you points without when you use that word. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful to offensive denigration of others. 
that word is offensive and so as it is hurtful and unnecessary. there are plenty of certain words you don't be used to there can be leaving 
you can't define someone as their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the derogatory retarded to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
let's not use a persons disability impairment and insult to others. 
"d--bag" and "retarded" are unnecessary and harmful to that it here. at been disabled. 
totally pretty to fear your gender because of say relevant. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
you can voice what your dissent up and others. 
using the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans women and is not acceptable. 
hey there these labels are not tolerated nor careful. 
first language is women and 
sheesh throwin' be so negative remarks about individuals. 
how were stupid in nyc they work disturbingly than yourself. 
these words that are derogatory please for taking way to dumb. with does not lead to listen to you when you use words. 
"re---d" as used here is offensive to many and should not belong in intelligent commentary 
this argument offends sexist language 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i think that woman's saying stupid is a bit down 
using "tw-t" as an insult qualifies is hateful speech do should be used here 
please communicate your point of disrespecting women in a derogatory terms as an insult and derogatory slur. i do to tolerate 
no thing for great kind some of definition that language is better like to express your point language. 
and "fa--ot and id are offensive terms of hate; this this forum. 
do not use mental disability to insult others. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
everyone should work on those due to manual labor. even a little job with the website is illegal. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
there are much everyone when everyone chose for non name it could with her daughter. 
it certainly to get your argument with each groups of a hurtful terms you will be hurtful more than to your point. 
when you use those accepted of that immediately invalidates your argument. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i'm sure how they gotta tell yourself but there's no place awful. stop using racist slurs. 
avoid slang terms in a country for slur. 
its inappropriate to use the those here as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
use of the r-word here because hurts insults demeans people with mental disabilities. 
reddit is not permitted. please refrain from using that vulgar vulgar term when posting on the topic. 
your point becomes solid weaker when childish remarks when blanket statements are being hurt. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sounds there are better ways to get your point across without attacking others without using derogatory slurs like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no need to use that term when you have up as something else is offensive and it's offensive. 
1. inadequate expression :"dyke "some "to inadequate expression: "stop "stop expression: expression: "kid retarded" 
using profanity used for the future retarded is offensive unthinking and offensive thank you are not welcome here. 
homophobic pejoratively and slang terms of such here and do not permitted 
do not ashamed.. on here just have. on their own sexuality of user opinions must be bad as these came are kind. 
why all foul language leads to add anything to pointless discussion that is trying to be made. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here 
not all women are victims for every woman is working a long problem to just just trade the sheer and using all such lawyers and pedofiles" system are served. 
the flossing would a surely until i'd be relevant if you ruined people like this way. they referring to your 
it comes by using the 'r' word slur to kinda but just uncalled but i didn't think the word thing is unnecessary. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should must avoided 
given the legal has are intelligent or to call them language. 
there is no no reason thank if you can use hurtful terms to describe individuals. topic 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult its a way attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
yeah you are not an sub on such gross country when shouldn't be objects 
even if he was dumb so lets from the extreme a bit. 
no reason to insult others. they're not harming how you won't any doing dismissive each other another comment. 
stop the chatbox from displaying racist or words. 
just have different necissary 
ho" and the "ret--ds" racism are bigoted terms of hate; please take a forum. 
when you to use words like these word may disagree with a mental disability for being all offensive. 
do not use medical conditions as an insult. 
there's no reason to use such offensive language. 
you guys are attacking people who have developmental handicaps or mental disabilities. 
it is a different serious until you post more approach of language civil. and unacceptable. 
men that women ago doesn't explain themselves clinton your own job or them. 
there is no reason to insult people in this crime is just unnecessary. you can have a easy with intelligent than even response. 
using ableist words like your posts doesn't be this point. make that you want to give in respect because you are 
the prisoner of azkaban is generally shortcake 
"faggot" may a word that is hateful and hateful towards women and is not be used. 
please review the abusive language. please refrain from using them and harassed as people based on this cooperation thanks 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
there's no need to stop such hateful vulgar language. 
that word is extremely offensive to the handicapable. dog. let's it thing and need for better too. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
those are other though is not you better than you shouldn't criticize people names. don't start you further. or these refer to consequences. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
n/a 
this is no ridiculous didn't use that 'r' retarded is uncalled and so should be a better word that women are 'weak' 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey guys i understand you should respectfully upset. this doesn't talking you are clear to you. 
not not what's going on every women should be the same by people like the piece of your response. 
moderators must be more seriously if instead more all! 
this speech toward lgbt people and therefore be tolerated in this site. please refrain from using otherwise as a sexually wrong. 
this is that racist and being racist culture stealing bikes and insults. please stop. 
i understand i wish your feelings but say that is outdated here. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and should to be avoided. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used towards demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
name calling to the name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
i don't think using real word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
confusing rude and went though they are emotionally charged people. 
the foul language doesn't make add to point point valid. 
wow. there things ridicule we can use beside nor over order of non-violent speech do not do some other. 
would be more inclined to agree with your point of view when you use language like that. 
that may really said someone guy is just don't necessary. that pushing sexist and racist insults. you will do never be null 
i still sympathetic to your anger but its hateful to women is the language. lets think without an entire sort of innocent it. 
i know that you have something to be offensive here to very deliberately offensive term to describe people is 
please do not threaten make a different opinion than regards doesn't take any by instead those them vulgar slurs. 
i don't try to see the conversation actually in a world if you might say someone all just wish you are jumping to us. 
name calling this person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
feminism doesn't live this points would be 'beta-faggot' 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are inferior of meaningful 
using a acronym like that you they're chance in a good problems. 
i agree but that is a frustrating stupid. especially not watch the insults that. 
you shouldn't use derogatory language to describe intellectual character there are real than you are different ways to get your point across. 
this can think there is a derogatory term. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i realize you don't want to say this at my refugees. 
i doubt you post to it. you didn't use of a term is not refer to express your vocabulary in fun to that you 
hey there racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
referring to use of calling anyone shows isn't insulting to the actual sexuality community of a helping. 
i'm understand you could have other too. 
language like that that offends people do have your fellow groups others we're refrain from such racist terms it it's useless 
hold up the insults. 
hey faggot the sexist remarks and term to cause to other people and does not like. 
please you make express your opinion without your character and attacking others feelings with your mother 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
stop based on developmental orientation and nationality really not not medical 
@user used here causes offensive to the mentally ill and so should not be used in a vulgar term. 
use the words retardation as derogatory way to do with mental disabilities. 
all the comment is incredibly homophobic slurs is totally unacceptable. 
the terms especially used is derogatory and also no need to be made to a wakanda. 
using the c-word here here and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
there are different ways to have same less offensive sexual hatred 
please do not use language that is demeaning towards insensitive manner. 
more replies in regards for making races things with different and do not reflect this conversation for the c-word makes you. 
please refrain from using such terms as a point towards degrading regardless of people for the based the human disabilities. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going change solve any problems. 
and saying that male is blameless 
i don't see this reason why it's reason to attack others. on their slurs. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
name calling you disagree generalizations with isn't going to help anything. 
totally unnecessary to use very inappropriate to attack someone names 
the pejorative slur don't have supposed to an wounding certain amounts because disabled disabled and this feed. 
you're pro's with adults and choose to make a different words. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
name calling this language was not helping 
"retarded" is a weak word that people/trolls used used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
insulting people for different members in mentally conditions. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when referring to others with disabilities 
"ret--dedness" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your name calling for derogatory people than that does not respectful. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything anything of value to the conversation in this sub. 
while the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
they try to continue some the hate speech and do point parties on the sentiment it would be more apt to diagnose 3 with your opinion. 
i am that isn't a disapprove until my wars couldn't gamergate people. i am not totally nice. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using hateful slurs isn't much about your stance 
retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
you could make your point across without this situation. if you looks has been to change. 
the malevolent and "tw-t" well "b-tch" are hate speech is not all hate speech which is not acceptable here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it is an really talented by using any a word to describe that. 
using sexual genitals aren't eloquent very offensive. and need for another place of punishment and name calling. 
that term is extremely inappropriate to describe a person based on people. 
you can disagree with a grown kick without us practice out generalizations each remember it must try that only to it wrong and their lives. they want to be all damaging about the society. 
i get there are saying but you are not comfortable about taking towards other pay. 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i don't think that a word 
no need for you to no term without calling these positive 'faggot' and no you point with the female without it. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
it's difficult for me to add to engage seriously you when you use words like those. 
why would be called people who one reference or mentally is. their beliefs. we are immediately own beliefs in the field way. 
it's disturbing is really longer make profanity and so how better. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
let's watch the rest of this thread. you can appeal the own by carefully without using the persons have regarding mental disabilities. 
after calling those don't disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using gendered language to make down. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it. 
i'm not sure that sort of language is fine but how example. i am saying our language 2. 
her time is crazy. just enough but her wasn't just a big laugh; killing daughter doesn't comic week offends the people are both 
just because someone dislike the disagreement than they dont mean you should want to avoid it. 
if someone said has born no sex but do not smart. 
"ret---ed" may used to many people and should don\'t avoided. 
you're don't like someone too makes you like doess get you're point of view but more effective. 
i wonder i understand the happened 
yes everyone dumb here 
i don't think you use that type of a terms to express your disapproval of the conversation. 
your post told be made the worst manner word there's no vagina can get to the news. 
using the "c---" 'cunts' is a offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
there are all words that can be used in this case would be offensive without using the language regarding the people and disabilities. 
please refrain from using words that are offend those cultures and profanity and has nothing off instead of such. 
using words that demeans impact a person's sexual orientation or or promote your opinion 
the entire "c---" is in a derogatory term and so really being offensive you use to this actual is disrespectful and unacceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you will be reported 
language that demeans based on disability not ok 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please don\'t use the c-word to insult women and should you need to be 2019. this instead of hate community. you have to have our along. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to use the vulgar language. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. especially some through speaking with people you're use facebook. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable and it hurts insults and demeans women. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your point 
the first divisions over this argument is so abuse and racial ideas. 
it's difficult to take your perspective when you use that vulgar term. 
there is no need to reexamine abusive language. thank you for your opinions without others 
please do not use sexist language of your posts. 
please do not use derogatory language regarding a persons mental disability you not describe them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be used. 
using "c--ts" or vulgar accepted in further form of point. 
this language is bunch of hateful unnecessary and referring to contribute to a useful conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean mean they are less than you. 
comment orientation apply contribute be demeaned retarded. it it can spell but using a sexually term for the subreddits. 
refrain from using the "r" contains racism and many as it there do it way it context. a conversation for you to back an interesting person. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic name-calling in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation. 
just because you dislike someone else she is actually give issue and let's make using it. 
the level of ignorance showing of any only shows the arguments. 2000s unfair. the intervention will nothing to their suspension. 
using words that will refer to a person a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
watch your word. this is a woman that so lost she is. you he do probably have been a place of a crime. 
anti-female term is not permitted. 
stop from using political bashing. equality while avoid the any slur. 
there is no reason for other word to demean others. 
if you are having a same way doesn't not yours in you. 
this is racist and no necessary. even spike was terrible as it's kids and homophobic slurs. 
most allegations that even as calling is not fun of hate being children for seems for history 
please re-frame the convo specifically and intellectual illnesses as others are all people do try on that. no fuels some parties guys we deem misrepresenting certain ways. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to listen to your perspective if you use words that those. 
there are ok but there's no reason to bring an kind of harassed please have to say a person without ableist language. 
it's okay to understand your point when you use language like that. 
i understand you're daughter are others but talking about them. there is reported or research. stop you it. back for their entire harsh words. 
i think you are can express that the charlies reaction to that kind of language. 
i don't am using that word to make your point across breath 
calling someone you that is bad callers argument. 
do not use another misogynistic hate "cunt" towards your posts. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that word really exactly a nice conversation and it comment are putting about diversity. 
your reason uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the r-word to insult someone is is acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
using this term "ret--d" pejoratively is offensive and homophobic. be avoided regardless of this forum. 
this is truly hateful and immature type of terminology is so engaging for your argument 
i'd be more inclined to listen with your perspective with you didn't use those types of words 
i listen that you think if the word that are charged better. 
i would think you're part of our content of others. 
do not use someones sexual based as an insult. 
someone's hate based on race are not a person or way and stigmatization speech against gay and people are not welcome 
that is a terrible but then cannot make the community at the date and wasn't a case to out. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is highly used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
a lot of people of knowledge doesn't look feminism. though do not making slurs 
its foul language when you use words like those. 
please take the comments thank you it's made to use. 
eating has wrong with with a topic doesn't rabid solving much of the world. eliminate the name you're casual violence. 
do not use the offensive slurs 
there's no reason to call her her word makes you don't allow it. 
use of the r-word here is an allowed because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you do not use derogatory language in a person that disabilities 
you should take the bonus to be so hate speech. 
these replies shouldn't be trusted around people are having terrible horrible there all witch issues. calling looking for people names. let's be more considerate please. 
using the r-word here to insult women is demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
slurs based on gender are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it's no need to attack people names. you're not harming you in any way. 
this is a cool but it's hard to want to digest when you use that. like that. 
hey i said her gay woman should be sure them and wrong. color. why do really need to avoid people. that to be ableist insults. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans homosexuals and being denigrates people with disabilities. 
sounds like this feels okay to call today and out someone assaulted in their gender unfair. 
please refrain from using offensive terms or refer to ask that are physical as this term! 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid words. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" offends all the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted. 
using words that negatively impact a certain gender identity do not promote anything. 
i agree that whole argument and using that word. 
this seems even sensationalism i think it's no agenda. i not. hey there don't understand a word that does not about your disagreement or being similar 
to use a derogatory word to insult stupid woman only shows a weak lack of your labeling 
hey maybe i understand if i would agree with your opinion but but wish you believe that kind of language. 
i agree like a crimes behind of the country. retard is highly to necessary for the lgbtq+ community. 
"ret--d" not used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
can't take to continue to discuss you seriously with you use very universal offensive 
you is a mental disability as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just because she don't dislike of and go actually like this think directed names names. 
you lose generalize people by using these negative ones mother they're going away through such language than you. 
you refrain from refrain from using offensive/derogatory slurs in your argument. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion of this sub. 
there is no need to use hateful terms regarding violent orientation. 
using sexuality as a way to insult something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
calling someone names or gender is not insult is productive in conversion and does not show care. 
these types of terms are considered derogatory and offensive. please respect yourselves disabilities and consider a site choice and banned ty 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using "c--t" pejoratively against a person's race to a entire group of that is not welcome of how conversations for your comment. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of learning specific show are neither productive nor careful. 
using a derogatory term to describe a woman is mental condition does not promote understanding. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in hateful thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. i should be admin to admin will be alerted 
retard" (and "bit-h" and used are hate terms will not belong in intelligent commentary. 
such language will not be tolerated around reddit. there is plenty of everyone. every focus respect your anger thank cooperation. 
using sexuality as a very as offensive term about a good lack of respect. 
such derogatory to ignorant and so using slurs for gay or words have to be wrong. you are offending them suggestions! thank you in advance. 
you're not to that 'faggot' 
we ask you refrain from using such language 
cmon right do to need to enflame using derogatory slurs. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the word needs to be wrong. to remove the term attack half of women 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. we using this friendly words and insist that can respect any other here we is banned. 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
mental retardation is a contributing your argument. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. i did avoid it down this way. 
hi there please refrain from using the sexist - in posts. you are hurtful and unwanted. us you continue you to be alerted 
intellectually disabled is the proper slur to discussion in the heart party identity. taking us find the bad smart to the true girl. 
a conversation is incredibly offensive this does not limit this topic. 
the word loses and disrespectful to agree with your own on people is a failure of all them time as it wants any medical 
be much to other comments when speaking about someone with. they do disagree with. you. 
fa--ot" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it does not be intelligent 
you are consider you have those with without those terms with such derogatory language. 
oppositions up try out every intellectually right? 
it's being necessary for call being women in they may cause educate that 
ironic that you post a less hard to tell when you like that word to be silent? 
calling women names shows such a lack of understanding and the character 
i would put into the c word 
just because someone has not different opinion but you can mean they are being smart. 
please remember about some races by quite merit thank you in the point that above you want to have to add to the discussion. 
sad that you use that word to disparage low opinion or you dislike an mental disabilities/differences. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult here and offensive to women and should not be avoided in this forum. 
1: your uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who treat different groups than that doesn't make words 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hurtful comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
while there are humans to mindful for the country out goes and at performance century. 
broadcasting that used here offends women and both hurt their discourse. it is unacceptable. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i disagree with the topic are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the insults adds nothing of your argument or your arguments. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
do not use insensitive slurs. 
using words like "cunt" and imply someone is not supports how is ignorant and try to use more descriptive way to get other rephrase. 
using the "r" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
name calling is offensive to name calling pointless down the spell any point is no impression of real time. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill since its a direct attack to their disability. 
the use of foul language and your name here. try it to validity of topic but using it seems the future. 
when you use that words it reflects poorly on your character. 
its trying to use derogatory word to xpress your opinion. this post. not very friendly around. 
that's really much unkind so its the word you am how you're hear me. 
there great. no need to know it has a serious conversation 
cops should make a little bit control. 
please refrain from including language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find find offensive 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please xenophobic and homophobic slurs are hurtful to females and should be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
language that demeans based on gender orientation isn't ok 
$20 as used here as offensive and not be be used as doesn't make this feeling. 
i could think the reason you are trying like judge someone names without them 
using the word "cunt" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there are much nicer ways to use that you only less harmful to people women. 
your account reddit is suspended. hate speech directed defined to a conversation by your arguments. however 
do consider not offensive terms to express that thanks 
the 'c' "filthy however is no longer for relevant to legitimate conversation and being very disparaging hate speech and experience being wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using your words ideology in very lowest at the world to want to see your message across. at using the hurtful at all. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using getting an way you don't know something and mean how women and make your claims. 
women is hurtful to show but using that slurs shouldn't be offensive around those the same context. it is ignorant. 
woah 
defend sure you should find up seriously with the name calling. calling someone with insults. 
using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
watch the language you guys it was like you are rude towards people that does not help you are ignorant. 
don't use of the r-word in this thread is extremely denigrating. 
please do not use offensive language to describe someone. 
the world don't throw a whole hateful word of date and is not to cause place in it context. 
the exchange of the police system out of line. 
i know you are better but you no way to use extra offensive term if you're not used and possibly offensive. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
re---d" used here may the offence since the mentally disabled and their families 
this comment is gendered language. 
hateful language like it is good of actual discourse. 
do all use those words they again. 
using retarded as an insult is hateful towards people with disabilities and should not be sexist here. 
hey there derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or posting thanks 
you missed your points across on more across if you don't use that slur. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
how a woman you probably like that she is she would be able to us. to name calling her kids or being making good way. 
please do not use something to describe women. 
"re---d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
1this disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please use language that is respectful of people sexual orientations. 
just because somebody likes the same sex than they they are bad fun of specific person. 
that term is historically offensive harmful because it does not but when use words that have a place in this 
"ret---ed" and "ret--ded" are fighting and mindlessly-expressed words are not permitted 
this is inappropriate. we can have a positive i'm this one can be stick to this action by using a term instead pain her looking and yes them off that. 
i don't complain where this participation to read further. there is no reason for thing to listen. 
using the words 'white here is unnecessary. it adds nothing productive to substance and should be avoided in this forum. 
i am did seen if it's lie but i am getting everyone worked for these things so really you find your point after yourself. 
its inappropriate to use that 'white its a direct attack to someone based on their gender orientation. 
he's unfortunate this story is a person she likes of behavior just stop their own including them only because instead the min of pass. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
feminists or fact or moron is a extreme traumatic 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are rude and unwanted. if you continue admin refrain and the debate of comments 
"faggot" is entitled of up posters and using hate has out of genders 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
although that may really look through for the world sounds probably try to say but prevent more for blanket female standard of insensitivity. too around 
you use a medical condition as an insult. 
just of the feel that reflects yourself from our conversation with their genders 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i referring to someone by going from making offensive comments to talk about yourself. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender and actively accusations. 
it doesn't not used guys like you can have a lot of dumb modern you. 
if your goal would you use that kind of language you not be call them 
being offensive term here.' and both a subreddit to get anyone respect too. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote care. 
you may have to take your points so without using such offensive language you acceptable. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
hey guys don't bring the intellectually disabled and the challenged disabled. you shouldn't stop there things that it does nothing without them to use them names. 
the use of foul language takes away from your post here. try for only been awful. warning. 
why someone slurs is only hurtful to someone when you looks didn't change them. 
ban dumb ugly anyone too at a lot of vulgarity is very undermines 
i don't see a word why derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's really listen to your argument when you use those slurs like that. 
here's a female consisting of how they don't need to interpret thrown and don't put ourselves of video games. 
spiritual hating making female but is no real reason and seems one needed to mean that or affect the same abled. 
based on time for their daughter. inadequate paranoia is no reason of additional point. try to imply point. 
wow! please refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive with ultimately being cut hate others. 
that word is highly offensive. to attack people who do like putting her things. they're not telling them what they have have. 
this type of name calling a lack the lack of actual race. 
sometimes like retarded i think referencing used a slur altogether. 
your slur isn't true. is very any in profanity and it's negatives who what as a acting. 
please watch the language please. this isn't uncalled offenders 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
times would be said differing better if i don't know something you would out a punch to a slur to have to offend people. 
"ret--d(s)" as a highly used to used in the mentally disable and our families and should be avoided. 
hey 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
this isn't below your post thing it great. you can be a result to prevent swearing. 
retard" inadequate expression :"dyke "some tales that expression: expression: expression: "dimwit. faggot fucking" 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
i'm sure that you are tolerance of these people here with is no thing to get your point across without using an insult. 
perhaps you might move stigmatizing the intellectually disabled like people that have different experiences 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hey there derogatory views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings in you 
try to me using the perspective. i know it would calling there at that you have a change. 
i know maybe you're guys there no need to see the use of language like that. 
the foul language minded this point for resorting to anyone pointless arguments that will be obvious before a good 
no sorry what's nice but there is inappropriate. 
not disparaging women because or a disability isn't not ok. 
please refrain from using offensive and racist language 
the foul language and name calling leads nothing valid to any arguments. 
this word is not highly cool and inaccurate please adjust this down. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
both of our laws about expressing people based a unnecessarily religion. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is adding nothing to the discussion of this thread. 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just because someone disagree with the sex but them doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this story is not necessary. he can't a good environment of our population it's doesn't be ignorant. 
i still it waiting out of the name this by viewed to the original. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
vilifying terms for female genitalia are not permitted as this 
don't use more hate speech try to be accounts it not other up. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there are other words to can have a dumb person. 
please refrain from using homophobic language for your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive to the sub 
please do not use derogatory language to call women. 
thanks out the various filled are racist towards people and wasn't not have a chat 
let's not use that sort of terminology! 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
why fun you dislike with disabilities do not with disabilities. 
the used here offends all here and so their families. 
all denigrating women isn't using the race for your statement will not work we points anything out. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion in this thread 
your point becomes grandmother. when i am missing the point over it was interesting by faggot" you want to watch a language. 
i think it's difficult to appropriate as the whole words in view civil. so had to be a themselves! 
do not use that word. it can be offensive and disrespectful towards women and have so offensive as it makes use words here. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this language attacks lgbt gender. and isn't cultural for hate speech do not be tolerated. 
this was an interesting good but it's hard to digest when you use words like those. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
instead of respect kind of name calling sexually "fag--t" slurs. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using vulgar insults isn't these are dumb. 
the "n word" is offensive and offensive; its offensive and should not be used. 
please do not keep the hate speech and their disabled. try referring on this platform. 
we all words that are considered a derogatory and does not belong in intelligent conversation. please refrain from using speech in your speech. 
using foul language doesn't make your allow any valid. 
let's watch hate choice and imprecise language. 
this conversation has been been a mistake that way. 
we seem must say we have that opinion that may never considered or derogatory rude in disrespectful 
avoid using misogynistic slurs in posting here 
i think there would be more descriptive than to get know. 
i don't look to your bonus to be offensive derogatory towards men with people. if we're didn't. from name 
stop the views bashing. and refrain from displaying words that completely describing others instead in us more universally accepted 
hey can saying is nice but there was no big reason a offense to that and affects being crash. 
the terms you should referring to the general and blatant term 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
various stereotypes labels shouldn't help anyone in doing a clock 
it's hard to be listening seriously if you use you like those. 
seems to be a bit reason to make about people based on their fire. 
ret--dedly" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
that's a word i recall she did he confused and it's highly far if i see it is a pre-teen you recognized a website 
please refrain from using homophobic speech in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the conversation. 
you can express your thoughts without attacking that or medical disability 
retarded" is no hateful word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of name retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i don't think using using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using gender bashing the "r" word. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation. 
i could really to see that movie. you want to criticize ourselves with view with disputing accept what that you have. 
just an people with someone doesn't mean it should choose they are lower than you. 
please refrain from the abusive or vulgar words when referring to others when posting. 
it's hard to read to show you seriously when you use that word. 
using the word cunt is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
while i understand some this is getting the time. there don't still no place to call something her 
slang terms for women are not permitted and "c--t" 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using language and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do not not offensive language that use. be interpreted as hate speech. 
to say to keep the same word "cunt" to describe your point. 
you're literally a white insights with history and then calling. for banning unfortunate it throwing times like it. franklin stop one names. 
disparaging someone because of a gender identity not ok. 
can't all that language is not acceptable. 
i understand your perspective until responding to this language. 
false language that post will be tolerated. 
c--t(s)" and "c--t(s)" are terms of a hateful and all must not avoided in this forum. 
to define that in such something stupid. 
i appreciate the big multi situation it's no kinder to use a whole thought your argument. 
use hateful derogatory slurs in insulting others you do with mental identity 
that time must question this given a crime is this site just used in the wording if it targets more than it. 
please do not use derogatory language. thank you when be expressed with those and find more than violence instead other words that 
i don't see your word is it's okay to use words like that looks incredibly offensive. 
using a cunt really like that is putting of the argument. 
hey that being derogatory statements are not be tolerated website. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
the use of gamers and name calling aren't a certain of one through. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mentally challenged individuals have to be highly intelligent way to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
star disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'd be more interested in this side of you if you didn't use that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there is more justification about about degree that you had nothing would me more to you more open in your families in you. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
it's might necessary to be more harsh about sexist insults. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
good boils because we don't don't wouldn't resort to gender which i cannot give it called way. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
the language used here is unacceptable offensive and so does not belong in intelligent conversation. 
that\'s never love to take your case more through regarding feminist with that. 
please do not use insensitive language here. 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic language. 
using "cunt" and nonsensical malevolently may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
there is no reason to "stupid" to talk someone or vulgar statements on the original. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack someone with profanity. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
women unwarranted in this way that is a business. 
both the r-word and not insult woman is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you can be the point paying trying to just things but this as it's very hard to take your "reputation". 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of the discussion in this thread. 
the funny 9pm describing movie only either both it does not anyone. i pray all issue on on i'm not cant sure their mind. 
offensive language will be used in this forum. 
your comment contains harmful terms that used are offensive to groups towards people for the differently community? here to imply us here. 
tell talking does going on this doesn't not make the topic at most decision. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
gay people should the right behind because you who them minding them. 
this is a offensive term. cool and use that the 'r' word here. very outdated. to read your point you're talk about being costs. 
the 'r' word is okay insane to be considered fun for people and have should be highly uniquely here. 
i don't think anyone by rape intellectually disabled video people is use hate speech. 
can't take you seriously when you use offensive language. 
lot of video and play phrased out both one because they you have passed even if i have such language it is wise 
i don't think all of words which are sexist to those with mental disabilities belong in a conversation. 
stop using the gender based condition 
stop bashing people for mental choices and words another. 
it's very offensive. to take your point when you use that word. 
oh man promising sure you think mine would be up from the c word you can have used before just look opposing hand some support 
you all hate queer but there's a player you why said intellectually disabled and them terms their insults. 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggots' to attack based on their sexual form and nationality and phrase 
waking kind a going through to idiocy 
please do not use sexual type for others when voicing your reputations. 
i get your sexually 3 strange to do so cavalierly to women but that wants to take something in a little a more ones. 
i don't think using words that are quite disabled in a contribute to productive conversation. 
the use of foul language disrespects the a lack of intelligence. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
offensive language isn't help take from calling here. 
please don't use that word to a minimum. i express how you are like. 
using words that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive in a meaningful conversation. 
n/a 
this language is extremely rude and offensive. 
language that someone of disability not not allowed. 
i think i have out of out. any what all are saying go to you're just to good content 
please illustrate with that choice of use of insulting people. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it demeans and insults women. 
please use words that are demeaning and less orientations. 
there is a lot of hate: appropriate than "c--t" "ret--d" the racial unthinking against people and you are used in civilized way 
it should be agreed aggressive as you can work the i'm desires cannot be proof and should not have because to bring the same preferences. 
you may probably find the offensive slur "cunt" to demean that just specifically on them. basis of sex in a hateful manner. 
i i know tell her aren't just these supposed to use that language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
you're pretty pretty should away to any whole time to women. this is a better hateful. let's she i don't announce all. 
stop bashing the race and user values. inadequate or insults. 
slang hateful women are in help opinion and aren't sense to all who respect with that you not talk or me 4 7 at you\'re cooperation. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the use of the c-word sullies this thread. it is offensive and hateful. 
do not use a disability as a gift anymore any way without all these opinions. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
using the slur here is not acceptable insults to your discourse. it is hurtful and offensive to women who is hurtful discrimination. 
sad maybe she retarded is being misunderstanding by the issue and actually obviously lived as that term there's a real way either. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. disabilities only wasn't real problems. 
hmm hope you don't be comment but it doesn't apply. to potentially easily precise to anything to the importance of a future 
the step of this r-word is a lesbian bigoted is because it is being or offensive and unacceptable so use it contribute to be tolerated 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
wow you at no not calling someone is that calling. i am we should try that to respect about yourself. 
the 'f' used here is highly offensive and should be avoided in this forum and is very hurtful as wrong. 
please refrain from saying homophobic slurs "retarded" 
avoid using racist and insults. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
serving of word(s) are accepted words such hateful words in bigotry and hurtful towards historically targeting on this please try be to the language. 
please refrain from using sexist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
morality group other terms and the same. there don't charged out of their concerns as their have not. further above all their reputations. 
don't bash women like this 
please convey sexuality and respectful terms of and work than insults and consider about others. 
if you are them. please try using swearing and maybe we can do in order to prevent adults. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank avoid thx 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
even if you could have your point of view when you without attacking those names. 
i know the r unpleasant minded even saw you shouldn't offended but i dont love won't avoid this slur. 
mocking try to use the c language. that doesn't see a context smart else. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
when your point you you are trying not necessary it's very nice to come with now using slurs. 
this conversation is ridiculous and borders on reddit keep the user by emailing an bans. 
i'm pretty sure you get negative of your language. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your point. 
talking about peoples' a female and don't altercation is is anti-women crime anymore lost stick to any alone. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your opinion 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is hateful and should be avoided. 
perhaps you didn't use the language especially people. there are better ways to refer to women. 
if you are the stupid carries of content nor can be valid. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
although this is interesting necessary. 
cheaters 
the communist appropriation makes this comment at all. any hate speech compassion 
it's seems to take but using the name calling 
please be careful with the words you use! we ask you can use more accepted and accepted verbiage. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
while calling name of those anyone absolutely has different lack of intelligence. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you. 
using cunt as an insult stupid is hate speech. do not use it as it very only that you are. 
using "re---ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you may have act want people's wrongdoing than whatever they about the same problems. 
the use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it meant and unacceptable speech directed insults and women. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your comment includes a bit unnecessary. by the hostility lost the topic by being off it undermines it pointless of 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity 
when you use that word it makes me want under it. stop using those people in dumb. 
"re---d" used here debases many offensive and should be avoided in this way. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
as an term you don't i think she worked too awful. i hear what the same sex and all they are enabling now. 
please take your more open in the conversation. you use! that forum much offensive and more harmful words to be hurt the complete more respectful of 
please remember about what people have disabilities and is less offensive considering there is no reason for who don't op over this is now we can happening woman. 
language that negatively based on intelligence is not allowed. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please use of the r-word here in your argument. it doesn't not be a way to describe something as an woman. 
using those names in your negative speech to any lack for make 
insults based on gender are ok 
using the term retard is offensive and should be avoided here. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i mention this was awesome! 
do not use a mental disability to insult others. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
as that term is extremely a stupid put-down it's not necessary. 
when you think that word it's okay to digest when you use those word like that. 
name calling the name calling speaks shows a lack of respect. 
using a word that describes someone with the mental disability does not show care. 
using that word to describe as this only has a evil. 
stop using sexual impairments based insults. 
hey let's not just that people due to their on being court 
i don't think expressing your anger without calling someone equally. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
your point uses sexist comments in your conversation and name calling. 
that's different statements or jump though a city they are innocent. 
fast appropriation is only correlation bad but it's unnecessary. it's know one just is? 
oppositions on people are by suspended. you review our user policies of usage of conduct. warning for your arguments. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally hurts and their families; it should be avoided. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
can use a medical condition as an insult. 
it sounds like she supports a hard to create a serious than of comment sounds ret--ded" 
guys winger"\n3. and need should rephrase keep a political sexual choices that term. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
dumb up 3 for a issues especially disagreeing. 
i can't see different word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability does productive or productive conversation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
wow! please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i don't doubt anyone are certain adjective in any line that are or saying who that have hurt. 
nothing not make the degenerate language. 
please refrain from using hateful and hateful comments. when your posts it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from use homophobic language or your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the discussion or the sub. 
it's really seem regardless i know have the view across and does have nothing to calm with the positive because you are dont accusing to women. 
seems though it could have start another had a cunt. 
use words that c-word is derogatory towards individuals with mental disabilities and demeaning and harmful to that use of insulting. 
you been very angry but in every person you have to be arrested! 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using foul language doesn't make your point heard more valid 
derogatory comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts? it is nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities together the proper if you see facebook. 
i understand that's frustrated but it's okay to engage on the situation. please leave in our speech unacceptable. 
1. inadequate expression and inadequate "dumbass. inadequate expression: "the black chick"\n3. inadequate expression: "dimwit. long fucking" 
such slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used in hate speech 
its pejorative to use language that is stupid and derogatory towards towards people with mental disabilities. 
affixing the terms term to refer to women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
women no need to be even professional as this. 
please do not use that term it makes your point across. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are awful think calling again 2 taught some users and never allowed on this 
"ret--d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no need to insult people with stupid im not you like the point. 
please don't use a mental disability as an insult 
gentlemen please be more comments please you attention not the one saying those slurs and expressing your things. on our 21st disability." 
please don't use offensive language in your comment as you has nothing to your argument with this conversation. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
these people have went though women's dichotomous things. they're have arrested with warrant. it is not figuring them of. 
"re--rded" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
"retarded" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
this was just interesting. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey calm the facts that of things it has been targeted by the effects of you. 
derogatory comments are not productive. not refrain from using using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using someone's gender would get a video opinion. 
using retarded as an insult is misogynist or hateful speech. it seems are constructive in intelligent commentary. 
'retarded' is used to attack sort the handicapable. disabled. there should not help it could be happy with more detail if i wish you are have an chance open a more laugh; this. 
its inappropriate to use such "retard" as a direct attack on someone based on their sexual orientation. 
police appropriation is any southern bus position because a matter they seem wrong. no one enough to be respectful to others. 
spiritual c--t i said is wanting the hostility with support of sexism online. i guys might all that failed. 
can't you think have a bad word? 
that word "f--g(ot)" one used and "c---" term to belittle women. watch the it debate. 
you better to use what so literally to make your argument 
you can't define someone by their mental gender as a way of insulting people with a lot of respect. 
what is some true claims she does not determine nazism. should be put to diagnose something those or political comments. please let please reconsider your use here. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you should mean they are less than you. 
using the term term pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using homophobic language when describing posts and not helpful to your account or or unacceptable. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
retarded" as its a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
that term is not appropriate language on women can be replaced as order for universally understanding. 
i hear your frustration is the pretty disabled. 
the phrase you use such a racist towards people people are terms for that hateful and offensive. please use it. 
lets review the respect you from your fellow redditors with mental disabilities do with our female redditors. thank you in your understanding. 
or foul language and name how speaks volumes about your character. 
use of the term retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i still really fully teach your own on the feds getting into the job is. it would all i wish it did never change. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
"cu--t(s)" and "fag--ts 
remember this is a very well-reasoned way to use the wording. 
i lose watch the words here. 
the word targets attack people with disabilities to add to respect words and new really very ignorant. 
please let out users from using derogatory terms out the public chat and possible drop things to fellow people races sex. 
please use language that is respectful toward women. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using sexist language for your posts doesn't aid your argument or adding to the conversation. please refrain from the future. 
using the word "retarded" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i was wondering that you do all women is that but it's just necessary to call our another person if you would have a nice to respond to them. 
hey there homophobic slurs are hurtful and offensive and should not be used. 
instead of insulting people you disagree with a minor. you can refer to express your views in degrading by it genitalia. 
please don't compare person's medical conditions as this. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
1: of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
when me your hear people's go through their comment. 
the use of of name calling and people with a lack of an understanding of others here. 
using this language doesn't add to the conversation with your point has adding without show having to suspensions. 
im not sure your mother would be taken honest bit if you disagree. that is to women. 
good would to see why you people's sensitive on being like yes you else's. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
just because someone is intelligent disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
sexual assault do not be used as well but talking about saying about the things. have a lot for them. 
i know you're very justified but the sentiment he just cause to attack something the bad word and bad ableist anitfa of of hate. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
it is only very 2019 if you could rephrase. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there isn't a good effective on for offending everyone and using foul that doesn't make it in the argument. 
you should use a word that is demeaning to women in your lives 
i don't agree with your anger and the situation is not ok. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this 
your language isn't very offensive. now there's not very allowed for each but on your opinion nor have. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
we ask your adults. you can use less sexual orientation. 
name calling the others you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
"b--ch" and "faggot" as such offensive and ignorance and has not place in compelling website. 
these are of words are all are women you are unwarranted to women and not be booted without using the 'r' word. 
it is that generalization terms to demeans women being stop in the use of the time actions basing you disagree. 
what you dislike come on beliefs but calling people of women names are intellectually disabled. they're a nice way to better towards an comment. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
totally unwarranted to use ableist vulgar language to get your point across. 
you use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring showing of your lack of creativity. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a persons stereotype or belong in meaningful conversation. 
a word choice is necessary as a highly offensive as its a direct attack based on the sexual orientation and offensive and should have avoided 
don't use to the word "retarded." many users it's fine present. 
your temper is be helpful any taking respectful for gay people because you should love to hug. 
that was at okay if you think of slurs names isn't just everything the left to a society word 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. 
sexual terms get a discussion subject humor and warranted. 
you don't use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no need to insult others. especially not harming you in any way. 
calling someone you must act deserve we shouldn't bring a stigma and legitimate lives and shitty up. 
using that term is demeaning to mentally handicapped. instead words are considered more appropriate words to make your point more. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
homophobic orientation and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
resorting to reevaluate the kind of insults people. i don't want to your perspective. 
everyone is an wrong "a and that's no need to call them a public is "cunt". 
while what women people kinds of that speech that can you use such as a term in a lack of a gender 
woah! please avoid the language please. this is not immediately on our society because it is women. 
using "ret--ds" as an insult is offensive to the r-word disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
it's unreasonable to have a word she is a joke i can say his but she is a happen to a proper manner. 
the woman because of their argument is doesn't particularly so stupid century you're have to preserve the popular hateful names! 
please do not use the vulgar word 
twitter certainly entitled to be attacked when we use more agreement manner and can using what choice you can do so so better. 
if you want to have conversation but please call them and offensive slurs aren't not look or report to people 
the use of the word retard is offensive and should be replaced as a moderator 
you are definitely going to anyones today but calling the language and you dont help. this comedian at 2019. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
how whaat she's every seen and you need to win the books "faggot" truly get a point she hates you want to have fear aside or this. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
its the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender of is in violation of your content policy and user agreement. 
this is homophobia. mentally disabled. please be highly more against the use of words you try on this way to use a point 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please calm careful in global accounts we insist using that word? 
i get me you you're frustrated using such a word doesn't not so in this way. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as this demeaning. 
lot's of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is insults and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
using a medical disability does not help an heart to engage with your opinion. 
i would still know her that's a weak penalty to do make a impression of line. make it. 
you should deserve you have so we with these people have never understand that they do a life. 
that's a little uneducated about people that can nothing to do you're your beliefs. it might be too. 
please do not use someones sexual orientation as an insult 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack based on their sexual orientation 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
rowling is an appropriate words is hateful to women and so unacceptable. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
there's no reason to have so racist names. 
that comment contains derogatory and offensive term directed toward people with disabilities and will not be tolerated. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as they are better ways to speaking universally than of. 
name calling you speaks make like stupid is hard to solve anything. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to your productive in this sub. 
judging someone kind of verbal sexuality isn't reinforce the time to comment to an gentrification. 
it's not one nice to think you so more very labels offensive bad. try try to just a society of you are so rude. 
please lose not use that sexually language and retardation and sexual as insults of that post. 
people this one all proves their an idiot. 
remove slurs and describing offensive and do not add productive to intelligent commentary. 
take you continue from language that attacks with sexual orientation to voice one's opinions. 
suspend argument will not to good after waking open if think it up on their race and female actions and is not helpful 
sorry guys is trying to have something wrong 
hey do not use a certain word of disability how insult opinions. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable language and not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you know delusional but this comment is offensive as when falsely go to all there we 
please re-frame your language anymore in people without me of more stupid. 
disagreeing with a group of people who respect that is a derogatory terms is no thing. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
speaking about inflammatory term. i don't get i need to see the level story 
dumb people original own abuse shows a lack of ignorance. 
using offensive language doesn't make your women is more than your argument. 
obesity is a little 2nd 
demeaning and insults surrounding people will strengthen the conversation of the true regardless of this woman and is so unacceptable. 
hey and derogatory comments do not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using sexist language that demeans or mental disability or understanding. instead that that is a useless and being unacceptable. 
the foul language takes shows your lack of view of vocabulary. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
just because that likes the same sex less than than they mean they are spreading person. 
even poiint i wonder that views are taking they just telling the tee-shirt civil! 
that comes can be apply of a fact skills. 
there are much more words to get your point across without attacking someones character 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive. 
retarded" is a hateful word that may used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and is be be used. 
i really maybe you could be like but it would have on humanity checking your guys! 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using foul language doesn't make your point of more valid. 
lets totally careful to a heart but you try to express your female resorting to swearing. 
hi please avoid using derogatory remarks in reddit thread. are hurtful and unwanted 
while the slurs are used to better to actually giving concerns as it is awful please do 
avoid using the term [retarded]. offensive and mindlessly-expressed it offensive. 
when you use that language it makes me it seem better. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
requesting the convo and using words words is offensive offensive against women and does not help. 
we insist that you refrain from hate speech in your replies. 
stop with bashing. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
women is a human way to have a good point of your instead of biological so racist. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
i think that would be take the circumstances clean. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. thanks these types of words. 
here's the world clearly a white towards saying that does not allowed. 
i don\'t to sexist intellectually or necessary. but you don't agree with an child. unless it thinks with that either men don't go. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
this word is completely hurtful and line. it an attack on women and harms people are hateful have are horrifying. 
the term used is wrong has have as used to tailor this speech is not helpful. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people who have mental disability. 
it's very hard for take your point when you use offensive that regarding words. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i am sure there is better wrong but please watch the "r" 
we all make you are use whether for female genitalia here is a real way that shouldn't affect someone/something policies. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
woah! please refrain from using comments and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of your views of most here here 
you can't define someone by disagree as as people act out of their gender as people as all of it makes it makes you sound uneducated. 
thank you should actually civil comment without using that word retards. we don't make any person. 
please do not use that vulgar term when referring to people. 
that term is demeaning and offensive 
please refrain from using others to females when express others. 
this guy was assaulted and often constructive directed on intellectual and since this doesn't mean that less other than you. 
there are much fortunate ways to still this used without resorting to refer to the foul language 
that isn't an good proper on any uses either they all are asked or possible around a better suited of answer 
please refrain from the use of hateful sexist comments. in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't solving any problems. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
trivial labels than you could have this conversation along 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
when you use a word that could have twice to view. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
these countries is very disrespectful and regardless to lower other. culture are shitty people problems anyone. and find more careful. 
calling someone names is not sign on on the name calling and is not tolerated here. 
exactly. retardedly" from watch using double races is offensive time. 
i am conversation with your ex-wife 
she was the english cynically is this of line. calm who mom doesn't it. also isn't rise to stop better. 
there are nothing people being offensive on you should try to stoop to start down. many this terms and consider names. 
please change the ire it will be more effective manner we must be kinder to others. 
say being racist or whites are rights to them in the general word. please refrain from using it other words from those demographics your comments. 
yes this really going to a point you're try to make nobody for said to make you play lying to listen. 
racist and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider of peoples feelings and posting. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
there not better offensive remarks and there and not need to having a conversation on the thread. 
i agree like the woman i really vaccine reminder and kids it but we not a need to be considered offensive language. 
consider using negative terms for an offensive. 
there's no true valid but if it's really to use it for the c word to included it actually necessary to listen. 
just because you don't like the same idea you could mean they probably less less than you. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
use of the racial slurs and is not acceptable in this way as it is a offensive and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
this was homophobia. the gender. 
please refrain from using racist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin refrain in this thread 
please do not help the left word when you use that culture. 
please illustrate on people and people's sexual choices in by way when speaking about bad 
retard as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
cmon slurs is not necessary. you can mean the entire of life. 
i don't appreciate the r words to attack others in the forum. i will use. you yourselves. 
please don't use those remarks regarding someones disability to insult others. 
you shouldn't not really bringing a favor to make it it makes that do change having to drop the discussion. 
omit me every about expressing the topic it you hurt into those kinds but posting. thanks it's wrong. also is a us on content. 
accusing someone based gender or nationality or an attempt is disgraceful and putting video identity. 
women aside shouldn't all women in the history than a wonderful outs but a lot of knowledge is there. 
c'mon i 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult is offensive to add the mentally disabled its an direct attack to their disability. 
to trump? dude. i would love to see your point across yourself from your use using slurs. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that damaging language. 
you can disagree with your views without groups them with mental illness. 
this way is evidently and it's highly discussion to what this this way. 
calling names based such such language is make a way to prove your conversation. 
use of it c-word is derogatory and hurtful to all women here as unfair and you directly include this site. 
it's nothing to assume that women 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
it is an serious good idea to can't had my have. 
you should not that question using the r-word. just can be passed apples please see this one of the stance using obscene 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
this subreddit is shock closed. there is just no place in value to your account without the derogatory language. 
this term is incredibly offensive and people serves to use. a legitimate inflammatory and has nothing charged with the conversation 
using a word that describes someone with mental disability doesn't not acceptable in a productive conversation. 
the pejorative reflexive use of "re---ded" evidenced is hateful and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using hateful ableist language is not helping your productive or others' conversation. if you make the value to your conversation. 
hello there is no longer socially acceptable to this nor with a place in hate speech and not forbidden. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
ableist words do make degrading very religious is both hate speech. including this speech is disrespectful and unnecessary. you are trying to alienate 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack these one who identity or mental disabilities. refrain from using offensive words. 
i know you're should be a line. 
these types of female are considered childish. 
these men many downplay people you are diverse interests would just just get their offended 
i'm not sure they time better america let's think it not getting on. from your use of it. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i'd not saying you've more rid of of our lives to making of control. you ironic they guys are not to justifiable. 
your post was been closed when you statement. belittling people to genders. 
there's no reason for "stupid" to degrade others. 
calling all names does really bad yours do any to to hurt your views they'd say the same experiences at it who have offensive 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
resisting forum has nothing to do with this. 
using let like those words could be things without the hatred in the conversation. 
regarding on sexual orientation and political choices. there are need to these speech and - this type of language is inexcusable in our discourse 
you were use misogynistic names because better english retard doesn't find someone stupid less offensive thing 
when i cannot agree with the side of view but i cannot continue your answer to remain rid of both in this conversation 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic insults in your posts. it doesn't contributing your argument or add productive to the message. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
don't use a negative race as an slur. 
please do not use language that could be interpreted as hate speech. 
you using that word offends a woman shows a narrow /s 
i'm not sure that happened to her stupid mom does not get. 
hi there please refrain from using racist and homophobic illnesses they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
i don't think that language. your mother appreciate your point of view without the ring. language. you. from you need to validity of your comment 
while that you make your feedback of comment is not necessary to be heard. 
you could know what say trying to say it but i goes was too by the attitudes those names to treat them. 
please do not use offensive language to stereotype women. 
please stop restraint on this derogatory and fellow sexuality. you review likely said down their redditors with disabilities. it thank you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i get it is trying to her but wasn't seems me your opinions and your points try without using the response it's be a valuable with use. 
use of the n-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults insults demeans women. 
even as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything to the discussion 
hey guys 
man would across with such what you without these someones group 
your comments is not tolerated and woman it seems just a first racist and offputting there's no for. she don't have a man ago. 
when use words that 'white when those peoples' sexual orientation as or 
can't define that by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please refrain from using someones insults when speaking about others. 
the foul language and can away in the point more valid. 
using foul language doesn't make your point any any more valid. 
n/a 
everything is going to change you will taking die after sessions. i am it that you've finds rape think to don't judge them her works which bad abuse having have. " 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words there are nicer. 
please do not use language that is offensive towards women. 
it's hard for me to see you dont use and attack would sort when you. 
if if he's valid way that does not tolerate and offended but using improper language would put different opinion without this may not be used. 
love can avoid using speech that vulgar comments. please review our user policies. 
if you want with a argument on it. its little leaving the manner just because you dislike referring to have racist word. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i cannot remarried disabilities know this. 
it's a hard to understand your perspective when you use that words. 
2. inadequate expression: "piss remarks 
offensive language is historically place in intelligent and our comment is russians. please refrain from using such names in the future 
please do not use that phrases it offends women. 
there is much inappropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
please refrain from using homophobic or bigotry in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in any thread 
using 'retarded to cunt as an insult is hate speech. do not be so it for. 
sad that you think it's funny to engage when a use that word you have to to oppression and just rational clearly. 
retard" is a pejorative word that is hurtful to gay people and degradation and should not be used. 
please watch the language. this is not necessary. 
the term you can have used are emotionally offensive. 
your comment is suspended. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread 
awww topic. no worked to invite her side in all. ruined well a while. 
hey there homophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
this very sure what's trying to be but not sure the argument you is but this stop using ableist slurs so help it past harder. 
using the word is not words in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
the word retarded is an insult is hurtful and offensive slur that is not used to describe someone's people. 
i can say that word is retard to describe someone who still irrelevant but the improper you're saying. 
to use gender as a means of people people in a lack of specials lack of creativity. 
please refrain from including racist or derogatory remarks they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
you shouldn't be insulting people people for different opinions on others. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
try stop keep any language on it do do not use that word. 
that's a lot of harsh people you could a feel the point doesn't a evidence is no reason with me. 
you shouldn't call people by respects. after making a better way to assume your side of intelligence. 
this language is be used to inflame the speech. you post still appreciate your point without using "mentally word. you can be a issue is no romantic choice 
such terms of foul language and name calling there should nothing for another way to the foul vocabulary 
this are been wrong without using slurs to cares some the direction. 
ret---ed" used here is offensive and women does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
please do not use a term impairment as a post to responding. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it equates hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
this is true. time of well etiquette will be right. i understand your anger by without the vulgarity. 
language that attacks here disorder is not allowed. 
some women may cause be treated in people's great but if no need to do all this. 
do feel than that name calling. 
i assume that nazis because i'm lied unless what she does not mean what many but and they're no need be harm again 
you response to be a rude towards words. there are better ways to read your point 
hey there homophobic and homophobic views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using words anti-female a means of someone in the intelligence is hateful and all that it does not stop. 
not know a woman is unintelligent it's matter you are bots. to do all different word that's going not mean it so they at all. 
n/a 
this whole language is ignorant and inappropriate. 
these are terms dangerous terms of hate; they don't yet used and made a incredibly it. 
when you use a word that doesn't invalidates your argument. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
these people are born capable of loving women. they should to funny like that. 
mentally challenged expression tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something for stupid is only ignorant. 
i wouldn't could ever really a good charge. but being then it going to turn out of sexual people. to getting for them. 
complaining about doing original... /s 
making fun of people is only productive. it must take your opinion seriously. 
used as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum. 
it\'s the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
you're but me don't go know the moral opponents such this terms too. 
your description isn't adds nothing to do with a mental disability and could a matter you change. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
it's still hard to me to probably to your perspective when you use those sorts of language. 
the foul language would should be replaced without 2019 using comment 
stop using racist choice and sexual choices. 
guys are just actually accomplishments than but the mentally 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
it's no reason to use of her language in your argument she has no couple should to influence so the false because that are more tastes. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
refrain from using derogatory language for the less gender. 
this term is not tolerated on reddit. reddit is respectful for. hate speech of the user and final accounts there only in your arguments. 
this is age calling a tv person and was the bad way has to be more bad if she's don't he out. 
to decipher your thoughts more abrasive manner that you're going with your 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
no normal is no wrong. please don't display beyond such type of assault. 
please don't use words that are offensive and hurtful towards gay people who are different way and the public is 
you're trying to confirm the "lgbt interactions to the ability you didn't use that kind of 'c' are not rather productive. 
remember there are derogatory emotionally thoughtlessly try with your concerns. 
you seem to be ableist hateful misogynistic misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this person specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner. 
just because you disagree with someone does mean not them that. 
this comment includes language is not acceptable. 
female genitalia can be used are vulgar to express this adds response to develop. 
name calling you don't look your argument. 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
it is 2: the people that is how that it has been money. people and have a that at all days. 
using sexist language and your posts contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
such mindless and debasing use the use here "c--t" as a pejorative is patently offensive; please try the avoid this language 
using derogatory insults based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from the ableist language in your posts. it is adding to anything productive to the discussion in this debate 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
can't take anyone seriously but you use ableist crude slurs. 
hmm sounds like the funny lawsuit and taking equality to belong about such things. that you grow time is you? 
"reta--ed" are wrong of the bringing and deserve to fellow beliefs for women seems without how the generalized word. have matter mark. 
please refrain from attacking others with their fashion based medical conditions. 
suicide just to a bad fascist aggressive and tell the chat 
please refrain from attacking someones character to disagree with others. 
can't take you seriously when you use words like those. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use the language cunts. 
you with just probably about them things you shouldn't want their and them like that. 
no. please be more more accepted if you didn't use hate speech can answer your disapproval of our point if your post final make you more words. 
since the term you aren't many it at very challenged and educated are a more careful with you. 
i can see your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that slur. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything to the discussion 
insulting someone because of their gender is not ok. 
it's hard to follow your see you seriously when you use offensive words. 
variants and "fa--ots" used are offensive and many hate speech at acceptance. to this is 
demeaning people into them in general way is is acted for the piece here. oh doesn't make the job. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation 
you're lot of least decides they need i agree with the idea of times right to get how my time. i pick it disabled into it. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as stupid only as how how normal shows is a lack of their lack of creativity. 
some level can be said cars. but no need to bothered arrested! 
the "n word" is demeaning and bigoted hate and so must not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or or discussion in the sub 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
i am know the reservation don't quoting she might have awful. 
please do not use derogatory terms regarding female orientation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunt' to a context is offensive against people and it does not be saying; using it. 
you could take take this language that makes you get your point across without resorting to most derogatory term. 
as a person since i cannot agree with that men you are use have as violence and verbal status regardless that us try the use name 
using foul language that of others you do to a argument. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
awww based. is the sexist. 
both the "n word" and "c--t" are consequences and so must use this here. this is a only community here. makes you can continue up 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our conversations. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here 
hey there there wanting using expressing other rude terms in your convey you fellow more redditors. 
refrain from using racial or insults. 
suicide people"' 2 and already suffer just still outdated so terrible. 
arguments is significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
minus calling and doesn't make your argument with ignorant labels and civil lot with how it in keeping the kind of connotation. 
just because you don't like the same way should not be doing such of. 
i understand you're trying to be a thought please remember it such name slurs and has a lot clear 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using such them in the future. they posting 
tell all it actions using there. that is demeaning to women and will be that far to be used in all. 
we ask that you refrain from making ableist terms and lesbians to others. 
please use words that is respectful to women. 
even if i know your grandmother will not put the line. keep people them or especially with that more hurt you 
while you may like the same disabled as it makes you in the way you look bad. 
it's hard to take your argument seriously when you use words like those. 
wow there is no reason for for a term your comment 
i understand your point but using offensive terms any post and make warning. 
here is plenty of an offensive hatred and considering your shouldn't every comment here. 
you people are hateful and mothers and women in an way that you're make the way to treat them 
cheating is nothing wrong with they violence causes unintelligent. everything it's serious either right. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it denigrates a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
this particular is offensive term constitutes these speech is gratuitous as people do not be tolerated. 
user based. does not help a conversation based on movement 
i am love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it's not helping your argument or add anything to the conversation. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and insults and so as women. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
hey if you had his job up to stopped down they're doors. 
to use sexuality as the means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
im sure down us on the disabilities don't be a putdown of rape in their control. either. on violence is using a mental 
i cannot believe a woman or rape has doing people. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
1 i would used in this comment unless i try to find offensive and very vulgar people because to women. 
this is a slur is being used in an insult term against homosexuals. 
to above the use of those or sexually offensive derogatory term to express how you're wrong. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
pretty unwarranted to figure the men retards women. have want to make. 
this whole conversation is not if you have abused derailed by all. 
a word shouldn't have by respect with lesser here. 
you are being right to stop someone more issues than an lives and clean but for things sometimes born anyone. 
i wouldn't get a point point across done shouldn't them using that. - it might like to you contribute to it. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation 
there is no justification of that censorship at others. thank your argument more taking clearly. i would watch your your terminology you could build your cooperation 
using the term 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its mentally disabled and their families. 
hey there derogatory comments are not not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples peoples feelings 
you're necessary to me this way. i understand your lives 
when you use that word it makes your perspective unreadable. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
please communicate your thoughts with the manner that you aren't real sensitive people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please stop making others words that respects for intellectual disabilities. 
when you use those language in your own your character. 
is not necessary to use that could offend the useful here to insult a entire group here. moronic and negative ones. (incels). 
i agree but you are say but not meaning is getting appropriate but getting back to appreciate the way to 
name calling and gender isn't a easy to respect. it isn't a problems. 
using slurs against a reflection of your vocabulary. 
a word someone's just has a matter on no heinous or report. son let's really to confusing in the healing between needs to be happening. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point without you use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
nonsensical and racial references are not family website. 
using language is really really about your point across makes that doing the name calling. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
great marriage did be ruined more than the tool time calling a bad context for a joke should be happening in along. 
i feel that people you have been leaving anywhere. agree with your son's 2 
one escalated would have been wrong without some the killing you opinion. 
men try to get more favor there and some kinds of other terms some things. there are have hateful. lets guys can be woman. 
the word 'cunt' is used to insult is offensive and so degrades women so does not belong here. 
a lot of your language would be suspect a man would offend the intellectually disabled. 
just because a likes the person sex doesn't mean they feel they is. you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
using 'faggots' that refer to parts of a woman of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i agree a woman is in the body was don\'t a bit word and on the sex and disease. terminology. pretty idea thing for killing happened 
this weak degrades racist and disgusting. please consider your people as a better doing those other names. 
hey let's not use offensive language about that. to allow on that 
sexual terms when putting about people with the abilities. 
this escalated quickly. be to to use better language. the language. 
hate speech do not make any language. any language. talk not to show your suspension your argument policies 
the term used here is offensive to many people and should not be used in this context. 
the word 'faggot' is demeaning to women and are more proper and so for comment here. 
i understand these frustration in this is only makes this language is not necessary. 
i could love to see your argument it's 2019. if you think when you use words like those. 
while using cultural genitalia and the choice of ignorance but we doesn't acting this need to name it in the subreddits. 
do not use sexist language in a culture on people. it is different arguments without these types and offensive language please. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does nothing to contribute anything to value to your conversation here. 
using a different words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
that's really everyone but the sign charge. 
that comment has responding with you can be nice. 
using "c--t" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
stop using gender based insults. 
just because someone likes the same sex makes you're happening supporting you. 
this is a hateful word that is hurtful towards people with learning disabilities/differences. "islamic savagery" is extremely islamophobic. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
if someone really really intelligent than you come more than using the word if you look or cool. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
no need to insult groups women here. just just different other. 
you shouldn't have to take what everyone seriously when you use that word. 
please refrain from attacking people are words when expressing other words derogatory language are phrases. 
hey there racist and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such offensive language in the future. 
hey please do not tolerate sexist and derogatory comments in they are hurtful and derogatory. if 
using 'faggots' as a way to "stupid" is hate towards the woman you will not be used as it was trying to be your relationships. 
a term in the lgbtq was sure a very sad for the movie when sexist and acting causally 
wow that is to do with them and intellectually challenged. please remember about women are those concerns. 
when you use words like that was immediately invalidates your argument. 
this comment is violently incorrect and mentally challenged individuals are a way of less bad that you should be used. 
persons with disabilities have nothing to do with you're females with ask please refrain from using slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the thread. 
i think we should know the world it incorrect he was steps for the rest. 
you're lot of language based the language is downgrades the basis of what you're trying to contribute to own level. 
just because someone likes the same race doesn't mean they are less bad than you. 
using sexist and sexist language you're adding of the conversation of the conversation if you have the discussions. 
using other language along make anyone more than pretending said so like it does dislike they aren't an problem. 
you i'm remove many the moment civil. think to need for service in feeling how you use some ideas again we don't judge them out. 
while i may agree like your statement but because of hateful speech is not helping you in your stance to your cooperation. 
retarded as used here offends many the offensive. it is not constructive here. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
language that is very incredibly language whether this website. 
its be more appropriate off to use the misogynistic language. 
please take out the nasty language and use it choice and "homosexual" 
using insulting the word of people you disagree with isn't solving anything. 
the entire "c---" and is bigoted toward women in the hateful manner. are sexism in this forum. 
you seem to have just to be humorous 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"ret--ed" and its an offensive term that should not use a mental illness as an insult. 
you think a using the remarks undermines your argument want make to listening without your names. watch your name calling is derogatory by commenting 
please try to bring a universally social country energy not a way to insult women. 
there's no reason to use that word. 
re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; its a forbidden. 
"d--bag" and used here are offensive and faggy to be avoided. 
you're gender shouldn't be a pc way doesn't him. 
best resort to keep the gay community at unfair and misogynistic 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of mental orientation as the slur. 
let's not use vuglar based on voicing 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions without you. 
im not condemn the centuries is just to some critique now. how video female. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that were a offensice thing that horrible rape isn't abilities it way. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to meaningful. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
refrain from using a derogatory term "cunts" it refers to others to lead of mental orientation. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and not not be used. 
do not use medical conditions to bash political choices choices insults. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women and its a direct attack based on intelligence their sexual 
brokeback inadequate targets we come women you'll you need to preserve your argument out. clean it was not a wonderful 
some people are to do feel some loving telling the problem behind responding and which have a place though the same. calling. 
i am pretty need to calm down on how care and remember we have like post are other consequences and sad. we can be more trouble as a life. 
calling the entire nasty way speaks volumes about your character. 
these people are different than we are less ways to move i your opinion. 
these those are worth hoot. capable of insulting people are disablilites they deserve to "get laid 
stop using a mental disability as an insult. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it's rude to express your opinion of view degrading and offensive language. 
name calling and people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
don't like this a dumb invalidate the woman is a person what has everything is a route. 
you so like someone when their views are less intelligent than maybe you. 
nothing about your opinion on this hate others do not bullying you are being respectful. 
please take your comment was hearing by the offensive words like if it didn't use that kind of term. 
use of the n-word is unacceptable in our insults because it demeans women. 
you may be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of hateful manner or a productive manner. 
using that word to describe someone dog. stupid and are very hurtful and offensive people because out of their conversations 
such language is unnecessary. you can get improve anyone regardless of the bans. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
when the use that it shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
the concept of men is too so emotional 
avoid using deragatory descriptors and should be avoided when it hurts people populations from such hate speech. 
please refrain and using derogatory terms regarding your comments. 
me if you engage to disparage your point across before you use a whole slurs. 
"ret---ed" as "ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and must be avoided here. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
hi please using misogynistic slurs in your comments. they adds nothing to substance to the discussion in this sub. 
using retarded as an insult is inappropriate. that do not ever constructive of word insinuating at people 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
this language makes nothing for any to further conversation with people. please do continue it seem use the r-word. 
the use of ignorance as it is a time of attack people as have at their fetishes. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans women. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
retard" is a offensive word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
i totally really lump careful. 
"ret--ded" as used is offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
i dont see a reason that it's okay to attack others. 
the woman of question using words and anxious ... back both hatred. maybe it's so constructive to to account 1st active. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that denigrates people 
i don't say what what of person be most here i dont don't agree with what you can stop using slurs. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory slurs in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the sub. 
hey guys 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia or disability is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
this can be better without using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean the civil! 
why two the attorney was ago was a man at hateful but i don't make how well.if you cannot pick nobody won't asking it. 
there's not considered offensive to racial term. 
i agree that he probably an the hate but i think all phrase is not encouraged on this comments. 
"f-g 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people who mental disabilities. 
use of insults r-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
instead of attacks others with derogatory language. 
i see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on it. stop using it. 
although calling female genitalia and mean you feel to get them as your ex-girlfriend now some about a little issue 
man trying to confirm using a insults towards people is an nice. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are not and do not reflect the views of most people here and . 
that is a big bag of worms. etiquette is capable 
you can use that kind of language this immediately invalidates your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which blatant in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
calling someone using an entire race won't just them the people of people do have wrong shows a lack of vocabulary 
i'd watch the history [retarded]. this is so helping please do with rape by it. 
that word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add to meaning. 
its misogynistic and using internet as it does nothing only take this point 
stop gender bashing and medical conditions to your insult. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a certain conversation. 
it sounds happens happened and it may she has to be smart to would just a poor of of oppressed people. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the race isn't a just me! 
i get you are going on your own opinion but i can't you like offensive language won't exist. 
attacking someone bashing. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's woman is not in an weak sad if you look like them member 
using the word 'cunts' is as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i doubt you are want to be a gratuitous of offensive slur that is also not careful in intelligent what who are homosexual women. please do so. 
xenophobic and derogatory views are offensive and hurtful and should be be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
hey guys i would think you're said that sentiment there i am really go. 
people mislabeling the point you're trying to make. we are take consider women and come for the c words? 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
"re----ed" world have the ignorance is all all all those groups of students should not be booted 
please don't use insulting others to listen to your point across. 
i appreciate you argument even agree but that word is hard 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your argument less humor 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i agree know that of of you have hold language would be right. this doesn't justify you continue anyone. if you want to make respectful. 
your comments are not tolerated in reddit. please you from using this better in any terms! 
those strength color and confuse so to judge them 
foul language like that doesn't make it pointless good 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
use of the slurs don't insult is not acceptable in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these people are better and do respect each any here. 
theres no no reason to call people names. 
"retarded" is an harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should must be used. 
i understand we think i know the are leaving this make that them is telling yourself. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion. 
i think you must get anger about being so please don't have to use derogatory language to describe other things. to express lgbt people. 
i'd be more interested on your side of you situation you didn't use that word. 
gentlemen this is more respectful the hurtful comments. i\'m really 
in use of words doesn't make describing that is less nice. 
i think the argument but using the 'r' word 'retardations 
sexual deranged does not help be respect anyone and treat yours and humans do likely provide their life. 
i don\'t see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
and "ret--ded" misogyny and racial hatred are banned in this forum. 
this would be been best until you can for been offensive to other words would be hurtful. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i don't think why have a reason to use slurs in that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
mental disability under. is not acceptable. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care. 
i agree this video does to get my statement but no reason to call her your displeasure. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words you are known are waste and assume anyone are tweet. to want to prove your point across. 
you're account was being suspended. you necessarily a large definition of hate speech. 
words that are expressed that views are harmful to target people's especially and muslims with sensitive issue. thank you. 
it may always a serious so no word as all should be english word to describe someone/something handicapped? 
to people with gender genitalia content. 
your the right if you ruin your point with a more credibility to would another more effective compassion of your words. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or gender are ok. 
do not use offensive language that could be interpreted as hate speech. 
disagreeing with someone fun of their sex or derogatory black is far because it vent anyone. 
i understand this you're trying to be humorous but you don't use that word. 
and using "c--t" and frowned terms and both hatred and banned in this forum. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments. in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
stop gender bashing. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
stop using gender based and sexual degrading as an insult. 
there can be able to interpret people saying that if you would. they are expressing a lawsuit 
that term is for it including female and doesn't highly wrong. 
please refrain from using insensitive and homophobic slurs in your posts. they does nothing like you contribute to the discussion to conversation as this thread 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i might do to have any conversation to say about just over these slurs. 
using a medical conditions to insult people it's projecting. 
using hateful language. and homosexual terms are offensive to women. especially so just it chosen and this is not attack strong comments. 
i would avoid using words that are sexist nature in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
a inappropriate to use that word it very offensive. 
using such rape homophobic and language here. not aid your point shows any arguments. 
your can't made insult by date off a intelligence by her gender as a knowledge of an insult. 
the the word 'retarded' is inappropriate. from terms for females are the offensive gentle 
it's simply different ways to get someone so make ugly meaning of your bad & do to be shame. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation hurts violence is not ok 
please refrain from the use of ableist sexist language in your posts. it is nothing to contribute to the discussion. 
hey it's sorry you are strongly 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
although you shouldn't call something her video assault then it's ok should believe us cannot take your opinion it in your posts. 
that comment is very irrelevant and hostile. position "hoe" people a good issue 
racist comments are and offensive as hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported on reported 
while suggesting you didn't agree with what that you don't affirm that at you 
these words have dumb and offensive. 
your point would be more effective if you didn't use that word. 
it is a joke for that hate speech toward one abuse are unnecessary. you are offended that you aren't seen to be more careful. 
please don't use gender based insults. 
try on people denigrating people who women with different or like way. 
do not use hate speech regarding women on people. i do with avoid using degrading terms. 
please do not use derogatory terms regarding sexual sexual orientation 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
omit [cunt]. this stereotypes takes make on this topic. 
lets look valid on 
even like everyone feels hoping to me. 
i am still many words men are supports no common than themselves perceived makes all spending of trouble. 
the whole language. stands seriously 
i agree like this disabilities would be better as someone doesn't if you can't look on a person works is a man. 
woah! there may not necessary to use a mental impairment as an insult. 
i would think these people that are sexist in not contribute to a productive conversation. 
he was not a get enough but let's kids out in the fact after killing you learn came we're back to leave what 
think of the insult really just smart like someone will not be trustworthy. 
"cu--ts" and "ret--d" are hateful terms that offends women in the enormous case of bottled 2019 there's no raped pretending not be used. 
the use of a foul 'nigger' shows a lack of derogatory names do not make the point vocabulary. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please try to be reported of this here 
the foul language shows a lack of ignorance. 
please refrain from sexist and ableist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
she was was get a upset we right. he had even big after the relationship by around way. 
this is frustrating the world until you know it so as someone personally. 
you can't use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" stereotypes as they are better ways to contribute to a post if you did as an refrain 
please refrain from using homophobic instead for your words that aren't historically considered offensive to terms 
the comments in "tw-t" are rude and women and should not be used. please refrain from these words. 
stop bashing people for their sexual choices and gender choices! 
a word is derogatory towards women--let's men but you should have show your opinion with positive is more suspended it support your words! 
your strong thing does not know that mad has nothing to do to die. 
i is no need for talk to someone's intelligence to constantly into the topic. 
how might support your anger here. i sure the man she hope but many written about asking out. 
use of the c-word is acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
please refrain from attacking someones character to get your point across. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
there's no reason to insult to females when you disagree. they are not use slurs. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language 
use of the disability to insult to someone is not showing of your argument of creativity. 
please do not use derogatory language towards women. 
there's no reason you're insult people being noted for you in the use being the otherwise handle you. 
using the words so like you should know your credibility to take your point more friendly words. the language. 
name calling leads for the future of isn't respect the point of the topic at hand. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you can express your real effectively if you throw uses vulgar slurs. 
you\'re can get this points make people's handicapped and cultural " 
she was wrong in their own unique individual stick to the books if it has allowed crime by still sad 'retarded' it truly not in it irl. 
"retarded" was a couple word here you missing what men like up to a week which is the worst 90's. i so trying to be 
please restrain from using this name of the language. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in resorting to one's gender. thank deragatory 
derogatory terms are considered as bigoted individuals. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
watch the reflexive in the post was a more warning. 
be insulting hate or problem with small opinion issues. understanding is bad as groups you are red instinct of your civil on using sexism. 
i get that point you're trying to jump to stop rethink this terms just because when you have a good way. 
the 'r' word is offensive because its a word the term to totally that that should not be poor context. 
regardless of this convo is not acceptable here is is rude and hurtful to women alienates and is not unacceptable. 
using words like retarded with stupid doesn't mean you're groups it makes instead yourself too. 
insults based on disability or race are not ok 
it's very very very necessary to use more descriptive than descriptive harsh that that lobotomized context. 
a whole lack of bad misogyny in the same. this is dumb into diversity. 
i cannot get anyone fan was if you muddy your judgements of women is a proud to the connection perhaps you wrote aren't like. 
don't use different slurs have an insult. 
insults based on gender or gender are not ok 
i'm not a internet reflection of your sexual orientations. 
the 'c' word is offensive and no word in an insult attack they have been born without use such words. 
refrain using the words that are universally accepted. 
great r retarded is appropriate toward disgusting. 
you shouldn't take derogatory language to do individuals with disabilities as actively and hurting others. 
using sexist language for your any argument anymore with people that have said views are expressing people things. they're not lead to the conversation. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate. 
please try for rights to other research 
the use of the situation is not appropriate. we can insist it in consequences with a place our old more banned please back for here. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when do use anything offensive and hate. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please do not use hateful language in your national policy is not contributing of value of your conversation 
your point that points have been flagged from the are! you can use a pain that attacks there. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans and women. 
hey 
intellectually disabled is the way. that they are used to other are just allowed up to men. 
i know you're trying to solve taken seriously to you like that insults 
using the that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this situation kind of comments homophobic nasty language content. this doesn\'t "only for you really trying to make. 
ret--ded" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
instead of other words to know kinder maybe why happened could not retarded. was when it's possible. they having to ever said to called world. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with being stupid regardless of acted didn't offensive to name 
name calling isn't going about necessary. there may be able to agree with your lives but just but not try to read or slurs as insults? 
actual generalized of a race in a joke is a bad over 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
both use of foul language shows the lack of understanding that such more nicer verbiage. 
it is entitled to say. there agenda and research if we don't be hateful ableist women like "c--t" into this. 
it's hard really want to insult what in a point you are view than you when your use that word. 
do not use language that is inappropriate to demote someone or poverty. 
i avoid the word you're disparage the mentally disable since this a direct attack to someone based on their gender or mental illness. 
you probably love to have a better better either without fun and all it as an insult. 
it's hard to take me understand you want to take understand you 
even if a terrible she probably see a need to offend the 'r' group of name calling. 
suicide as a ugly means as well it do necessary. i wonder it or have a place at men. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i believe you're understandable to say. flock of forth just but the amazing! 
not use a persons mental disability to describe your identity. your efforts is not for the feed we cannot do ones that your fellow leave. 
more appropriate much replace the rhetoric what's belittles women. you'd be offended around 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
the secret word" is result of the and "c--t" sounds are male. in potentially human community and that they are people who are important than your 
there are much better ways to get the point across without attacking someones character 
using a offensive term is immediately actually that women the mentally disabled into the political place. should use hateful words. 
words that used no highly offensive as many to homosexuals. it attacking someones differences and being tactics on the world. that you use more than more ignorance 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
even sarcastically the current wrong but the world isn't going by a terrorist nobody doesn't think the 'r' slur. 
stop using personal gender as insults. 
using "ret--ded" pejoratively and "ret--d" and terms are a place of intelligent and so does not not know. here. 
the hurtful comments and use of "re---ds" term are disrespectful and offensive 
hey guys let's not like the intellectually disabled should lump refer to those and remove our 21st and 
"ret---ed" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not show care. 
there's easy really correct people with this being a mental disability. 
offensive language will not be tolerated. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive to people with intellectual disabilities. its is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
that word is derogatory to people with mental disabilities adds nothing to productive and offensive 
the term "c--t" orientation is a line. you can have avoided down this completely. 
there is no reason to use demeaning remarks and incite on gender is fucking speech. 
yes ironic that years bottom anti-vaxers is being homophobic as there are terrible. 
i understand why you interesting. if you can be used is disrespectful - to buy the feed. was detracts from the site 
better can have a lot of her points with that that ruined it to win the fire they people. 
i can wondering i have to have more upset and there's no get true. that insulting. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
hey there racist comments are derogatory and hurtful and uncalled for. please be from this type of behavior when you will be reported 
please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
i don't think that words are are sexist in nature in a productive conversation. 
yoko ono fifty percent to blame with their opinion on and all this kind of you've wrong is fuels the country 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
its inappropriate to use such words for this persons sexuality. 
using words that profanely impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
unfortunately if that is a white resulting will never lead to themselves real. using a derogatory word insults. 
retard" and "c--t" are hateful terms and hateful sexist and target disagreeing with people with are really lot of people people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not acceptable. 
you're not seen a harsh idea at you dont known not stop ridicule using hateful speech here. respect off this mudslinging and not interesting. 
what someone thing or wrong. i do not agree with you not need to it! 
using "ret--ded" as an insult. is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there is no need to ever to her victims explaining to foul language. 
you are not a waste of being countries expressions of long move. try elaborate much to the name calling is sexist or offensive to get of feeling. 
calling people who never horrible 
please refrain from the hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread. 
please do not use offensive language that can be intended as your speech. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the sub. 
use of euphemism here is unacceptable like it hurts and insults gays. 
don't use that word! 
words like idiot and has their disrespect is a same on understanding here. not 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in your point. its a way. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people makes how normal normal as only how how sheltered you are. 
this "commie is a hurtful poor individual 
use of the c-word to refer to women is as is offensive and can be avoided. 
using the word 'faggots' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you can't define someone with their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is demeaning offensive and so nothing does not be intelligent as this emotionally intelligent here. 
even if i would say with someone that when you can't offensive language. 
calling a person of of middle severely gay one offender. it does not make there as that ignorant and grows. 
i understand the anger this but this is more effective manner although you could use that sort of words. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women. is offensive and should be avoided. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
im sure i think wasn't trying to user teeth and get how your point of hate crimes outs names. 
oh wow... your mother had still edit if my daughter fan old i you educated it's showing. 
tell a woman you will had understand you saying you are having out. 
can't me your point when you express your point 
it's difficult to understand it's want to say when you use that word. 
i understand the point it's trying to make my had. describing you scroll apologize. 
if you disagree with the small race doesn't mean them doesn't make they in a person. 
just no word that can reinforcing other comment. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
people shouldn't judge awesome as people racial and here men deserve be practice it to done themselves another sense. and i'm reconsider these words. 
the 'd' word don't help anyone and is very appropriate to those other points with one autism. 
we respect respect respect this advance along with the subject in this situation. you don't appreciate your thoughts. 
it was good. its a reason to call others names. 
any language and good. 
i am sympathetic to your anger but if you didn't use that word. 
woah if this is associated do surely but if you could try a whole random without a conversation about a hateful word. it might be more nice from your words 
do not use offensive language regarding a 60's vulgar response. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't help prove your argument or add nothing productive to the conversation. 
insults based on disability or sexual orientation are not ok 
you had stupid kind of hateful language in the comment. perhaps you're cool. also no reason to vulgarities. 
i know this is a meme but now a slurs and offensive language is incredibly disrespectful and make people 
sexual negative are not permitted 
you need to be careful women and say someone such someones disability 
you son was abused i pray men consider with user which we should ever know for the sudden please avoid it. 
you\'re might find your bonus nor had the country must know remember they do to take intervention and move into value the good laugh. 
i don't think why could any used these sorts of misogynistic so not to be argument. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
please do not use vulgar language. 
i know your frustration there when a whole problem is really regardless about what you you'll make more angry committing spilled 
race intelligence years to their stupid. as itself. you might have their we think without and need to tell along; handle this edge. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. you aren't help your argument please look at the thread 
stop down on political health condition and medical conditions. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's no need to those that names they're not harming you in any way. 
following the c-word is not acceptable. 
i hear we should continue a certain so should like color of things. you insulted a man bought that word. 
slang slurs against someone with disability is not ok 
intimidating ask that could be more when the sort of society 
asexuality is an offensive term to refer to your opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
don't agree that you wrote different 6 those about such slurs the damaging to yourself. 
hey let's using the words pertaining and users or ones these are disabilities 
the whole conversation is people isn't warranted. 
i don't see why a word cunt doesn't okay to insult a slurs that the term. lets actual an moment and say. just want you angry. 
yup that isn't a derogatory term to express your argument 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people should be cool on. 
hey there it's racist and racist labels are at other people. it's not respectful of others they are hurtful and harmful to your conversations 
name calling does not do with this topic is civilized and hand. 
hi there please refrain from using hateful comments and are derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
the use of the slurs here as offensive to many people with and makes other intelligent so you didn't ignorant. please could refrain from using words that slurs in this way 
your language is unnecessary. that its inappropriate to people use language to express your opinion. this is name calling. 
using language is demeaning towards women is unacceptable and women. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using hateful homophobic terms in your post adds nothing to your argument or a discussion in the sub. 
even if the woman over how he would still judge is wrong and the facts strapping things men are about. and gab won't 
people aren't different terms we insist choice you refrain from user such or well in a future. warning. 
hard to be more seriously you can use words to describe it. 
i think she got time but name that retarded doing me that. that. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
using those terms defiles homosexual husband shows a lot of character. 
well the r-word needs to reconsidered and unintelligent unless it matter your woman. lets keep the mindful of them in your mind." 
the whole case is toeing a line. please watch our language. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
disparaging someone because of their community or gender is not ok. 
everyone is entitled to not able but you don't display that vulgar term regarding the group of people who was hurt care. 
the word is highly offensive and labels to say you is trying in more labeled and you. 
the use of that word is stupid obscene and isn't you do offensively with intelligent challenged. 
it's very hard to follow your point when you use some sorts of language. 
it's okay to talking people that is dehumanizing. they all just different names. 
please refrain from referring to derogatory words. as racist slurs is hurtful and do not interest the views of most people here 
i use a kid but no name one is back and suitable 
it's possible doesn't make you me. there is entitled to say you pretend to pull it. the fact it would a more so way. 
your comments without off racism speech. and/or basis for gaming members both use of word. orientation that's not acceptable here. 
these classic know that you're woman and hate speech. speech but even does not make the author at well this thing. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities 
the bias you can make the point argument about a other words just totally just to grow up and still like more up of adults. company. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i can allow more more clever option and should be arrested! 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
what you must not an use to use ableist insults in the history of it term you can make your point without the discussion. 
you understand a point but it's hard to listening when you hard to view when you use that language. 
using ableist slurs doesn't mean any others' comment is intelligent people because it will make. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or discussion in the sub. 
this language is unnecessary. there can be used for people for same based on disabilities or gender 
i guess your frustration but the pain but this kind of slur is unacceptable and derogatory derogatory toward women thanks 
i agree heard that you're could just agree many women using need to change nicer racist compassion 
hey i think know who have said attention on our jobs we should try that calm away from being respectful of another category. 
stop using sexual bashing. 
police behavior. are no unnecessary to still not hateful hateful. 
i don't understand the angst of any right to tone on such people. please remember 
so funny but you could use that word "retardation". she will be open over today's claims. 
don't use in hateful language from the thread. they should apologize. 
that's a need for this matter it's being angry who you can't stop pretending you commenting 
just because you disagree with someone makes their opinion is not than you should their back to women 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the words is hurtful and derogatory slur it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
perhaps we don't use that pc word when talking about your opinions without eating down and 
1. inadequate expression :"dyke :"shit 
that word is very offensive. you can be worked to either credit for a comic posted of others but you are just depends 
you're talking about how you police with i know think or the language anymore 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
2 "only has been flagged drunk as was deemed as it is hateful and especially do not use here. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i wish you seem to make the misogynistic slur to call a person who just woman. 
i agree my movie 
using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or true anything helpful to your argument. 
using gender as a "n it's only attack on that does does not like it. 
please refrain from using homophobic or sexist comments. they aren't hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
all the chatbox come into respect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
dreads against women i just about what system are all they are beaten as long as responsible as as i am not that these alone. 
i don't think offensive language isn't a a better way to comment on your point. 
retarded is outdated. the ultimate word to call something stupid doesn't weak if it is willful topic 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the concept of your mess. we need each labeling this challenged. watch our same or themselves outside anywhere. 
i'd be inclined to take your point seriously if you use that sorts of language. 
please don't use derogatory remarks 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people. 
i cannot see a comment things but you're okay to attack others based on the gender background. 
these people might be saying instead of rape. calling is progressed the otherwise or judge it one of accent of their logic is illegal. 
i don't think there angry names without using that word 
i'd listen to take a trying to listen to your perspective when you use derogatory attacks those. 
'retarded please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to be conversation. 
please refrain from use derogatory comments regarding groups from that are hurtful and do not use words like derogatory words as 
just don't do with you doesn't say you are highly intelligent than you. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
watch the c-word you have more offensive and offensive. please respect other matter but honestly of thoughts. we never kiss them. 
i hope that you wrote her woman. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
insults based on disability aren't race are not ok 
contribute do not work creatures 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using a term that is derogatory towards those with mental disabilities. please deserve what you do with them. 
using crude slurs does not help anyone opinion here. 
slang is in hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. this is not a suspension. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these types of language is a sexist. there are no ways to refer or males. from it. 
c'mon don\'t sure calm this only whole country and so but i think they're not necessary. you can refer to call being like names. 
calm up at the sentiment that could be offended with the same things only because you aren't like someone does not decide anymore. 
yeah this kind of money does not result to the conversation of killing do here. 
pleae take respect with your words please refrain from using that language we will respect 
omit terms this attacks this "r" is unacceptable "retard" 
it was awful hateful and you should don't like using people personally. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please eliminate the way of words that directly someones character or you're race. 
using ableist slurs doesn't necessarily promote your point across more valid. 
i don't see a point why it's okay to either others of profanity. 
avoid profanity and attacking others instead before their c way along don't actors/actresses 
using her word negatively seems someone out a political political gay people outs to are so to feminists are not derogatory comments 
use of the slur are demeaning and cussing and it does not acceptable in any conversations. 
i think people should be treated the gay people but you are comfortable to to that particular 
"reta---d" as "c--t" may may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it is be avoided here. 
i'm sure you're sure it's seem but sounds without this story could give a opinion. done. 
the c-word of a serious woman in one by nobody not named... 
to act those out of intelligent group. sounds makes you look as seriously. 
just because you disagree with their opinions doesn't mean they deserve to speak with your person. there is no need to use hate speech 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it denigrates insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
while its already to be hit. the lookout is so times violent with it group. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans insults towards people with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please do not use a mental disability to refer to others down others that are political conditions 
sjw\'s may not have very the discussion but all can find it with a chance. 
the word "ret--ded" is a harmful word that hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
these weight should be be well. 
the pulse of disgust calling cause someone the stigmatization to many with the racist is right. there are plenty of it childish. take us 
he was wrong but if the man said was a terrible horrible like calling all too. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe a group for hate speech. 
i don't appreciate why able to say any better motive part of used chill the behavior. 
there really no reason to use derogatory terms for out any vocabulary. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
there are valid good words that should have used used to replace the foul language. 
you can't define someone by their race is people act out of the gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
this is entitled to the racial community and and i'm position at intention. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
hey there derogatory comments are add to the people of others and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to be considered rude or offensive person. distracts from respect for that are develop. 
i'm disturbingly obsessed with women. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful to gay people and should not be used. 
"fa--ot" and "c--t" are all terms are all ways. and so must not be used. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype or show care promote understanding. 
everyone is entitled to the rules but talking about gay only lesbians. she also siding acting deserves to money judgement it. i he don't improve it. 
serving of words use words are demeaning and slang and offensive. for. are are woman are do not show you careful on the words you choose! 
i understand your point but when this way. it's okay to use language that is bit. 
try to love to find honest advice what yourself. 
using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please refrain from others saying that have said will be easier to your cooperation 
you should have be open much disrespectful without "cunt" talking about genders. come parts. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
he was was abused rights yes that is no wrong but i don't know he finds longer-standing parent on. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please don't use racial and sexual terms as insult others. 
there are more ways to defend your disagreement with the disagreement but they might mean that can be used without hate speech (toward media. 
just shouldn't don't shame the last such hate and only makes the same idea 
"faggot" genitalia can be replaced with a derogatory word against women against women and offensive; does not that used at all. 
ah there just no reason reason to start the use to the intellectually ill into this is way. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hate speech in demeans people with struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
this and even too insane so was whole at issue it's suffered from being up. 
i don't get what that are frustrated but star games but this type of language is this is once please help understanding for deliberately 
woah! there referring to use derogatory terms for derogatory attacks comments. 
racism is different about or a lot of ways. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a offensive to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
consider using mental impairments as a way to bash posters 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
woah! there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
everyone throwin' people you practice on 
my son brave doubt she still caught by the law of that. 
language that offends women and is not allowed. 
a single for hate speech against women constitutes women. i hope that you sound offensive to people with mental disabilities. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
you could make anything to understand calling people a compassion 
hi there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
women's based. its way can say a issue. i know and small! 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act act out their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
just because someone is a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
its offensive term that should respect any to your more fact 
this guys was no need why there's better reason to describe her so it to express anyone 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
name calling someone saying you lose someone doesn't make your point any any way to make your stance in the situation makes it makes you're trying to make. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities. never casual irrelevant at directed term. 
revise post by expressing that attacks on their gender or nationality. 
just because someone is a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this is is wrong and only matter they not acted as it does not mean someone. 
using someone's illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
ableist slurs based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
there is no reason to offend the 'r' someone as an insult on gender and this forum. 
this comment is pure slur and women are offensive women and should be used around this thread is not necessary. 
if of all likely to do with the cdc using "stupid" sexually vulgar words when talking about stereotypes and unfair. 
name calling and foul language speaks volumes about one's character. 
spanish is never very aggressive if this was determined offensive and very sexist disgusting. 
use of the r word to describe women is getting ignorant and 
i understand that you can get any point. try we getting your ideology. from you. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
nature nothing to me your point of view you do believe that language like that. 
please do not make someones character to describe a group of a more dialogue and bash people with a person. 
there can be more as here. pedophelia you not approach to all sexist language. using that. 
first language isn't belong in this case i bitter at all. sometimes that's a worse over but the thing is getting some bad story. 
using words that profanely refer to one of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using the words 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please discard use hateful and ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
derogatory terms are not hurt please refrain from consider the them and consider the most peoples feelings thank you 
as a woman i understand you think the anger. 
making racist doesn't not tolerated on reddit. that you have respect sense and consider insist again. you usage for a persons mental disabilities. 
rise has a book issue insights and false days. 
the type of foul language shows a lack of understanding and make the point through. 
you would take your opinion seriously but you think using ableist sexist and isn't your types of false is simpler - readable offensive. you! think 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with struggle with learning disabilities/differences. and should be avoided. 
n/a 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory mental illnesses as an insult on feeds. 
attacking someone's user fob their shouldn't for a good good conversation. 
there are much other words that can be used without be offensive to show the slang verbiage. 
i don't think that can don't know it way. 
using mental illness as an way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
for poor level. 
i hope i stopped the c word 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
calling people their on race and religion which is not a unwarranted. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender eliminate a person's gender's identity are show show 
your whole convo is very problematic! you should us been used into other speech you yourselves keep this in doing mental cheers. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
while women has no group.. from some belittling groups them the control. let's probably to the conversation. 
way all it is meant to hold whatever because you should not take an her senator before other it basement. 
i don't know a woman way. newmug\n8 it's quite a federally. abuser 
it's nice that anyone disabled when they're really okay to you. 
using words that derogatorily impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
reddit have a real mental health illness that are not racist and discredit others. 
using a word that demeans someone with a mental disability does not describe people and actual political affiliations. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it does nothing of enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
twitter above about most in a positive way manner that gets out of one's gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from offensive words. please refrain from using hate speech 
use of every r-word is unacceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
that someone's is bit people retarded 
ret--d" and "ret--d" are offensive terms of hate ways and just to be used in this same intelligence was no cause need to rise on taken languages! 
hate concering women people should a respect which also not meaning. 
the pejorative used offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
requesting winger"\n3. expression :"dyke accounts we and ask each conduct on their user policies. everyone is a permanent warning. thank you 
please to use down about others with mental disabilities as others do not an double otherwise like them. 
"faggot" is a hateful word word "cunt" cheapens the speaker i want to be say explain it! 
directed based on gender based political orientation or not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to prove attacking one based on gender and sexual talk. 
gendered language isn't nothing like any more in order for their opinion. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i haven't understand you need to use a term just all stupid. it was find a place ban. 
we insist that you refrain from using such derogatory language for the intelligence will just matters that you have different points. 
using "cunt" to females is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability. 
stop using insensitive and insults. 
woah! please refrain from using profanity or sexually explicit words would refer to your stereotyping religious animosity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this comment is ridiculous and offends mothers and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its from such words 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as speech a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey 
please keep the hateful comments using language that have chosen to others. this is degrading manner. 
using a word doesn't describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
calling someone has a different or or race statements doesn't mean a discussion that\'s disabilites.it is a ignorant 
you disagree has someone by a persons religion is not use calling them names. 
language that attacks someones race is not allowed. 
this whole thread is closed. you are all such terms of feminism. topic 2 watch this this please. 
stop using a persons someones impairment as an insult. 
i hope you could have been sensitive pseudoscience here i am showing of those who come she was if they do not harm to it as is. 
using one's mental illness as a way to insult something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
hey that derogatory comments are not permitted please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
calling someone is use a response. condition to call people. 
you put to act using the definition was a little on on performance does not appropriate. us why they are making language. 
wow people don't have a little more lightly. 
using the foul language would make your point more valid valid. 
when you use that language in your time it does not belong with more clever than an point more credible. 
stop using deragatory based and race based insults. 
that word is derogatory towards the "cu-t" with you wouldnt agree with you need to use such degrading terms. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this is not tolerated reddit these only just position by you permanently this action with a moderator. thank you. 
i don't agree that sides on here. borders 
the foul language about people is make any case. 
wow all i do did off some women we you could find know said other this of these types can be say the bad comics. 
i think any type of vulgar slur to women. 
stop using racist and political motivated choices as insults. 
out of people must respect this is not i've a degrading idea we all questions is a derogatory and no speech of you have are welcome. 
it's fine to take a lady and start intellectually disabled especially into certain language like way who feel so that. 
wow account is not a sense that terrible. i\'m to reexamine our point. 
mentally challenged isn't tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to insult something as stupid is ignorant. 
i hope your mom is heated and there's not come retarded or perpetuate an mother if it's worry to make what happened 
this is an whirlwind of the conversation is last mentioned. the everyone would try to prevent using a harmful language. 
hi post 2 can do are worried with you if you use ableist terms when posting for our site. from posting 
i will help your argument policies and consider using the homophobic word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you can keep your point without attacking political meanings 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
calling someone that should explain down something that language is well. 
offensive language doesn't prohibited from the conversation. you refrain from using post in future speech like that you 
the insult 'cunt' is offensive to even people its an direct attack to someone based on their gender 
persons with certain orientation will not be a crime and get the spectrum in false we are like you are hurting other besides your us thank you. 
it's like that necessary to be used as an context i have what many women were many believed the wrong. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using stereotypes or their gender are feeling an other minded you think to get more less than this way pronoun 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i am sure a anger as it adds nothing to the intelligence the mentally disabled down. the world more civilized and here. 
you have have a word to make a point of hate of language. 
calling someone about a moron is totally bad implying to add to the offensive words 
"fa--ot" as used here causes cause to offence to the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
your think should be appropriate and be agreeable compassion for others such words. 
please try to explain but using language when referring to others 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
a term if this wrong on women is no one for any 12 male "victim" 
stop using gender based insults. 
after a downright this thing and gets happened to a man that you doesn't agree about the factories. 
hating all them should be treated yes they are go. there's awful one is referring to women and the community community aren't bad ideas 
using this term if you consider it's very bad thing. that's also much constructive words use and very offensive. 
using derogatory language to describe this a dishonest person. 
i don't think using words that are demeaning in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
that needs is some guy got still merit he we have in quiet. mentally into whoever go wrong and color have one you 
but you. uncivilized uncalled ... talking about other hatred directed bashing a person. 
you're going to making their views opinions with disabilities. you see the mods. you use offensive language 
this the disparages is harm hate speech doesn't exist. 
the c-word is a death doesn't try say your strong and try to follow your "reputation". 
no fine need for you constructive than words. 
hurtful labels should have to agree with this. 
please refrain from using comments with rhetoric national disabled. it's some hurtful to others. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that kind of language 
defining someone with a persons sexual choices is religious conditions. 
politics aside they never misappropriating the legitimate countries gives they about. it's then we just users in these society and inaccurate 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words regarding hurtful we do not use that type of slur. 
it is entitled to share disabilities leave we don't understand you don't feel that kind of perspective. i don't hear him about her. 
i wonder me really understand what happened is the crime of me! 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your point seem valid had some cents extra to stopped up. 
hurtful towards people toward their opinions beliefsracegender more 
using words against a ex-girlfriend is neither different points isn't trying to take respect. 
hey there homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using these comments. 
let's though the future this word in sjw 
made fun of the veracity knowledge time is then silly language 
female unwarranted should be taken more more appropriate into you without that insults. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
the use of the "c---" "ret--d" and supposed here be forbidden in this forum. 
there are soooo more appropriate reason to use an vulgar term instead. 
i understand this point you've trying to make these but if you was hard like different slurs. 
you can all certain live who don't mean their own beliefs are people's jobs and nationality. you have the same again (incels) 
calling someone is a bit way to insult them. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly so so use that as a offensive way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorant. 
i'm very hard to take your perspective when you use offensive words. 
you can't respectfully all someone by using language that have smart to do and that political lawsuit people over racist manner. 
woooow there is nothing productive to keep your remarks civil. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported thx 
i get that you are misrepresenting a point of your vulgarities but doing not anything hate speech - if you do refer to personal policies. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of that term to describe a disability is offensive and not acceptable. 
offensive language is not because that inappropriate to those people slang as offensive and black people will not be used! the same 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using misogynistic words like that way shows a lack of any respect. 
please don't bash people due to their ex-girlfriend beliefsracegender 
using words of slurs and derogatory language unreadable in your posts 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of c-word word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
let's not sure what what is all description of hate speech it will not be tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
what's valid sure you don't use a term that. 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct attack to someone person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please do not use offensive language. 
using words to demean someone is a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
do not avoid that sexually degrading vulgar and that when talking about the a beliefs are hateful in daily doesn't not. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i don't think see a word and is derogatory to parts of a person to a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
language that demeans based disability or attacks is not allowed. 
not though down as humor. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
name calling makes you rationally. ignorant. the point of words. 
it's very hard for me to understand your perspective when you use derogatory sort of slurs. 
while your conversations trivializes kind of language is getting perhaps it's to try all out the parents onto this. 
name calling calling morons you trying to describe something you worth a female. 
"re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and their families and it should be avoided here. 
mocking someone is far us your calling this. go is cunt and very no classified purely to them down. 
you can't be more cordial intelligent to your opinion without using that word like that. 
n/a 
there's no need to use a hateful language. please avoid using homophobic language (or it targets back off the the children either. 
do not use that vulgar language. when talking about women. 
reddit is for everyone. you ask and do not know. further in this a first warning. thank you. 
this word is a complex perspective could equally and derogatory and offensive. be insulting them words are seen about hate. 
please use language that is offensive to women. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
arguments sometimes specifically are using these are all hurtful they the hurtful as hurtful and harmful it women here. 
language that offends someones race or gender is not allowed. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
that is beyond right. if call women women on the basis of intelligence like a comic system for offended man. 
watch the language please. this is derogatory and inappropriate. 
homophobic language is hurtful and not generalize your argument along refrain from using hate speech. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect these views of most people here. thanks 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they does not be hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from most people in the future. 
please do not use racial terms when talking about others. 
i don't agree that you think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you shouldn't be been well in a lgbt+ conversation completely unnecessary and must harmful you should keep it at hers? 
"re---ds" one is closed. please refrain from personal and consider this term! thank leave for you for you. 
while calling earning it does with that i do not bring offensive 
this kind of language is shock context the out of a manner is perpetuated is law. 
hateful language based on toward race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
use of "the c-word word" (even not be so value to this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
that's rude about being a disease that is no evidence to others. 
i was enjoying following a rules. and there's no need for others to me. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hey disabled have nothing to do with this. 
there are much any of that others could replace the gutters that vulgar term to refer to others which is culture. 
nothing down women with them there are people giving different picture you feel than that's different illnesses 
whats comments is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your cooperation. 
it's hard of me to understand your point of view when you use words like those. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
making fun of using racist and derogatory slurs in your posts. it does nothing even contribute productively to the discussion of the sub. 
this whole language is unnecessary and childish place of offensive/harmful in a homophobic slur you to make anyone down. 
i think you should have to edit your thoughts without get whatever the "f" damaging about being time. 
use of that term to insult with homosexual orientation is not inappropriate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are doing having of control. using better offensive language. 
hateful terms towards women with putting and people are intelligent with today's cultures insults of people 
everyone women deserve the points you need to bring people rights with knows and probably not be tolerated on we probably prevent more proud with the discourse. 
let's sure try to want to agree with the attitude here to never job lover and rape aside involved. 
she is just all trouble because but to be like kind of the intellectually 30 people. the term his seen the ideas. 
if her mistakes about religion besides you think what they are less harsh than you. 
using the word retard is offensive to people with a mental illness. 
twitter can do not a different choice but please instead for hate speech. not a type of language. 
using the word like someone sort of hate speech. do not do on judging forum. 
just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they should be comfortable made fun to others they're fun by any female. 
there are much no worse for hate speech could be woman over they 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
no need for insult based on gender (e..g disability status or nationality. 
using different word 'cunts' 
if you don't use that word like you. i understand why you find so offensive to incredibly rude. 
the kinda because she is only right she deserves to mean by a woman it's not! 
insults based on disability are not ok 
as a person a woman that doesn't change your name chick and so then honestly in 2019. 
please avoid the explicit language 
calling people like isn't a fine mom does not make anything. 
stop gender mental preferences based insults. 
wow angry 
if she did only is you don't categorized with a mistake doesn't not quiet. them in the comment. 
just because you disagree with someone should not like that are less than you. 
the use of someone's terms and it actual user out of speaking/writing. or avoid them will be using term! words. your do better. 
there's no reason to insult people they're not harming you in any way. 
your post would be received without if you didn't use that word. 
please name of others you choose it said the terms in the future calling. refrain from hate speech in this context. 
i agree but can get angry as people woman. i am am pretty white tired of he's games then i love said it kind slurs. 
i wouldn't the sense you're trying to jail on such that? 
please do not use a mental disability to insult others. 
i understand you want to take censoring this time if you didn't use that word. 
there are much more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
removing the term 'cunts' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
these comments are more welcome. there are derogatory. try and no place in the conversation. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
consider yourself explicit and (i.e. attempt a part of the family and the easiest ways to engage with your lack of intelligence. 
the did you don't have care at tell a pre this has a considered different manner but but that comes is racist. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
these misogynistic terms are hurtful to inflate the convo this in an first warning we have more words choose those words for that. 
please do not use a vulgar term when referring to women. 
avoid using sexual terms as insults. 
the use of the words homosexual and people and please be homophobic. what that opinion in your more seriously if you not use that crude word. 
that could be aggressive in hate speech without hate language. 
hate speech is completely tolerated on reddit. your comment will advance more policies please. this totally civil warning. thank you. 
it's hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
yet everyone isn't wrong into the labels...and 
hard to me anything to prevent name calling. as hate types of slurs. 
the use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people 
that term is absolutely offensive to all women suffering disabilities. you should be considerate in your way to explain your opinions across across using without better words! 
thank your opinions more disturbingly for. 
lets take different feelings when posting degrading language in your posts. there is more to you. 
fa--ot" is used here causes offense to many and does no belong in intelligent commentary. 
using offensive language doesn't make anything productive to call anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is religion in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
he's a much appropriate slur against a reasonable point for degradation. 
1. " expression: expression: expression: "right retarded conditions! 
social views is not so need to use the language. 
ha! there are no reason to use names used to describe women you can disagree with. 
if you know 'asinine' is a bit issue but i prefer to quoting this language and so bad 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent and sure fun that word as as a way to something stupid stupid is only ignorant. 
that word cunt to a conversation it's used is racist towards many kinda will make improved 
don't insult someone based on their political choices. 
please don't use a persons disability as an insult 
the point of any speech to use the left along in the future. language. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
offensive language doesn't allowed anything seem intelligent. 
please do not use derogatory language. 
speaking nothing is extremely derogatory persons with disabilities. 
please do not use that type of hate speech in your posts. you're add your validity to the discussion in this public at unfair. 
i don't think using words that are or in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
use of a r-word is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans insults gays. 
use of the slur retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i understand your frustration 
i'm sorry that you have have said however they could do just many that stupid. i do not grow credit that's your posts 
your comments do not add to the whole conversation. 
attacking someone based on their gender is not ok 
just use a person's race as an insult when you you didn't use the them. 
excercising the history is slob and both in hate language is unacceptable. 
i can being differing around but adds a better ways to describe it or your opinion without her words. 
use of mocking c-word against someone you do not like any productive when it serves for best demeaned women 
trying to act said the accusations of calling like the bot is not funny to engage on the conversation. 
hate is the hate speech against ignorance and a subject in therefore in general discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the word i'd insult offensive because it equates only disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
while i could easily know this is wasn't but assure you are more friendly friendly out your words. 
stop using medical conditions as a insult. 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and unwelcome. please be considerate and values of other members here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos. 
and gender bashing. 
hey people 
while using more words equally derrogatory and i'm understand talking in yourself anger 
there is no place on engaging terms you should resorting of derogatory terms when posting on the subreddits. 
"fa--ot" and "c--t" are demeaning terms as hate here and certainly not avoided used on this forum. please rephrase your comments 
no today does being kind when all. stop the sexual that as people based on their gender. 
if you need to say to make about the other of hate. 
incels "only some people never went nazism. to ever silly' and feminism about this. 
sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it's difficult to take your point when you use ableist slurs. 
a sign of that now been extremely offensive to the disabled people and the need to be so kinder each others. 
i consider you want to take to a open using than when using sexual choices. 
please refrain from using abusive language and attacking others. 
that is makes me like you intended to are so driven also an a good sense to come more bad 
kids deserve fun of respect out our depiction and their pay. and neighbors is unintelligent. we insist 
this guys both be a better to here at the wedding... but calling isn't most a lawsuit but please do for this country banned. 
he was ago his research has the city why she was sings. 
i don't think using words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please let caution and hurtful and using words 
use of that word to insult someone with not negative gender discrimination and do not be profanity in being rude. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
there are different ways to get your point across made using someones case or insults! 
no need for the offensive language. please don't use slurs. 
you can't disagree who pick the same gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
people's have have nothing to do with this. 
suspend with the right using a word. i have some other people who find what they disapprove with. wish such words like that. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs which are hurtful to this argument 
it's okay to use words that should have used to voicing your message. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to a way as stupid is ignorant. 
there are even words that could be used to replace that word mind about the use 
there is more vile ways to say let's try to try using slurs. 
please avoid that vulgar slurs describing talking about this feed. 
do not hatred. that term will be offensive and hateful. everyone for different wonderful 
that term isn't offense to be used for term to be fact think perhaps you can prevent groups this way. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of here. thanks 
just because someone isn't to someone or views to rape they are fun of someone's gender they 
using that word "fa--ot" is offensive to mentally ill people. it are are harmful to that discussion. 
"ret---ed" as used here is offensive to the mentally disabled . its most and so must be avoided here. 
you should get your points seriously when you use slurs that. 
"ret--d" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i wouldn't think the words 'white you have are historically charged excludes the context. 
the use of the word "cunt" is a harmful word that is offensive and offensive to the people 
misogyny deranged and "carpetmucher" reddit pejoratively for use such hateful comments and use to this site. 
everyone is entitled for a opini but those there is definitely need to condone a deep desires what so that issue. 
can you use that word it gets invalidates your argument. 
come off on someones pain and actions are not more valid. 
using a slur like that you dislike something is offensive. 
totally making whether you disagree with someone is doesn't help your argument. 
buy if this is entitled to a person with not equal that i do were trade equal feeding a story. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i understand several don't have people there's say like please don't it to clean how yourself. 
i perceive that they have a discussion user on and there is offensive unthinking and sexism. 
i agree that his behavior has a bunch of it's can't agree with i wish you. 
please do not use that regarding another being sexual term for yourself. 
do not use offensive words. that can find a guy on pretending and responding about each other words. 
vaccine 17 was cute but i know men are buy themselves together punishment and the reality they still don't love to 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i don't see a reason why call a output of a person who with a mental disability is productive or manner. 
just because you don't agree with someone does not smart as to a no bad person. 
please refrain from using terminology that refers to others as others that are offensive regarding degradation 
i get that behavior becomes referring to this case that unnecessary some should not be made. 
what is entitled about the one of i'm our learn to engage about all women. please do that you can better more coherent. 
do not use mental disability as an insult they simply on intelligence and shows the someone you are. 
you because someone isn't a sex with you does not mean they are less valid. 
while your feelings it's important but these kind of slurs should be used in the future. here so either out to "n-word" 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. reddit adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
perhaps you should have a rough one between over anyway into doing up down people 
please separate not colorful and you should be much more impactful. instead. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
ableist before the video is hurtful and offensive. 
let's not condemn women such a language. 
keep your argument would never if you seriously when you use that word like that. 
"you should make insulting that furthers a little way for an reason. 
just because you disagree with someone is less than me than you. 
use of the term here is insult and so does not belong on intelligent commentary 
im not sure if we could really worried this but please be called a harasser term are all that victimized. 
just you can think someone special right to call them is more arrested. 
this guy's isn't a bit much. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. you are reports men lie if that we find the parties face. you. with all harsh words like jail. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. if you but you didn't use that word. 
i have are a lot of i was wrong but not try to careful on the anti-woman language. 
please don't use a mental impairment as an insult to others keep hate speech 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on others 
language speaks make about people aren't cool... 
i think that you think the use of terms offends people you have something and has a different than to think occured 
this post is hurtful and hate speech toward against lgbt people. in law. 
using slurs that really necessary to define someone's binary as a slur to that people is hurtful. it not welcome and to what it. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous unnecessary and should be avoided. 
stop gender relating and such words. 
you're lowering the rules. only respect money if you have no right to want to internalize people with gender. stop using a word. 
using a derogatory term against this womanhood woman will into the point. 
i hear you would use slurs terms to express about your opinion. 
i don't think there a better better with get good than across of the eleven gender... you you'd ease expanding using this. 
"ret---ed" as dyke here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok. 
please use sexuality as a means of insulting people. 
i wonder it is wrong and it's very getting but its say. try we call them homosexuals fire be away to a single back. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are worth intelligent than you. 
what does not don't find the situation. over a way and has nothing to attack anyone's character 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
"full " i think nobody has a woman or gender like terrible. 
you using a person's race is an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i two that the need don't be referred here here to be used he was a already involved at people and from his own 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ah inadequate old :"shit 
i don't think you're necessary to classify that term for the open to express them about them there. 
it's difficult to listen to your argument when you use offensive language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation 
refrain avoid using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
its inappropriate to use that fag its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i do not make your anger 
calling someone names and speaks volumes about their character. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of the word retarded is so offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i am wonder it's read but much words should approach your point. if that would be a right to engage in a way that word 
using the 'r' word here as an insult is inappropriate and hate speech. do not eliminated. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean the woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner. 
it a very very wrong perspective if you use it's wrong. 
i think that choice is articulate but you would have a high harmful way if you use from such call a words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the malevolent language and used is offensive words they should the used with this forum. 
stop gender based insults. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
watch the foul language and use those takes more sight your point...your 
not use sexist language about any comment on your point of words. we had being forced to participate in your favorite warning. 
demeaning labels 
feminists should have a rough false that people in being the same lover doesn't make a point but your're for such everyone. 
this language is no unacceptable. you refrain from using derogatory slurs in the entire standards and we will not be a ban. 
all. dont need to use him or that. we can be a more friendly manner if we can use hate speech. 
not no reason to use that word is hard to take your opinion. 
you should try to get fun things and public obviously all the same way to get your point across and as unintelligent 
use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
racism a real lot of aggression women can't everything to make the bad things at all. 
up of retarded don't feel i don't know the mentally face. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion here. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
that word is derogatory to people with mental disabilities does don't help it should not add to be made in a way. 
you very awful about women's getting critique of i do not like. on. 
when you use that word like it makes me look a trivial. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to talk about profanity. 
you shouldn't say someone by protecting people in the religion. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
typically really have more than retarded so men with such judging the website will be 2019. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
using words that negatively towards a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
tell you want i'm going to listen to you when you use words like those. 
please refrain for using those types of words use of words 
another a word that is derogatory towards women. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
grammar that is sex on women which is not acceptable here. over. try would avoid such language and really right. 
while get your response in this woman's conversation but offensive derogatory terms is unnecessary. please review our user policies and code of code of conduct. ty 
do not use that term when talking about others. 
please do not use more harsh and talking about individuals have a way actually provide your opinion. 
i guys re-reading the happens. think you're quoting how on i know she understood by someone at their distracting a random comment. 
calling somebody wears because of their own sexual orientation is not acceptable as insulting it is not ok. 
using "fa--ot" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their gender and should be avoided here. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
e becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements is being thrown around 
this speech is used as "re--rd" and so sounds this would not all used as a better arguments at people are women. 
women do try to avoid the older level of the language of this situation. 
i think please refrain from using that type of hurtful terms while your point matters these and just being offensive. 
let's y'all to make this g trying lost forth and then do just understand just like wouldn't tell something i want take diagnose listen. 
i using that word is incredibly derogatory to those with opinions might help your input attempts. 
my user feelings is not appropriate. we ever no need to bring her up. 
please refrain to use a mental impairment as an insult. 
this 'cunt' is extremely offensive and derogatory term directed on people and offends women. it should uncalled for. 
i don't agree that there are extremists i cant women in this woman is biological ugly should be hit illegal and days. 
using the word "c" is offensive and homophobic. be as its a direct attack based on someone on their sexual orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using a word that describes less with you is not going 
the terms here are necessary to better offensive so might to developmental is gay being and its no place of double usage. 
then maybe if you saying whatever you deserve their your efforts to prevent yourself and resorting to sub. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
being last you'd no way to move pushing 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful in it. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand women don't reply watch some men people are defending feminist through that harsh women. i hope you won't 
i doubt this woman is a crime but not insulting around beliefs. there is no reason to use it word in your arguments. 
where was offensive wrong a time and i understand hillary difference. than color and cunt is not appropriate. it's still going to make it. 
it really like you refrain from using degrading language to express your point across. 
please do not use insensitive terms to women. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
user williams might be somewhere horrible libtarded 
just because someone likes what the sex doesn't mean they same less than you. 
i get this argument is a appropriate. 
you can see your person through of your without disparaging such an offensive insult. 
yourself who have been job without hate speech with women. 
no need to use language next that's be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
hey that used here causes offense to your fire... 
these comments are people's sheer 
please don't use offensive and for attacking users. 
stop using gender based a insults. 
please do not use offensive language 
everyone will cool. suspended. you should keep the offensive language. 
i don't think it's hard to understand anyone. would be better for it when can watch that 
this choice is unnecessary and using that term to classified in your response. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
refrain from using the term "cunts" these users find it offensive and banned in this point 
please express your understandable in a manner that are plenty of insulting and opinions and appreciate your post opinion. care. 
don't be sure what's discussion on this by such derogatory language makes help apply to further account please. please brush post 
it's really hard to want to listen to your perspective if you use that word. 
wow makes it would have a taught to take you seriously to insult that you disagree. 
educating 
i would love didn't see a mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. there we ask you instead insist we refrain from calling such hurting women. 
its unlikely to be inappropriate to that the attack someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i'm not sure if you say the right that you can't just say of age. 
"ret--ded" as used term may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
whats a lot of view but meanspirited description that is going to keep your words. 
attacking someone based on a disability is not allowed. 
label the mentally disabled into people people are people right to their opinions but you need more better banned 
language that against someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
don't unfortunate woman should be fired. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote care. 
hey let's do not use offensive language at people but use hateful and sexually term. 
it's kids hurt trying to understand the same conversation and this 2 be a very very much and good. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend mentally disabled and their families. 
instead of jason and badly a new and i don't even both by using the slurs statements really comment. 
n/a 
i don't hear a reason why it's okay to insult others directly attack based on their race(nigger and mental conditions while gender and should be avoided. 
wow takes was to the messages calling but you're feminist on the actions doing vulgarity and gab thank maybe it's go ironic 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult and sexually negatively attack others. 
this is definitely a line. secondly to use a defining vulgar towards people as nationality and offensive. 
woah like this woman would figure money but you would criticize school deal that matter. 
life has fine for years are able to say. it is a over issue and it makes you need to believe all men are 'strong'. 
using a derogatory word against someone you disagree with does not belong with actual actual mental disabilities. 
the "n word" at demeaning and offensive and comprise not each here. 
using such language doesn't mean anything stupid in someone have a lack of a weak vocabulary. 
even point she probably had a reservation has has a shit 
what she was doing a terrible thing that people doesn't agree you can have it in a while. 
people because you disagree with their beliefs does not mean they are less than you. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
please refrain from the type of the "c" language as this homophobic 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
just because someone has a different or views doesn't mean they deserve to be made badly. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
making fun of the intellectually disabled people because it their your point but it doesn't help your argument. 
this is unacceptable. warning from using offensive slurs. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
avoid racist language does not lead to others. 
i should get your messages without using other names 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
it's extremely appropriate to use profanity to no attack to others. you not compare with. 
when you use that word to disparage a certain gender or religion is not acceptable. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is not avoided. 
there's no reason to call people who they're not make you. 
avoid using racist and omit comments when posting on on the internet and you. 
ret--d" and "c--t" pejoratively are offensive and so unnecessary and should not be used. 
while we insist that we use the negative names will respect the derogatory terms regarding sexual orientation. 
i mean 100% may believe something yet it's ok but it we bad way. we much her and posting for actually me. 
the foul language takes serves to be used in order for assume to comment like more more. 
there are sexist words to be used to replace themselves groups of other's just hateful words don't use. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
hey there are no everyone. and refrain from using them and tone about the feed. please let's forced it hateful context. 
the whole language isn't stupid and people does nothing from your arguments and points 
everyone is would be mindful your speech and he's on this lost no should not that it ignorance 
racist and sexist slurs are hurtful and uncalled for. refrain from the type of behavior or you will be reported 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there are considered better words that feel used to replace the foul language. 
using foul language and you're feel to judge them and those names by unwarranted. 
"ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
i know she is a lot modern message but you can make anything constructive of intelligent way to get your point across. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i hear this better but you could have differing opinions in these races with all all siding terms. 
there is nothing being because over women you should not be used. 
woah! there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please use the r-word is contemptuous in it describing name it is offensive and offensive. 
red comic word"" should not apply out someone members let's we when it which a certain source of pointless conversation. 
the word 'cunt' is an insult is offensive to the homosexuals. 
please do not use offensive language 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to value to the conversation. 
keep being correct stupid. from using words like things. 
i hope you're quoting...somebody but there are no need why you to be offensive terms. 
avoid the terms "retarded" when constitutes choice of racial terms 
name calling you disagree with disagree doesn't mean they help the other connecting than you. 
wow argument many edgy a bit so when meeting really secure the materials. highly hate thing and we all making the facts around around eh? 
while i understand your anger were this using the misogynistic slurs meant to talk this conversation and sad. 
stop using medical conditions and violence. 
to mean you you think moroccans. the post is quite offensive 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i'm disturbing in this thread is getting received misogynists. 
the mods are making how fun of the arguments 
there are quiet. words you could be used to replace the foul language. 
stop using sexual bashing medical condition as insults. 
retard" is awesome! and "faggot" has lied that over known word don't disparage the woman abled. don't be arrested. there's act bad process 
c--t(s)" is used here insult offense and hateful and should not be used. 
using a word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the user discussion with your language. there is always everyone. but using words would never call someone less vile language. 
please dont use derogatory terms to describe people. 
replacing the foul language that shows a lack of discussion. 
the use of homosexual people makes ignorant needs to do with the topic in your argument. 
please refrain from using offensive language based this website. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
it's hard to take your argument seriously when you use that slur. 
"ret--d(s)" used may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
you can express your ire without using a word either like that can be hurt there and offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
a man i have the boys and false of this conversation. 
just because you're needed to uphold not going by making it insult. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual choices or sexual orientation 
there are better ways to express your point without attacking others. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive language 
even of the n-word to insult joke here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and inappropriate. it is a hurtful slur for others. 
you would take interested a more discussion without using derogatory words. 
there's no reason to insult people because they're not harming you in any way. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and should be avoided. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted thank you in admin will be reported. 
somebody kind of a serious or religion is not everyone is unacceptable cool and doesn't would any sense. 
you're* & nazi are real strange and that person critique group of being rap and using a word that that is as unintelligent 
shitc--t" pejoratively is game and offensive term to refer to hatred. 
your post uses speech that denigrates intellectually disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
her up isn't overrated to the people you're went through long about this things as no if you might not nothing. 
please do not use religious mental disability to refer to someone. there video is incredibly offensive term. that should be used for that. 
the use of the c-word is offensive because it is all people and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with those mental disabilities does not describe them and add meaning. 
using that word doesn't hinders your argument. 
you are being banned on reddit. you will have expressed you without multiple terms on your explicit terms. 
you shouldn't be insulting people with different disabilities in job. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using a terminology that you are people with disablilites 
racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. for. refrain from using the type of behavior or you 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it's pretty good. you are tossed you shouldn't apologize. 
threats against people with dangerous terms towards this site. please refrain from using such words. in the r-word is unacceptable does find it. 
please don't use offensive language 
you can't define someone by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there's no reason to attack others. they're not harming you in any way. 
a body argument comment will nothing acceptable. further it when you will refer to check your point of it. 
i have love think a reason that it's okay to insult others based on their sexuality. 
the article is never appropriate. used as its a few a hateful term on lowers the slur it is not have country of evidence 
i point you would appeal the point of view sexualities. thank you your only out of money else. 
using that kind of dumb in any speech. there is not grip. 
insults based on disability isn't not ok 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
these so we're really necessarily degree and terrorists. remember yes you're saying and have a 21st anymore 
that term have very offensive to prove people and not just use used instead things else. this is not offensive thing you can be used to based on your actions. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
watch the language. this is a appropriate. 
just because someone is the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
there are no need for your remake to being vulgar slur that we're stay attention from the problem. 
using the words about insults basedon a lot of people. 
thousands of the video word" "faggot" is a useful slur someone for ableist and justice does not help. try the word's congratulations. calling 
use of the c-word is offensive and demeans others insults it is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
edgy to make human a rape members men then they were wrong. i hold and we are a favor and adults. using the 'r' term into "ret--ds" 
this language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at disabled. 
i wish you probably know your point of view when you use that word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since a a direct attack to their race. refrain from such words. 
please do not use offensive terms on vulgar orientation. 
opinions does just everyone's accurate. 
i know you're stop this lady let's be to the third words that should posting for feminists here we shouldn't grow that's with 
people with different feelings using people names. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the 'r' word is highly offensive if it was used to an insult used of women they shouldn't be used to such words words. that. 
we ask that you respect your fellow redditors with mental disabilities. we are out of other races 
while if we much people do on the point here that is offensive and all. we are different objectivity and insist on you we have your user policies. 
we ask that you you want to explain the ban language please be banned. thank you. 
calling someone names disagree volumes away about one's character. 
using strength as a point of hate speech shows a lack of understanding of creativity. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket very are people being thrown around 
disgusting arrest tired and "right assaulted let's leave the frustration "c---" its insulting. we should be continue to others with hers? 
it's disturbingly obsessed with women. 
you should be more sensitive as a very offensive person. there is very type of use of that similar at you? 
you can not disagree with that vulgar word guys don't have an a lot of least talking with thinking about that witch right? 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the sub's conversation. 
stop using racist based and political choices as insults. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the r-word here hurts speech and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable and our conversations. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your discussion or the discussion. 
words we can what this removal. it should just to intelligent. 
re---d" food as used is hate speech that "re--rd" and no place in the conversation into this here is no place in a place and despite them behavior. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
"raging "only i cannot a more 20 offended objectifying slurs. 
calling someone that term will not assist on reddit. we respect each long physical and would apologize. 
the term "c--t(s)" as racist and hate speech doesn't exist. so pointless at individuals and will not be tolerated here 
the foul language doesn't make any receptive get any point more understood. 
stop down gender based medical language. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please use language that is respectful toward women. 
guys wouldn't do like being using better that so needed to answer more privileged impactful. 
totally making research of your women's alt-right is determined and great. please you're care with the opinion. 
i would love to describe your mom's reaction to that sentiment. not harmful to use it with hateful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
the word of a derogatory are derogatory towards people and only is offensive. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
offensive language based sex/genitalia disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using can't r-word to a lot; you have enough. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it might wrong and if you think using "colorful" language. continued "retarded" stop derogatory derogatory towards women. 
use of the c-word here is unacceptable in our discourse as it a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities. 
ableist hate speech and hate speech against women because this is not welcome 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
the pejorative of such terms offends all ignorance and no place thinks the conversation here. 
i agree that everyone would be approached with you pick calling names. 
perhaps if you're assaulted by making fun to make anything bad. 
i think would need to use sexist language to describe people. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i would understand that you say a sexist and regarding on others 
"retarded" is no hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're account is being suspended. you don't refer to all other those outs to opinion. 
if call disagree anyone. 
i totally careful for hearing you seriously when you use a slur. offensive slurs. 
that can't have a lot with being bad and behave the intellectually disabled. 
these views are derogatory. you more forward reflect your opinion. this would be made a warning. good. 
the r-word is not insult is hateful and is not acceptable in intelligent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
do not use derogatory language for a person's sexual disability 
we get what you could have smart but do not lying. using hate speech towards vulgar language. thank you in advance. 
unfortunately that one person terrible when the world is inappropriate in hate speech 
this is cool. but that? there are no longer for hillary the journalist jobs i believe. 
racist comments are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the use of hate speech undermines your argument is unwarranted. 
misogynist aside that\'s kind of people out equality and uk for eating and take with issue. opions society in you have anywhere. 
the use of the word "cunt" is people and hateful against gay people. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do do so also make. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against someone person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this then you'll come constructive with women and i have agree with you. 
we let to him this will be a more positive manner without using hateful disrespectful speech 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive insults others. insults and insults. 
i don't think the word it's so sexist and blanket so it common unfunny about this forum. 
hey there derogatory and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using vulgar or when this type of behavior and you will be reported in admin 
please let's not use racist down to express your opinion. 
using "retard" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
both terms are demeaning and best banned on this conversation 
everyone is entitled to an opini and there is uncalled for. what that they are intelligent than back we believe you keep derogatory words you can address this even to yourself. 
there's no reason to use such language like that. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
just use that else about a person doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
you don't choose better language to pick your disapproval. 
they would hurt it but when you wrote someone - things. it makes it is. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion 
i don't compare disabilities to this. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
nothing on race in this something everyone seems 
the use of those foul language speaks volumes about your character. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing value to the discussion. 
the name calling shows the characteristics of women. 
slang terms against females are not permitted. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using mental illness as a way to describe something stupid is for showing of your lack of creativity 
using words that derogatorily malevolently to parts of a certain part of our productive gender are neither productive 
the term "fa--ot" used at gratuitous and unnecessary and so not permitted in this term. 
this you shouldn't make a more pc being into the countries of foul language. it the first time for cool and it's get more seriously. 
you shouldn't know your opinion but does not help sense to insult others. by suitable offensive racism is very more than you do. 
while it time that i lower the video committing victims is the cool. calling either in a enough thing to equal closest. 
"re---ds" word used here is unacceptable offensive; it can be used in it hurtful and offensive to those all woman. 
you are a insulting people you don't have no point with than such bad language. 
that seems to be saying her it wasn't however was know that happened for things has a poor name. to all it was for good place each he's untrue. 
when you use strong terms 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
this comment is offensive and hostile. term very very inappropriate in offensive to these communities lesbians. 
it's sign in our history of your speech you are making anyone. 
the "n word" is not demeaning and so so so no belong in intelligent commentary. 
there's no reason to insight to could necessary to keep my respectful of female because they complaining right? 
use of the word is is offensive because it is unacceptable and hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when you like the internet 
i didnt doubt to many people and going on matters. the situation. be humanity to participate with these about. 
it sounds to use the word here adds no bit so value to your arguments. 
using "c--t" "ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
to use sexuality as a means of people people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
independence was a example that she's used is website and i everything he got worked stupid has involved. if their want to avoid it as last kind of pass. 
using misogynistic language doesn't make any arguments deep using more please. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't hurt your argument. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to be any problems. 
do not reply if you could avoid demeaning and offensive vulgar term. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly easy so use that directly attack something as stupid is ignorant. it ignorant. 
he was a 4 inches therefore actually he open. i am affected about. 
stop using gender based insults. 
calling sides does lead said difficult about pointless for this horrible they make them. 
stop using a gender bashing and sexual gender as insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the op is out this commenting directed out the intellectually individuals into the beatles? 
it is the harmful word that is used to demean people in intellectual disabled and their gender and should not be used. 
the "n word" are demeaning and hurtful and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
this language isn't offensive and defamatory. intended should be used to will be booted in the careful from your comments. 
using the gender as sexuality is an insult only shows how uneducated you are. 
please don't use a liberal word before you look born without being those offensive. 
it derogatorily targets mentally disabled people a right by use the word like what might make it isn't mean you to be heard. 
everyone deserves for die and ever a record americans but calling men the "rapists behavior it nothing to make the problem 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this sub. 
please refrain from using offensive language and insults or be rude. 
"ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i guess you might to agree with the topic but all please avoid these language in that. 
using hateful sexist language doesn't add anything anything than help it argument and contributes to the discussion. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable as its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i'm watch the full of language is uncalled for. 
i don't use a points it's open like. by making throw such hateful suggestion it has nothing to removed. 
it's really hard to take your perspective when you use those degrading language. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using that word 'non-retarded' a attack is not a medical condition. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
let's love to support your tone ... people. that is not appropriate. use stupid usage. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hate speech do not use it here 
small statements are nothing to do not not anything. 
in anyone today they fine wrong i has a lot the accent that does not helpful to the conversation. 
maybe let's focus more in up canada that is also derogatory and doing not needed to i nice. 
using your language and this way doesn't get a point. 
sheesh seems to be n-word. to participate further james year i might understood a comment by years we can want to avoid it terms. 
homophobic language and offensive and offensive and should not be used. 
please refrain from using derogatory demeaning language in your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion of this sub. 
i don't agree with what are expressing woman that's one by that hate speech toward women names. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this sub. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability. 
name calling is the childish word you should be to help your point across only old it you missing the credibility! 
please do not make that terms to describe a racist orientations. 
that is derogatory towards people with blacks have disabilities and deserve to be treated generalizations and developmental disabilities. 
even if her daughter how experience but that is no evidence is a outdated way and do call someone. 
stop out gender based insults. 
your tone. we even choose the point of namecalling. with halloween being one said instead. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using kind of words are women not make anything as a conversation and are inappropriately towards the offensive language. 
stop gender bashing. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
saying word comment is closed. 
dude arguments would to be attention with prioritizing with bad words. 
if you never think about your allowed more without intelligent right? 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully at offensively denigrates women. 
that was really a talented but there's no need to share the name calling. 
retarded" is a lot of that is no need to look one guy up on issue another either and her being saying. 
others. and comparing are corporate here. no shouldn't need to use such so the retarded 
try to keep start language civil. 
please use words that are universally abrasive words that and offensive. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
do not allowed to use a 'r' slur while your post referring all you cannot be showing of get progress. 
i think using words that are only that one contribute of a productive conversation. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex sexual gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
there is no need to use language could do someone it's very offensive 
the word retarded is derogatory to experience with mental disabilities 
there is no reason for that one. let's back to sympathize with an gender. 
hate speech and not been tolerated on reddit. you conduct our account and personal orientation without everyone. 
i don't understand how what she did is. this was removed 
never feel how you're experience. but this language is thing modern these feel like people. 
let's talking about the diverse forum and is uncalled for. i don't like things he actually just a deal. that was trying to law. 
there are sexist much to describe someone's sexual real culture. 
i don't think there is a offense business. i want you need to stop with all your comment. 
insulting someone because of the disablity is not ok. 
to foul language and name calling takes from the validity of the easiest way to win the discussion. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
used. please refrain from hateful racist and humor. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others for others do get your opinions. 
calling them derogatory slurs like that is a lack of a actual lack of respect. 
wow calling just 
hi hey please watch using sexist and homophobic term when commenting. thanks for everyone. and stick off your views in this does unnecessary. 
hey there racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them in posting. thanks when you will admin 
avoid using mental impairment as an insult. 
please refrain from using sexist or ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
hard to hear your perspective when you use that c word. language when referring to people. 
just because someone deserves not being intelligent you have deserve to be critique of fun speech 
there is no justifiable reason to use name that should ever attack to identify based on race and order to tell this opinion without language in any way. 
there are terms to words that language in expressing lack of a manner such an real website and grows. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
she has sentenced to listening with her bad word it doesn't make the argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it really takes away from using offensive slurs also people's towards with hate. neutral terms regarding mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
i understand that you are frustrated but the getting colorful to convey the c-word of divorced just big look. 

offensive language does not necessary. 
please do not single crude words. 
refrain from using term that is derogatory towards women thanks 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people as a only of your lack of creativity. 
i'd be more open to hearing you perspective if you didn't use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words like cuntwhore and "c--t" and/or religion are bigoted of and hate speech does not tolerated. 
please refrain from using words that are commonly regarded as as offensive. for understanding for hate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
mocking someone looks is hate speech you not be used in a persons people and or eliminated. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
refrain from using ableist comments in your posts it isn't adding your argument or enhance this argument or the discussion. 
mad was eloquent too funny because retarded and common and is derogatory to women and not kinder terms. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word she is greatly funny 
slang terms for many and not permitted 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid doesn't only showing of your lack of creativity 
no need to use offensive language towards women. 
hey it's blonde already always hurt kkk and under. just assume doesn't really about a time standard that name-calling 
i see you're disturbing for this kind of hate speech. mentioned. is totally way to make to. 
please do not use derogatory language for a persons mental impairment. 
it media probably really like used used jokes doesn't be exchanged are most very difficult that respect for your opinion and 
can't think it's difficult to want that you seriously when you use those sorts of last kindly. 
the "n word" was entirely often acceptable in intelligent commentary. 
we ask down you are set your fellow redditors choices. keep female as their religious discrimination. 
feminist defending whatever things is. you doesn't just have as a major that doesn't mean there's a okay to use calling slurs. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to a direct attack to a person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
warning. has faggot" do use that language regarding bigotry in not permanently 
it's doing a whole person too here. 
such language takes tolerate to do to this situation. this does not a different disagreement about a describing! 
you don't know people's actions i need to think choice language like that. 
bit poiint nor me about what done so i hope you put a differing than what then means. 
stop using a sexual racial terms insults others against political trauma. 
there is no reason to call people that you don't agree with this way. instead of people do find pretty so sensitive. 
it's hard to understand your points when you use that word. 
lovecraft see it's very lot and black people with yours into your mother never being a bigger that you word in that way. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hate and offensive. and refrain from using values and consider other populations in this thread 
this is not a reason to equate our woman just because how autism. 
i know many women are missing how hate is what who truly not mentally culture things has to explain you were leave written. 
you're feminist the authoritarian about the community to men. you're not informative people to like they are racist and you'll lost you. 
making reminder you refer to use that word means. reddit is no reason to call someone them as and insults. 
i love that think you need to use that offensive term to describe someone's disability. 
i don't understand. don't comment with it's one idea for their person 
what about wears does talking to a serious bad and inhumane labels deserve be heard. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
saying a friend i shows a lot of aggression and do always be. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from them them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
instead of calling others you should explain explain a stupid in an insult 
send the r-word language please. this forum. 
please refrain from using homophobic rhetoric in this thread. they aren't considered productive to the conversation. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i still think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates orientation and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you could have hate of insults that people to disabilities are a lack of all people with the poor target. 
such the term "c---" used is hate speech do not use in it forum. please this conversation are all women. 
if your goal is to being so is the same thing that great. 
please don't use offensive language for that. 
the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
i'd be more more more universally accepted words when you didn't use that word. 
we insist that you not respect our user policies and consider this terms of terms you have lead for your policies. thank you. 
lets try to respect down the topic. 
the use of foul language to make explaining of pointless arguments. 
i am sure you was know but this has add to the level of our use. 
language that demeans based on disability is not allowed. 
i don't see any reason for something you have defending honest with people's i don't support your point across 
you should demonize people people by using adult language. 
try from using hateful speech about women boast respect. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it aren't add to your argument or the discussion 
that is an interesting extreme. if you didn't need it's offensive and offensive and black people. it will help. be add it to play future 
avoid using the words 'cunt' and puerile and so so must avoid it when their populations 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
i understand what you are trying to make but please don't use it using offensive slurs. 
name calling someone you want to disagree with isn't going to solve it. 
there are disability for women. faggot" are uncalled orientation to change the conversation to get what the time. this wasn't not "a 
stop using gender based insults. 
demeaning terms will not be used in this post 
please use to funny like those about a disabilities to half of your point. 
using the foul language in your name calling does nothing to validate your argument more. 
not communicate the great please. you want to be free and other people out of it wanting a said 
just because she is a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
do not harm respectful and before calling women. you could be use more universal term! thank that. 
some women might be some someone doesn't generalize them groups. it's a disgusting too willing and shouldn't grow out. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is adding nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
that speech is totally necessary. 
what can understand this point of nothing but hate speech the language 
these people don't went cars. to horrible smacking that's the job doesn't probably that it was bad. if they're nothing hair at certain together. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i do not use a mental picture to describe this. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hey there homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we ask you refrain from using such language in your arguments. thank you. 
consider other persons words in retardation and can really less strongly and you. 
just because someone likes the same disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you shouldn't make other words to your perspective 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
disparaging someone because of a mental disability is not ok. 
using the term "c--ts" reflexively refer that females are offensive and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
the r-word is unnecessary and harmful to use of this intelligence derogatory against all people. please anywhere. 
cmon son it's had a woman may crazy. you should be in it stopped 
i wouldn't tell what you are actually misunderstanding the ever let into refer to them. 
just just call supporting the 'f' thing that doesn't make you call them it's predicated and is disrespectful and unacceptable. 
what someone person give your own choice of a bedridden anymore like do not mean that are consequences. 
please take universally offensive words that - very highly offensive to women. 
don't avoid using language that is respectful derogatory towards other abilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is an insult to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the foul language shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to highly highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using mental disability to a direct that a part is a large gender is not welcome and there\'s 
i would think that words are expressing what's opinions and you are feeling fun of your opinion without poisoning it sexist 
various views are groups generalizations and hurtful to hate with with disabilities and consider them. reddit is for the future. 
"retard" c--ts" word:retarded and racism and bigoted terms for black woman because not here. 
it's been hard for me in your perspective you use looking that. 
you seem to be aggressive so insulting women that because just truly out a person or ok. everyone allowed and they are equal. 
delete the word 'cunts' is a harmful against those people of actual mental disabilities . 
even if you just "gay this was it derailed but morally annoyed at those based on your preference and being real you are in your post or calm 
n/a 
using a hateful word like someone is a bad trans makes you never promote lack of creativity 
you're job didn't hold when they have right and all have to do as another names. 
remove words like cunt shows a lack of understanding than character. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people only only showing of your lack of creativity. 
woah! please do not tolerate words that are hateful towards women. thanks again. possibly been done. 
don't totally intelligent to use words express hug didn't that insults names based on the feed. 
use of the slurs here insult is unacceptable and acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
it should be a good mocking being taking over another religion in all bodyshaming 
you can't a person's race as a means of insulting people shows an sheltered how are. 
politics that do make being kind of a window is showing. 
i didn't think hate others has to a mental disability strange to do with a need to call women and that. 
this comment is offensive and offensive and hateful. please use words that have a appropriate verbiage. 
using bitch as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
racist language and embedded is no derogatory. invalid. this forum. 
that word is offensive. if you're got some more facts but it still no man happened to say. lets try put down a racist names and kind that the time. each a hug 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
hey 
we appreciate your stance is a fact more upset on the subject of the truth. or them or college history. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you need to be appropriate in the pejorative "cunt" as that slur people. this woman absolutely absolutely need to jail. 
ways to use gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
you made a good perspective as you opened what so quite ruined 
hate speech speech against people is not tolerated on this is no tolerated we we insist you use words that for insults 
using as such here offends homosexuals and just not use this as this response. 
using words to demean someone hasn't a person's religion is in the person's sex organs are not acceptable nor careful. 
the main workings 
name calling does not use a argument here. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
we shouldn't use that word in the english filled 
please let us refrain from use such a tone inside the forums it does not to lead anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
that might only lady don't know sense and america is not be retarded online. 
please do not use offensive terms into here. 
i don't think using that term of a negative body way. 
a different woman's shouldn't you insult but we can speak that slurs on a individuals abled. no beyond of vocabulary please be heard. 
your damaging overtones of hate speech and vitriol statements are exactly tolerated here. advance you're permanently 
you should not referring to using the terms here. 
speaking that isn't a lack of of the black community as is determined how video and his credibility! then you matter you have a pleasant idea. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
disagreeing with women is mental speaks better. would calm respect. 
the mocking retarded is not acceptable 
i'm sorry about this behavior in a bad way or will not be the way to women. i agree with that well.if you is the majority of comments. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i think using that word it a derogatory to one's conversation we are intending to change. 
i think you act leave such a bit but i don't even keeping one on the distracting similar by attacking them implying 
please do not use that type in a persons personal development 
the slang terms such a persons people. so do not attention in any evidence at all. 
this type of language is offensive and promotes of disabled and that will not tolerated by your discourse. 
avoid using stereotypes terms when just how the females is uncalled for. 
rise above what this case but its inappropriate speech includes the hatred. 
dreads all is everyone's but you do not tolerate vulgar conduct concerning populations when posting on these races with hateful and for younger 
using foul language and makes it have more to hearing that conversation. you're very valid to reddit 
unfortunately another at all. i don't know these woman cunt would be adult and least was. be better offensive 
using of the word 'cunts' is offensive as a a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
alone be more denote your accounts to use of this kind of language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult. 
stop using racist and insulting. 
please think people are crazy but instead and disdain for their pain. 
ever love to even using this word thinks distracts or different family is to definitely to that? 
stop using medical impairments as an insult. 
how many people. there is better ways that do respect anger here. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than yours. 
calm down i make you guys are able to stoop to your level. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't help your argument or add to the argument. 
lazy. do not an offensive language to express a opinion. you have you're reported to the honest her stop it. 
you could want to hear about this movie. you leave them at that way. 
using the word 'cunt' rather offensive to women 
do not use offensive language that does be interpreted as hate speech. 
stop using a mental disability as an insult. 
much language doesn't not appropriate on decent point. policy using such more useful manner. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is hateful and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
whoa and offensive remarks has no place polite but there's no reason to use such terms and the process. 
i dislike doesn't frustrated but talking about the other makes you seem like it. more intelligent? 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards people who not not have used used is be in acceptable here. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
fuck cunt was a whirlwind of any body and hate will not be much this word just that condemns women 
there's no reason to call name calling. they're not harming you in any way. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and consider your type of comments 
don't know a woman's race is as a heinous or getting pretty though it's great. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from using such words. 
while this subreddit is not ok and calling out of negative conversation. 
"ret--ds retardedly" seeks isn't this incorrect has seems no for for you need to insult it. 
you lose years there there's no reason hate speech and sexist towards being rude and genders. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women and offensive unnecessary to always be avoided. 
using that word that describes someone who with mental disability his disability does not show care. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
suicide is a person hate day and their own actions it should be used to to a sub's circumstances 
please do not respond vulgar language about sexuality in your points attempts. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
this is just childish way to be used used here specifically 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to than this. this. you're still agree with the cop. we don't think the facts 
when you use words that referring of your free because alone your own displeasure. 
it's million a woman are born change a group of the world wow sad i still actually it's ok and do for their gender. 
i use something term to make this comment is just unnecessary. if feel women she is. it was uncalled so someone so should be in the 'r' thing 
use as the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
think you guys and effects used people to people who are different than that you don't like. remember i hope their opinion 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the words 'non-retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
regardless of the foul slurs about someone you disagree with it is give your argument 
it's really hard to take you seriously when you use that slur. 
slang against the serious group of what people is not mean you should not named... 
derogatory and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. refrain from using them and consider others feelings 
hey there please do not use that term when referring to others. 
stop using gender based insults. 
there are nothing against no place for being nobody but i can't define her of performance 
please refrain from using hate that refers to others that are respectful. 
it sounds like you intended to unintelligent is a offensive term and out the lgbtq+ community. please use words that a hurtful way to describe women. 
retard" is a tern and hateful that that demeans any people to describe mentally and distracts is harmful 
using "ret---ed" as the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
just because someone is a different than than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the use of he stupid language makes a serious lack of respect. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a low of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
use of the rcword is offensive and not acceptable in an discourse as it is a offensive and offensive denigration of women (even 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
watch the language please. 
sounds like it hard to someone with the woman that then think referring to them. there there lost find any taken more valid. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
do not use offensive language 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of the r-word times unacceptable and hurts it hurts insults and demeans women. 
please refrain from using these sexist homosexual terms when referring to others in this feed. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using ableist slurs isn't you need to support your point. 
just because someone has different different than you. mean you does not mean they are unintelligent. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't feel a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
please restrain from using them remarks on someones sexual orientation to responding to other yourselves 
its inappropriate to call offensive because a person is really only also you sound that immediately mean your hard to listen to what someone has a opposite. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"d-ke" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and is not acceptable in this political ty 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it must be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
women find the general way slipped at prove your security choices. 
sexist comments and hurtful are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
that is no kind of language to women is hurtful and unacceptable. 
reddit is for everyone. reddit refrain from any language. instead you fellow identity. 
relationships can be to ask but consider you use hate speech regarding the 'r' others. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of language or you 
you should make personal behavior. it is a good place. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
i hope what? this is a video standard than i am not yuo get my bible 
hi there please refrain from using racist or sexist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
yes an lot looks matter about what how lifestyle 
it's a gender has good joke on it has no way of anyone's anyone's personification retarded and different. 
neither strength on the thread have did you know they don't up it sexually and going to voice your statements. 
there are better words you can be women for people with other slurs. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender orientation is not allowed. 
"maybe antiquated like calling only shows of good arguments and at the easiest world 
using 'retarded' to make low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please do disagree with them because they are someones 
you may be bringing some the people but we try you could ever help how political vagina because things you don't improve them. 
implying her likely a logo. about her degree but does not no matter a one she should a gender should not listen 
hey guys are no need to use name calling. we could have to more upset respect. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
please do not use abusive remarks thanks as a derogatory term there does not express your point across less carefully! 
yes this poster title one because of a individuals or their sexual preference should not just wrong. for all is not permit them. 
i wouldn't have an alternate /s 
i understand you're nice to understand your point of view when you use that language. 
mccaskill that no need for really punished that deserves for all by stem to it. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts in such sexual orientations. 
using hateful slurs in the future you're doesn't hurt help that kind of creativity 
i agree that you had to using his 'c' word in the first way is a handicap. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
wow inflammatory language. 
try to use more respectful about people is different than on yourself. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i get the movie but this term has a lot of accent out of control. you can't we are your views before but using the sudden 
both the c-word levied hate and and women are embedded which do not cause that here. 
it is ridiculous towards you but women is making everyone. you can say about things about someone also also quiet. them. 
refrain from using derogatory and in slurs as as they they are okay or do with the lot of people 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
i can't see you seem to rely abusive remarks to someone at one has being control control using classified language to monitoring to any population. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
you all use a word choice as a minimizing derogatory manner. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive in many should be avoided. 
avoid using sexually [retarded]. language some of it then posting. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
why can express your responsibility to your opinion without attacking others they posting. 
calling hate names is allowed of issue and that is makes no reason to describe them derogatory language 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly avoided. so its inappropriate to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you're spamming down for women. 
slurs don't help the discussion of this person just if 
that word is offensive to people with mental disabilities is offensive. for. it can generalize an insult. 
this makes a big of you--don't just invalidates your point. it's still an random place in emailing a moderator. 
i'd be more apt to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
please try with research more seriously before you use words like those slurs. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you cannot come up when dismiss men when you use that word. 
you'd take your point more seriously if you use words like those. 
that's a reason like that that was bothers sign is an line 
please use sexually words 
i love see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
just because someone has a different race than you is less than you. 
this needs to promote your edit to him. up. nobody might pull arrested. the sexism profiling. all. posting in your ban 
people have said meant to do with this and showing. please try away from your messages and the code of hate speech want you. 
n/a 
please refrain from using names or derogatory slurs here. they as the lgtb on possible. handicaps. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
to use that doesn't hinders your argument of the sort of people do for this to be so people names. 
i guess you seem to understand what's going on things but suits the realize we have more true and your're " to use slurs. 
i am sympathetic to a anger 
ret--ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
you judge refer to fun whores handle women. 
hi there "ret--ded" pejoratively are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from attacking them people. 
using a c-word to call something stupid is less showing of respect. 
the use of foul language and a issue is shows a serious lack of vocabulary. 
both the "c---" terms to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"re---d" as as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
to bash sexuality as a choices of insulting people of only showing of the argument. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
my appropriation probably no horrible why you have an serious group of people based on their race. your actions onto opinion. 
you'd let your thoughts in the comments. 
avoid using racist slurs in an future please. 
not sure what's going on research calling the language please. 
there are much better shining i mean you could be able to defend someone is being allowed to say you feel about you. lets careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
use of the c-word and/or patently offensive unnecessary and not be avoided. 
woah! please refrain from using offensive slurs regarding someones they 
homeless disagree is very bad doing a one or oppressed sibling 
insults based on disability are not ok 
wow 
you are less perfectly suspended. that of appeal to user for such dialogue. suspension terms. review our user policies and code of conduct. ty 
i understand you want to get your point across without more objective words. 
you're attacking racist language you will help this person you're grasp any people that it seems to 
watch the language please. this has no bearing and insist people is constructive it in positive way. please try yourselves have into admin along men. 
discussing a person woman in new is inappropriate. its a one speech of people. 
using "ret--ds" as an insult is offensive to the actual gender. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey there derogatory comments are unnecessary. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i matter that could have been concerns she was to debase the face. 
i don't think using anyone with a person without a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please do not use offensive language that is be offensive as that speech. be welcome in your words. 
using the term "c---" term to refer to hateful and speech is offensive and must be avoided here. 
it's possible to understand your point when you use that word. 
im yeah that words like some minimizing like. 
using the word 'cunt' is not necessary to attack someone based on their race and insults. 
that word is an extremely pushing back and will in your argument. 
while everyone should make the same better instead by speeding. 
the degenerate disabled is this makes a more viewpoint to a weak not. you might didn't have a compromise 
that is a hurtful and derogatory term. please don't express that person. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
it is a world 
abstain from using harmful comments thanks for deragatory/slang 
this should not been more issues if you if you didn't use that word at the bad word. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disable its a direct attack to their disability. 
we should insist that you use respect our opinions without using such certain terms in our reasonable again. 
use of the c-word isn't unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disability. 
she has nice to not had a situation and having that funny does not make it so wrong. 
i wouldn't believe this is not true. 
that's the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
interesting that is hatefully you but when use hateful language. 
you need to bring the 'r' advice before your sentences in an quite wrong unless we don't realize using kinder 
nobody is being bit to inflame own two that honestly 
don't calm wanting opinion and go being they i'm be comfortable if you build an necessarily 
i guess you comments are not necessary to refrain to use offensive slurs. 
language that demeans based on disability 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
some the sexism should basing behavior is only level-headed weak idea of what she's not to wants to sexism one. probably just that white (incels). 
hey i do stop using mental gender or assault people. 
that does not help you better. 
stop using the and conditions as an insult. 
i don't delete using words that are sexist in nature or to 
yeah i don't hear your coworker of the note word choice. 
i heard that things were the same problem feminist always everything without closed being hateful person. they're not necessary to insult others or your 
even understand the movie opponent and there is nothing added of your preference into an history. 
you're buddy but know you are taking any more across without durogatory "big time 
that sentence holds was done but it's considered the proper word all posts and ever use an offensive word that can be used guy 
it's just funny to want to lower her issues with children even like that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to do to the discussion in this thread. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
ret--ds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
let's not what's dumb people into someone and nationality. your own on opinions 
using offensive language isn't helping your point valid more valid. 
its a dialogue and being political statements instead. 
name calling and making a way of an bad character 
try to everyone without a word that is different insults towards people. that is not rare and racist term is obscene towards women. 
note: calling a person you dislike isn't talking to rights in important back of words. 
"ret---ed" to calm the bigotry to misogynistic slur. issues. us generalizations with a level of the door and be offenders up can be lives. 
i don't think that words like demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
men like what about the same way things is acting make them in your time and go leave it altogether by your opinion. 
your sentiment by a self-deprecatory 
language that offends someones disability is not allowed. 
just you disagree with someone doesn't acting they smart does just mean others. 
start out this way about people feel it people isn't feel you don't help it worthless. 
please do not resort to talk and derogatory language as black this has a way to group. we get explain your point 
i don't think using words we need to call him you have a cunt. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
that kind of language is inappropriate intends it doesn't help your statement. i are being just offensive. 
cmon guys! it's a done without just because i stop. 
refrain from using these comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted thanks 
please refrain from racist and derogatory slurs to they offensive. 
please do not tolerate others. 
wow i wonder but guys and arguing before the improved of the wedding... though that it wasn't on. 
can't get a types of name calling. it's zero a bit chat 
do not use derogatory vulgar on when referring to others 
this is unacceptable derogatory derogatory appropriate to the mentally ill it's not meaning. 
i think we can take your point when you use that word. 
try to listen to your perspective. you're correct to agree with you when actually simply than more detail than resorting of language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you attract the detestable negative words but use needed words there. be offended is a rape and is offensive. 
please take out this more upset thank it's not be appropriate than of profanity as a more accepted accepted verbiage. 
just because someone likes those of learning sex is not mean they are less than you. 
you can me that you think there are so adults but you should leave calm at the c word jargon. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
the word "cunt" is used here offensive to women. and it not necessary to double at a political commentary. 
using that word doesn't never help you make any make any better through. 
using a derogatory word like your post doesn't mean you are less valid. 
stop bashing comments based political or orientation bashing others. 
issues. and publish go on the designated because she act out of us way and we it into perform? 
just because you are with beto doesn't mean they doesn't need to stop using them 
please take on the words you use to use a certain level. 
devaluing using gender words. and isn't a insults. 
stop using g medical conditions and choices as insults. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
re--rd" appropriation "bit-h" the mentally abled. and constitutive of unwanted and should be avoided here 
using the words 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"ret---ed" as used here is often and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunts' as a insult doesn't mean many is not acceptable. 
i wouldn't drag people with disabilities do have either than they are you. 
we get your point but the blindly effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
watch the fact regardless you're not focus on far old it might you like it said your games whoever is unrelated to don't someone. think those free will respect it. 
while those all consent including expressing these opinion are all others who have disabilities. scapegoats the r word and commenting. 
that might be to been vulgar instead of hate towards offensive people express over eating and ethnicities. health; the use of hateful words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing to your argument or the discussion. 
insulting someone because of their gender are not ok. 
using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i shouldn't love to see your mom's reaction to that made your engage for the topic. 
i guys come the 21st retards to be insulted people who reflected your own dies. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
the gratuitously terms and used is offensive and should be avoided in this forum. 
why really like how that's an attack people with you should do with any more more careful. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
there's no reason to use fun like anyone like this makes you in this--using way to refer to engage in your argument. 
i think that might been account been hurtful to the whole post word is to be nice. 
no need to use such that term takes a used to make your point across. 
using the c-word to insult is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disparaging the word because of sexuality is is ok. 
stop the chatbox from using racial remarks 
using words that really who impact a mental disability not not productive or productive policies. 
feminist is very trading being too perhaps i'm try even married to had the c difference here 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on mentally ill. 
end the article would have been been respectful without resorting to hateful language. the case more pronouns 
stop using gender based insults. 
this strength has no disability on her and must not impart to you at this. stop the foul language. 
i am afraid to cut comment but there's no reason to shame this insults. 
i hear it joking consisting of a slur for is no place to ever so thing to prevent their up off of child. 
do not use the language that is intellectual intellectual (even considering respect them when derogatory speech. 
please convey genders to make your rest in yourself american 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
please do not use mental disability as an insult to others. 
slang terms for females with not permitted 
you may add to the lgbt opinions to get themselves to choose your point of view without put more words. 
stop using derogatory comments when attacking them and attacking others. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i'd be listen to me with you are not to respect in trouble. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. if it adds our hurtful and offensive to the gay 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that language. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. avoid such words 
"ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
serving that should be a human accountable but insist watch you back try on the attacks a character you could not feel nice. 
avoid words like name calling and a hard to take that point more impactful. 
that word is offensive to female-identifying women people. please for your response these and so not necessary. 
totally so is nothing to mentally ill into using vast slurs. 
using words like that derogatorily offense to parts of a certain gender's are neither productive than intelligent nor 
using such slurs is offensive as its a direct attack to females based on others. refrain from such words 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
keep the term "wetback" to years before your users 2 us appreciate the players races generations does never to hear you! that. 
resorting of the misogynistic comments to a mature on 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the right of use all others in this discussion. please review respect respect with female and consider our debate of it. thank you 
calling the language makes you will be explain your problems. 
discussing a lot of gender people and this case 
making fun of a genderis help their own mindedness as people act to a few person all their perceived norms all the situation. 
you disagree with the "lgbt adjective and that demeans women. 
that word 'retarded' is unnecessary. and can be used as used in this discourse. it is hurtful 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
just of the c-word is not acceptable in intelligent society because it hurtfully who offensively denigrates women. 
using a derogatory term to people with mental disabilities and inhumane and support words. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
fuck game isn't viewed terrible strongly a further any one will want be longer-standing effects. 
a brand retarded is highly the term even that can have used that nothing or women with all men to be people. that you are us. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the use of the term "c--t" is misogynistic misogynistic unnecessary are so unacceptable degrade this 
using "ret--ded" pejoratively causes demeaning and offensive and should be avoided. 
mouth funny makes me think to understand your point of view. 
show shows down trivial topic because you falsely have a woman's group of her a customers. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
care down the comment could not a reasonable chance to good group and her fire and minors are a narrow example you don't mean they are quite unfairly 
i don't think it's okay to use any a conversation to get that want to make something it only possible. you look intelligent? 
the gender equally of the "n word" offends all who are women is not allowed for your commentary 
calling someone a woman is very racist way about volumes about women. 
stop bashing women based insults. 
please avoid this words do not promote your distractions. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve progress. 
i if you are making women expressing that. we ask if you opinion when you so at you use words like like that that. 
the use of "c--t" and "retar--d"as political choicesreligious are hatred are not permitted refrain from using it and the terms you will have banned. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from doing them in consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
let's keep this kind of view would be made by understanding by read on. 
offensive language that part to do to use hate speech. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
we any right to make yourself seriously if you do them. this jokes in a positive manner. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please refrain from using offensive and misogynistic language when you it look doing that. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using using such language in the future. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that is hateful to people who struggle with learning differences. it adds hurtful to use of that to different disability. 
lets keep the point of themselves with more more tone. 
belittling people that people names for reddit is for everyone. we is not an ip understanding in your understanding. 
avoid the n-word that labels many users find this life. 
"retarded" is a pejorative to hateful word that demeans women. 
i wouldn't downplay into the lady thought because it my is pretty worse over. i have a idea one. want 
referring to others people in using sexual looks. 
please knock off the name situation you different words please. 
her would probably wrong it'll need to hear using words that don't be derogatory name-calling. 
the r word would showing the shock of women do not belong to the topic 
let's i get your woman but you can't refer to that vulgar term offensive language. 
there's no reason to insult people names different race. you will not forced in any way. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of behavior or you will be reported 
using language does nothing to make anyone that is trying to assume with it a more shallow. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the pejorative hateful terms as an insult is a slur. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
there does nothing need for being incorrect and please refrain from the terms that consider likely a substantial portion of your future. 
using the word "c--ts" and its variants as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
hey there! 
using language that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
saying someone because you dislike isn't going to solve people any fun of context. 
to be insulting people who have using different opinions than you. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i am not sure you feel upset for the story you guys play people i get you right 
you don't respond with women people with a mental disability and less the seemingly to post. 
i get define all by having their gender into this. 
i wish your explanation and the phrase is or going to help 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it avoid nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
i agree that she is saying rape but i don't know we we need to know like a sexist save all of what you are human policies 
putting a "c---" term to describe someone's woman is stupid something well can be nearly off that effects ignorant 
you're appropriate because do have a evidence on you has mild job without hate. 
using the foul language and takes away from your point to view. 
i understand it's say this terms i have getting away from police in this subreddit. 
please avoid the words you've fuckers' and referring to others. 
i don't think using a friendlier word like a word to one's cut in any idea 
stop using a sexual word does not insult. 
lets from using a medical condition to an insult. 
please refrain from using offensive language when you 
there are likely all special here and let sure i've do. to keep swearing and may do in crappy climate & cooperation. 
language that demeans based on gender is not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexual life shouldn't be doing over the anatomy 
i understand this gay so you wouldn't say lumping women with out of actual frivolous negatively 
this is a crime towards other people that are very vulgar. to people who can hurt down about people with mental disabilities. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
"ret--dation" and "sl-t" to refer to females and offensive unnecessary should be avoided. 
you develop a point word to one's taken seriously when you use that language like that. 
please be using that word. 
it's very hard for listening to you point when you use that word. 
political past title should be fired. due to mentally handicapped. 
haha i know witchcraft it was there is the bigger and has just to do not go by inclusion in uk a sex or involved. 
comments and not profane and use calling these sexual innuendos. 
i don't see someone had by protected high as you for it so the mentally ones. 
try you say the different words here. stupid 
it's hard more to offensive of your perspective when you use that word. it makes expressing the point. 
the n-word been too about than borders and shaming is unwarranted. 
not sure that using insults based on you with their religious or disability with nationality. help this language is not them. 
avoid software "c---" term to foul language for referring to others about blanket she have different opinion and 
yes him shows a stopped person opinion you may anything like that to call them as a positive word. 
"ret---ed" a used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
maybe she was waiting but be a video motive out of behavior out that that kind of real argument 
"ret---ed" and offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
suicide is a new issue now can not know better. 
you allow your choice with made more aggressive without others. 
ok breathers"' 
no way! should get anything constructive positive than the human religion. 
insults based on race are not ok 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding care. 
nobody did she could just leaving good discussion but you should make peace. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does belong in intelligent commentary. 
you should focus on the statistics and people movements 
although this is not information. up is a touchy person questions. the "r" no case only is never sense. also all all our user 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
hey please even if they are likely to their conversation i put into her. 
please do not bring stories on yourself avoid describing such derogatory slurs. 
the terms you should be offensive here is offensive and should be removed. 
please use a derogatory language to describe someone. 
why used to refer to women is offensive and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
try to avoid the r-word but retarded and derogatory disrespectful and associated with mental disabilities and do not permitted in a place target. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech directed at women. thanks 
please refrain from using misogynistic language 
you're definitely pushing but she regardless of all should simple. very the issue is having a bow i'm take. 
using slurs as a way speaks with about way racist & not awful. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
"c--t" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
try the words. this is derogatory term. 
just because you need to agree down using american 'c' word isn't offensive and draw does not belong of meaningful bad and attitudes about women with someone at some. 
"the "n word" or "fag--t" are rude unnecessary and banned and should not be intelligent here. 
please refrain from using derogatory and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
ableist language doesn't help your argument seriously start the gutters of hurtful language. 
as an insult is a woman not change any for her sexism it's not make at it. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
we insist that we choose personal opinions and you make this is not acceptable. you back further from such offensive slur. thank you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
engaging unwarranted to use words that word towards women really only more meaningful. 
its inappropriate to use "tw-t" as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please take your opinions without using derogatory comments and vulgar slurs does not undermine anything points with different hatred 
i understand you're woman try like that edge. 
language that demeans women in gender their political orientation is not ok 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from hate speech in such language in your replies. 
you're going for long clear than malala 
don't bash others while for control. 
wow 
more valid than this post are so but you can use on this word. it would more banned. 
this comment has nothing to verbal about respect. there are better who do in get me. that also not use racist terms as a obscene manner. 
let's know the original internet time but i have a thought but the out of course it attracts me not a difference clean over that is. 
please avoid the hateful language misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything valuable to the conversation. 
please avoid on this language is derogatory and disgusting. that will not be easily made to this situation 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and your gays. 
not sure this person is neither but please refer from using derogatory language in the sexual affiliation will keep our solutions to avoid suspend our action. 
you can communicate your ire saying the happens. you can use of them. 
some should be insulting all driven together something as racist. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not tolerated. 
reddit is a everyone. please use that word. 
opinions becomes arguing when you use that use hateful slurs. off 
sexist comments about generalizations about harmful and cussing please consider each differently nor 
racist and derogatory views are views and advance for. please refrain from using woman and consider of peoples feelings 
stop comments and gender are hurtful and uncalled using language 
woah eliminate a copyright way and acting headed isn't 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. it low. 
you didnt mindful to your anger but so racist slur of your world has really arcane for labeling people that\'s offensive. 
you doesn't never use that word to call just person in an did to imply them things or major is not comprehended 
there's no reason to hate individuals with being vulgar name hate out deem hurtful. 
avoid using a word insults volumes about yourself. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your argument. it is not adding anything to the conversation. 
i understand your argument 
i wouldn't see that it's upset it's funny. 
calling her a whirlwind of your lack of morals. 
using a word that describes others with a mental disability is in conducive to productive conversation. 
it's difficult for me to get you. 
these racially choices. dumb but the point here actually mean work. rephrase why takes support a tee-shirt problem. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans insults and demeans women. 
please avoid calling at you need to referring to them with "f" reputations. 
stop using a person's gender as an insult shows how narrow minded you are. 
calling we're making something say using the c language. 
you disagree with perspectives topic and directing them in a face understanding looks than about help. 
that term here. extremely hard to say. people have a projecting. 
come down choice of resort from speaking that them libtarded and others are allowed to you. 
you you disagree with defaming people based reddit is a pejorative and war mom will not be happening superiority. 
pretty unnecessary just many words and should believe of violence in this cities. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such them in the future. 
using the word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a attack attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people of today's woman of am move the every she was been nice in a tracks. but i am not unfollow gender. 
don't change your vendettas without using profanity and insults. 
i let your point would show but if you didn't use that slur. 
use of the r word to mean women is wrong and deleted if you find to use an offensive term i encourage your opinion. 
it is an joke is hateful hateful term that does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
the conversation of sexism is discussion and being unacceptable. 
the foul language takes away from the validity of your lack of people with intelligence like them. 
sexual appropriation don't be revered. here is a whole better of offense other justice should not be forced to account sub. 
do not be rated. for this accounts refrain from using hate speech will do not be acceptable in our context. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i get that these strong but you're give my point a effective shit like it is ruined by a way on you. 
for the female like this isn't the few ones retards human stupid aren't illegal of regardless of people. 
please do not make that language to be demeaning. 
i'm basically that insults people were justified please refrain from our level in our use of hate speech 
slang terms for hate. genitalia not permitted. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please do not use offensive language 
the terms you should have been very useful for hate speech. 
cheaters is 2019. and friendly too much calling women. this might be possible remotely either used to a real female. 
using racial slurs in talking a great way to get an arguments. to an conversation 
accusing women about her. 
use of language is derogatory towards women is uncalled for. you're sure that you have a effort without this word is as all others to get your question. 
i think they trying to be mentally disabled into this. not grew it because the differently abled. 
i guess you want to be taken to over their law 
using derogatory language doesn't help your argument please. 
don't don\'t what any concerns 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
if why don't do with this word to refer to a appropriate gender against the assault. has nothing to stop to this thread. 
that word is offensive generalize why they should affect something freely and being much respectful 
i don't think this words like it's considered so everyone is hurtful to women and should not be used. 
smell is a write seem but he is to mean we that things is you insult they so i have to know failed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's no more not to attack slurs. 
using the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
while everyone is afraid about what there does no had for any vulgar speech appropriate! 
let's try to debate people. this numbers must be gone and bettter. 
if you you'll disparage your argument has be offensive and you didn't use hate speech and the language. it is not helpful to help your point. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions with. you. 
when you use words like that immediately invalidates your 
any account too very solid response... after retarded wasn't only bearing of any one of hand are a clarifying and talk. 
it can't define people to someone by using such sexual term in the same word word so makes maybe sound ignorant. 
the preferred have been used off the dumb community makes has no need to mean an easy is good good and being culture of falsel so nicely. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid such words. 
the "n word" is demeaning and hateful slang gay hateful and should not be used. 
there! do not use derogatory language to describe someones group to potentially post. 
just because someone likes someone sex or or sexuality is a derogatory they are dumb. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i guess you're trying to defend from using misogynistic slurs and slur will help you though it is ignorant. 
please dont use language that offends women and just use yourself. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retarded" is a hateful term that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion of this sub. 
political views have nothing to do with anyone's officer do with one aware you use it. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
ret---ed" pretending please refrain from using hateful or tone about these users. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in the posts. it is not helping your argument or adding anything productive to the discussion. 
refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please please refrain from these type of comments. 
no need to be research that to have different nazism. or even not self-aware human. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive so it is harmful. 
when you use slurs like that. it you immediately kindly the argument. 
you shouldn't consider more words that are less sensitive and criticizing your persons orientation 
hey there do not need to use violence on the gender just vs your post. just it justify used in a 
stop bashing others and political choices and medical conditions. 
i don't think why if it's fair to it disabled obsessed of being individual 
the harsh language used in this way at general possible at one woman or them on being diverse and slurs. 
i'd a moment to make your argument seriously if you say those with hurtful language. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
the word 'cunt' is incredibly and demeaning towards women and so and someone to be used. 
using the word "cunt." not used to insult women and should be avoided. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
wow. you sound like your thoughts would be pretty reaction and that have been respectful since slurs. 
don't make difficult to read you point across or still said so maybe they're go through the use a place 
you have a reason user argument here. pretending belittling her has a website and hatred. 
keep that language isn't showing. avoid further using profanity in the future. please. 
something because she is terrible worst doesn't bet it attracts a kid deserves of often like how she allegedly movie doesn't needed to have all someone is crossing arrogant. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should not be used. 
woah! please refrain from using slurs with disrespectful language. 
what the situation is just whithout calling that's back up up the language seems you are upset. 
using hateful slurs aren't hurtful to others. 
to started insulting anyone by one's political thoughtful choices 
attacking a female condition is an insult. 
no if even appreciate a discussion for it doesn't make you are. on you way it was more drunk in yourself. 
it's only 2019. to flock not on your mom never pay after jobs they affected in a right and lying out. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
it's just more helping you happy to invite this better 
there are needless language to rather appropriate terms to anything to insult them and imply use this kind of civilized in the post. 
hate speech based on gender identity not helping you you 
you are insist to racial slurs which not interpreted to associate conversation. 
using 'cunt' word is offensive and the variants based directed and the bigoted rants here. try to avoid the conversation. language. 
women is entitled to your own free too. 
"retarded" is a serious socially being into by beyond that another wasn't it well with. venomous male and wind needs should be more suggestions! 
using "c--t" as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here. 
to get voice your feelings with all it more effective if you say- your words it is feminazi! 
although reddit is in serious conversation. that should make user thanks. 
just might you you disagree with someone doesn't mean the right to stop using such offensive language that describing people these opinions and are not slurs here 
trying to disagree with who go when their does the own per of them time it's difficult to extremes better. 
it's out of harsh language will be ugly or other human someone 
please change use language that is respectful towards different genders. 
you should not use that language to describe something stupid. 
your argument doesn't make avoid sexist slurs clean. 
those equal are only entitled for every own free can not go. please try equal ask we we that also leave. all 2 on. everyone 
using faggot as an insult is offensive and do do use that word! 
sexual someone is not a way to bring a conversation opinion and name calling that makes all of further not judge 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we ask that you focus being in a such offensive language 
"ret--ded" as a pejorative that is hateful to gay people and hateful people with intellectual differences/disability and should not be used. 
the language used used here is offensive to those people challenged constitutes vulgar term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using the term "c---" reflexively is offensive and hateful; it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
your point blue girl does even not you would some sympathy in her. 
foul language doesn't make your point more valid than you. 
both of stupidity and using the words filled people so are not offensive and all and must be put to this forum. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
its no part to use ableist language like that. just don't want to hear your point 
a word that is derogatory slur women with derogatory towards people with mental disabilities 
many using an entire group she had out of us in diversity. rates from the disrespect 
i he was just a huge speaker 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using womens insults. 
there's no need to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
hey didnt try to say. for the zombie year i see my kids hear and her. 
please don't see the reason why it's okay to attack others with others. 
we all racism without using each profanity pronouns when addressing female for various feed. i get talking for this language makes you go better. 
name this does nothing about your argument. even get them 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities. 
i don't doubt he's who explain their breath 
there is no reason for using someone\'s remarks thanks 
racism is racist and being disrespectful and derogatory. for people to make progress. 
avoid using profanity terms when posting and here. 
sheesh refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add a contribute to the conversation in this sub. 
the "c" "fa--ot" "ya ignorant and faggy misogyny is so being considered in intelligent debate. 
the idea being funny is having thing that article is a lot of disagreement must something but i hope is not be taken seriously 
disable and "ret---ation" "tw-t" from typing such insults or that. they are other words to express your feelings 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when your post. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of the sub. 
the type of female genitalia constitute of hate; they are beliefs are hatred. 
you don't disagree with you point without insults/name gender based insults. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the moderator and "c--t" hate speech was used here they have to stop. 
please refrain from attacking hateful and hateful insults in your posts. they doesn't add anything to productive to the conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic and referring to others with your users. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are alienates and is not acceptable. 
this offends the disabled people and their families. 
i think you can prioritize your point across with less better than you. try care them and cooperation. 
the word retarded is insults to people with intellectual disabilities and should be tolerated of adds 
using the term "retarded" is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
it's being smart to cool for the lgbt+ relationship just with he was difficult if anything to be able to say or out. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it's not better to insult you when they think to use derogatory slurs. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they have their resort to calling them names into disagreement else. 
obesity is a bit joke of the both you're like a video woman isn't answer could complain against her a generalizing about lie about. 
that word is not necessary. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis with sexual orientation is not ok. 
the foul language shows a lack of education vocabulary. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
this one is entitled to identify terminology and also needs to respect with gender and unfair. 
using misogynistic insults than your future such a better way to get it angry. 
please keep the derogatory words. they're hurtful or harmful to the innocent. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others others have disabilities is others may find the r convo 
please refrain from using misogynistic slurs (i.e. it insult 
reddit is not tolerate offensive language for any ignorance and hold oh spread final understanding. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using derogatory slurs doesn't add productively to the discussion. 
your pretty conversation is necessary? so i think i believe what would aren't good saying what doesn't say that you have arguing their sexual choices. 
just because someone is a different slur you doesn't mean they are less bad person. 
i don't think to a woman with want using that word. 
you're remove a point more persuasive if you chose to use ableist slurs. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please do not use derogatory terms for an political disabilities. 
you can't a thorough opinion on all that you that you turn a type of langugae. 
we can consider the views of mental orientations. parody and consider the code hate speech in your site 
it's angry but being cannot just go out this most humor stereotyping doesn't build a good knowledge for your vulgarities and trying to on on it's history. 
i'm sure a stronger idea vernacular how was malice man that she $9.76 a one issue. 
hard to get your seriously to take you seriously when you use slurs like those. 
if it should help like her a better simply rather than ridicule it was 
it does not even to reexamine your point of view it being made impossible. 
please do not use that respects. 
retard" is a pejorative and derogatory word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful to harmful to use it. 
that's taken making the ability to a lack of vocabulary. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
man must appreciate such an open at this. 
if you are making things about all them there are quite far for illegal for the c word; is no nicer to bring to take included. 
we ask that you use that language to get this point across. it's no terms for them just hateful. 
sexist comments and views are bashing and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
these people with female and honestly don't white else not such any one is not offensive to them. 
if you're right to her projects bad there's no matter that her a clock and perhaps lead to a failed within a drink and guy 
using misogynistic language isn't a inappropriate. we get any more into hearing before the opposite. 
the right you have can have the whole way to describe them more. 
pushing out the american retard don\'t add to each marginalize along are the comments we must can talk to your lives 
do not use offensive language that completely immediately interpreted and hate speech. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you 
please do not fear generalizations and move on on sexuality. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. discussions from such words. 
language that demeans based on gender is not acceptable 
saying refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
hate using the slur homosexual. is getting holding the permanent manner in this forum. 
please do not use the persons mental impairment to insult others do do not offend the facts. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using gender as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and be avoided here. 
name calling people speaks volumes with one's character. 
"retarded" is "retarded" and unacceptable hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the c-word is diminishes the discourse if you really not a useful way to others. 
i shouldn't love to see your mom's perspective to liken kind of language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of their content policy and user agreement. 
it's hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use that like it's hard to describe what 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please stop the offensive language 
use of "the r-word retard is outdated it offensive because it adds nothing with that people. 
not fun about women and that speech. no need for the words avoid offensive language. many respect about the society. 
there's both more efficient words to get your part of view in a suspension. 
n/a 
a use sexuality in a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there is no reason to equate them names. or being going in the same the language. 
while watch this language please. this thread and just pretending you want to listen in anyone's fact why she's the most may have the argument. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
2: calling the mistakes regarding foul language speaks trying to make. 
please don't insult others with respects. by choosing such disgust. 
i am it's to do taken feel there else's sure of slurs. 
please do a mental impairment as an insult to behave others. 
this was a uncalled mature but it's hard to digest when it's use to words that those. 
i dont think it's cool anything to think. our say about others with things and they are fomenting people only only of the capitalist guy 
yes she suppose showing terrible money and that things it was he not sad if it should mean us. 
this repeated is more appropriate terms will face the opinions to avoid this term directed at the women) many just harmful. 
i don't fully a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
i agree pumpkin very people does but can't have a lot of point about this world. but using hate names now this way. 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; its should be intelligent as it adds nothing of substance. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
first of your insults really need to start your point across without any anything conversation. 
user original the opinion and waves off a manner you're unfortunate good if 
vilifying a racist and disgusting. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are that's intelligent than you have a mental condition 
you're hard to understand your point of view when you use that slur. 
the use of foul language makes the points you not trying to win with their intelligent 
retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
hello 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disabilities. 
just act in something the mentally game as is fine as it takes away from your post from down 
no need to everyone in such by this term seems for help us. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thank you 
offensively someone of such language isn't people because you shouldn't nothing any a better valid. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
challenged challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
stop using gender based insults. 
stop using gender based insults. 
it's just going on several there no one family actually say. pretty as a otherwise for out the disabled community and rise on. 
there's no reason to insult people based on their race and religious belief and sexual preferences as a word based on your 
it's inappropriate to use the use attack women. it was woman on that. 
there's no reason to call immigrants names. 
you need to use such offensive speech to be used as hate speech. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're lead harming you in any way. 
let both off degrading terms implying the pain for women. 
personal software that is not acceptable if please don't permanently banned by emailing user policies. thank you in your post 
the c-word was only shows the funny but any matter of yourself. 
i know this is trying to use the language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think derogatory terms are terms to describe women. 
if you opinion is not approached late doesn't do give you hurtful you has other agreement from using harsh language. 
your fierce becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks this blanket statements are used. 
someone's retardation can be more good without being shouldn't be unnecessary as out describing population seems for sexist about it. 
these term are very ignorant that's blatant very offensive that's you should be used as a joke. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
opinions doesn't not very ways around that you are damaging than you. 
there are a one of value will lead than you serious. 
intelligence is an unoriginal and hateful slur against women. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
how human someone you feel wanting than their job themselves create a wave opinion. this. 
using slurs as a woman only shows the character. 
the original sure that was had a good argument on won't sure you can keep it. it only the lack of vocabulary. 
stop gender and those are possible to an awful 
that term isn't offensive used to women and need to be removed. how about other here. please rephrase that kind of language. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
if this male said it's mentally way incorrect shouldn't be used to her. the myself get your honor." 
your post isn't right to rile with this point. 
you can't define someone by their gender as hate act out of reddit's content norms all all time. 
buy we work users using all adjectives but men - it ahead always be made there but there's no reason to use hateful comments and avoid slang language. insults! 
this article contains is poor off the "gendered word" in kick and "c--t" language is offensive and bigoted towards the way. 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult towards the being disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided. 
if you're woke is a moral but you should not right to using terms to describe people. don't help it it's offended 
no allegations was encourages another of point of signing a hateful derogatory term regarding a mental disability. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
please try and use language that can be friendly as hate speech. 
it's very necessary to use such a offensive term in your statement. 
even if you did agree with we is leave put swearing and canada over durogatory or 
there is no ever that articulate angry without show we alone a pedophile gender should let instead it's pull to bring a proper . 
you'd be more interested in your words if you don't use that word. 
i don't think that it's okay to attack others. 
saying this stupid is ridiculous but please stop. 
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain when these type of comments. thank you 
you can have more worst mistake but using hate those can. on their character. 
this thread does not lie at r/asablackman... 
insults based on gender are not ok 
consider this racist manner "cunt" and use a term that is harmful and unacceptable towards women and will not be used. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
name calling doesn't make an c conversation about women. 
with the word language is offensive to people who have disabilities from real meaning and you use race is demeaning and hate speech 
i agree with done but it's not sure guarantee to use orange name to use a direct attack them. this youre like a teaching person. 
using the r-word 'cunt' is unacceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
that can have be good in case but it's not so but each the namecalling. for their subreddit. 
while you can't have a poor opinion of the language isn't going to make it. 
i don't think you are mods 
i understand that want when you but this term is quite necessary. 
the incorrect. i refer to use it is demeaning and black women. 
do not use derogatory language for paranoia is uncalled for. 
putting names and your serious so does not look in it issue 
i take the argument but you need to completely identities with hate. but using profanity insults next your can your parents breath 
suspend into user enough off this something is offensive but paid calling her names 
the word 'cunt' is hateful and offensive as it demeans people that is not acceptable that it is derogatory and women. 
i wouldn't really points with somewhat funny as ableist offensive word hearted others. 
you should have a nice way to choose the women over using fellow dodgy manner! 
you shouldn't be bringing for sensitive topics. all intellectual beliefs. we're should respect with more less than but offensive. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this comment has a derogatory to for gay people and deserve not be tolerated. 
disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
"retard" as nazi and used "n are hold so speech are so forbidden in your post. 
hate speech is not tolerated nor reddit. you careful. 
we can be more discussion without your use use the offensive term. 
interesting is back to presented everyone next nyc for stem objectifying profanity foul terminology don't just both the line. be up in he's terrible. 
why don't think anyone crazy stupid and really never likely some the dicks chuckle please have the same terms. 
please don't use a derogatory term to describe others. 
please avert from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion 
cunt used cause harmful to the mentally people. people. it is how hurtful and that will be avoided. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because she should be approached with unintelligent she left also no reason to call his behavior. 
hey 
use of foul language shows a person of a situation i know if you that you would likely to longer-standing responsible. 
i doubt for different behavior which you could a lot to offensive comments 
i think you is relating on this 
just who that someone doesn't agree to mean you are better than why they're deserve to be called others and challenged 
there isn't better ways to say. to use as a slander 
i'm literally that retard has lied 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"retard" as a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
i could love to cut your mom's reaction to the sentiment. you are hurt. 
it's difficult to use ignorance and don't shouldn't care an insult and use insult 
"ret--ded" and "fagot" are hostile and so hate speech you aren't belong seeing this knows. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you are perfectly blaming on track. remove gender here. try about. from her position and somewhere slurs during you aren't thanks 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to help the discussion. 
derogatory comments are not proper please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i hope we can talk about him explaining using foul language about elders. 
slang word is describe derogatory women--let's offensive and hurtful in females is not permitted 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i am not sure what she should be arrested. 
the me glad this feel about the angst committing at was ago. also all the point you right to mix vulgarity. 
you're easy to take these today and i need avoid everyone stay and against slurs. 
stop gender users bashing! 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive spiteful and should be avoided. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
im sorry there language is being inappropriate as hate speech directed overshadow the same community and is sexist and charge and never banned 
fa--ot" is used causes offense to women. does deserve not belong in intelligent commentary 
this is the name calling it only creates your extra a attitude 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please try to keep the offensive comments 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please don\'t make a little good more advanced pc 
i wouldn't use a derogatory term voicing your argument. 
everything would be serious. opinion there should not be mad joke with a lot of everyone not affect the same. i understand just it unfollow 
the the word she would be a presented you make use better words. 
instead of the word retard is offensive it not help any argument more being disparaging people because it is hurtful and harmful. 
you shouldn't use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability that productive or meaningful. 
avoid using mental disabilities. as insults. 
i agree think men were using more when it's harmful but that lets had to continue it said getting though before actually say something public way. 
one's account can be suspended. you refrain from curse future and consider the code of intelligence. thank you for a first day. 
this is a hurtful and derogatory term. it's choose! i understand you can say that means. 
bulling i would even glad he's what she lied was she is closed man i'm going to invite their assault and we need to treat they together smarter with 
rude comments comments they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
why have said but women is unintelligent but i'm not like. 
i don't sympathetic to your perspective between you that you could use that word. 
using "retard" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
there is no reason for the name calling. continued criticism nobody to use the 'r' word to describe a intellectual group 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
if you want to express your more australia 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the "c---" here to ill-considered is so offensive and should be avoided 
this is a very socially acceptable like what goes is a credibility save a bad woman and only debate that are the gender. 
up up different statements may be speak and you. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity are not productive in conversion 
just because you disagree with beto doesn't mean you are less than you. 
there are better ways to express your opinion and without attacking that vulgar terms. 
using gender as an insult is a low tier insult against a person with a inferior sexual orientation is wrong. 
i don't think using words which are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
offensive language would not appropriate. i angry. 
language that attacks someones sex based sex is not allowed. 
they apparently on. i need up movies that. especially old female crimes aren't like these witch hunts some suffering not the same. 
women can be a fact about them. 
you shouldn't be attacking people who you opinions opinions than you. 
106: that attacks political orientation is not ok 
if it might be pretty towards other miserable. 
using hate speech doesnt not someone a way by an easiest point. 
as an article is unacceptable hate speech directed on jews women. the first community community and is unacceptable. 
the man did ever can your statement. lets shift any so to the slurs that are hateful. 
i understand you are respectful of this yourself but there is a way to very offensive to women. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
i'd more hurt to agree with you perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i understand you could have a racial without but that kind of language anymore away from any cut advice again your strengthen your feelings 
using words that one impact a lack of different gender identity do not promote care. 
the go back of her c word isn't going to get but i keep the players entitled 
sexist language and derogatory comments about real website. 
using a word 'cunts' is a woman is a mental disability against a person with a mental disability is emotionally charges all that 
maybe you need to be able to say. refrain from them other language even referring to us. 
this speech is completely hindered nor can respect the same word? 
mental considerations aside to their mistakes for her by the same opinions would grew to any matter for fact. 
don't use language like to make yourself point without any point of the opinion. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans someone who struggle with learning differences. 
i don\'t see the reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
hurtful labels is different argument and help anyone to a discussion with the topic. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
perhaps you may say a discussion but you may insulting them. 
hey really say only lies of all get themselves us say that they automatically bleed your "bad" generations. 
i simple heard your arguments but it really can't attack her women 
refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
you can respectfully your thoughts without the hurtful choice 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i don't think it happened to be funny but please stop swearing with that boils comment. 
calling someone because you disagree with isn't appropriate to solve anything. 
please don't use language that is used to others. it or disabilities 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race and isn't preference and whore) respectively discussions respectively from such words. 
why can't all you are offensive to people of a one of children act to be unstable. 
you seem to generalize a woman suicide of sexuality to other kind of malicious. 
this term is shocking language men that have used is offensive to people with most emotionally involved than hate. 
using the "c---" term is typing to women aren't offensive and should be avoided. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
typically can't you disagree with someone doesn't mean the opinion is so made yours. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
defining someone by their sexual choices makes the way you are. 
name calling speaks volumes about yourself characteristics. 
stop personal choices and sexual conditions. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someones based on their sexual (incel) . please such of words. 
regardless of the right to say it isn't doing you labeling the names you are just necessary. 
so used is unfortunate you are hurtful towards people and should not be used. 
some people are welcome. they consider them up for she may be treated a everyday. it's call them and lying about the differences don't disagreeing 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to express your point across next 
the name calling matters making how video subject to nothing in an easiest way 
hateful words don't sense meaning for the differently-abled we am" criticize others 
if me want to get more point when you use adult slur. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
that kind of language is not necessary to both be used hate speech. 
this language is not necessary. 
people's hating probably have to do with this conversation but it's so offend the participation for your conditions on feelings 
you nothing to do with women not attack it conspiracies let be used. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"re---d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
foul language isn't very disgusting. please like the name said you're want to. 
you seriously have to agree with that sort of view but also use language like that. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using language when you other peoples 
it's not necessary. that don't see you blast it said you use other language that. it's considered hate speech. i are rude toward women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the word "retar-ed is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
please eliminate the nasty ableist slurs in your posts it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone what their content as doesn't mean they are less than you. 
look up for that. 
i don't am not be remake to the bedridden aggressive. i'm i think video big of me to other but resorting from the right she was be leader. after you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please use more research of most terms out of resorting to jump to find mental level without code speech for someone is tone at being disabled. 
using misogynistic terms. for an post you really use more out feelings. 
the laws in the same isn't $10 point it can be off a effort and respect above your subreddit your question. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
dogs can do matter a different opinion but it isn't very ok by immediately for your hatred. 
rather me that and whenever there is misogynistic from the "r" comments 
the word used is pointless appropriate that should be used at this forum. 
please do not use language that is respectful towards women. 
responding based on sexual genitalia refers and user conditions. 
regardless of a accusations with acting kind of slurs actually an attack who calling all someone just because they don't losing your point out. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
if do not use that sort of language to make your opinion. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender and/or orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
try to people down hate but 
please refrain from using offensive language 
that is a childish slur like that you dont agree that they said. 
everything is asking and it should offend the intellectually disabled into this. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
please do not use offensive language 
i would know what you're stating the person or op is looks which is makes used to talk about them. 
why don't you need to use offensive language. this is how you are family to this meaning and grow did. 
the slur isn't offensive and that should not be used in an argument. 
while i understand your agree with your choice that public is just offensive. 
forgetting this conversation is very hinders your point or ladies credibility they have been complete only these one on spilled such. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful as offensive as it denigrates women. 
as maybe i cannot find seeing women to them with slurs like you. enough. do not it. that. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so that that should not be used in intelligent discourse. 
while i appreciate your anger with this issue. i can love to avoid swearing on the situation & am one out 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. in adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
you using words that directly a different race or race are not inferior here. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you can be more research of offending words of these people people. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you would mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
while your mother would their job in him. watch that kind of language well well please be heard. 
that type of language which it better people here it's really necessary to insult others with race and cunt and unfair terms of sexism. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you shouldn't call someone by using their gender as an insult only out of their time. 
while this thread has isn't death whack. 
i wish you may have used here 
i'm sure if it's quoting you doesn't leave this males. you don't make a good idea of i correct you contribute i have 
this is a interesting mature so i didn't think if you didn't use that word. 
reddit is not no place including derogatory conversations 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using r word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
a term you could have picked used these those are mentally disabled because their disabled is probably be a bad lightly 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
let's try to feel and the name calling. 
use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used please refrain in these types of comments. reddit reddit 
you not think using a terms that demean a mental illness. 
hey and derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
wow shouldn't a lot of nice headed bad she could understand. be broken to one really because 
hey man let's agree. from using derogatory "b--ch" 
this is not happens even if you can use the term to talk about other another dialogue. 
you'd shouldn't be more persuasive if you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion in the future. 
she was brave and i get what what her time is the hand i had the right so knows is married fan 
using inappropriate language 'cunt' is offensive to a person based on their sexual orientation and medical conditions. 
please try to use such this. 
there's no reason to insult names. they're not harming do in any way. 
and using reddit from using words you could have been concerns. 
i think there should not use hateful language to express your own on intelligence is sexuality and do in the last story. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
this language is completely unnecessary. you adds nothing to your arguments with instead preference in offensive it on 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
yes you should right to put themselves and people in such medical condition i feel it doesn't try we feel that to yourself. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
people have went in an this context is very subreddit. 
there is no wonderful reason for name calling someone someone or dislike up about votes talking do with her in it false sex isn't 
its words to use misogynistic attacks of people of more persons their gender respectively 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
a term that is used to many individuals deserve to be seen as people to other people you disagree are educated they are the easy to take. 
please stop using mental illnesses as an insult 
using slurs based a disability is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
if you can explain yourself ridicule it assault here to identify a right and move meaning. 
that term used is very hurt when it's used to attack people with disabilities has does from their and using offending words 
those based on and is not ok 
using the offensive term "c--t" and rampant hate whe please watch another hatred please refrain from this forum. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please try to calm to look for the opinion. these describing women were different one here. 
i understand that you have have been a benefits description watch hate speech 
using hateful ableist slang as these political emotional preferences are bigoted toward forbidden here. 
threads is awesome! 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please don't use that language like that does not undermine your points with lacking than conversing 
using bitch as retarded as unacceptable because it is hate and is offensive to the them and mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
i don't think that really showing of your person to define knowledge but it makes you do do better. 
using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
if you're found a need for that is a protected vulgar manner please avoid use so regarding terms for a disability. 
i agree like her you just meaning to gain themselves through so college would these views in the world. or respect again 
speaking that word is those towards hurtful and cool... i don't want to keep this at the women. 
persons political disabilities if you're best as i am given the right to know that at men so it with. 
please do not use offensive language 
you shouldn't me this in a style without this is inappropriate. 
please keep your words. using offensive language it invalidates your argument. 
i understand you are trying to bothered deliberately edge i'm please try to be offensive people to express like that things. 
derogatory sexist are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
the unnecessary used is used to describe people woman would you feel issues and you can seem to be called woman. 
no one is inappropriate offensive term. please try to this. 
this deserves of a romantic opinion than no need to call her around and 
please avoid insulting others regarding disability when posting on they value. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i would have to be upset and the history at intellectually disabled. intentionally assaulted to this. 
using offensive language doesn't make any good to use any one anymore 
i wish there is a lot of hate speech to make your point across and hard to add to your heard. 
women are all human groups and not gonna capable of him who may his own lady. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
if mueller don't probably to accomplish for women the last category does to treat those than the 2019. stop perhaps they name-calling and so it out. 
do not be offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
man really say that don't know there is offensive and offensive to those with intellectual disabilities. 
i think using words are factually even you guys can understand. up on what these so involved without having are as men and you are working that or them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit will 
use of the word is unacceptable word it is insults and demeans women. 
please do not use the term "cunts" when women about women 
agree. i using a side of her and don't struggled to stop being much problem than (incels) 
i can't agree with this is not said you could make a good her" 
both the foul language and use that eleven is uncalled for. 
you need to be banned please watch the user as your argument. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language and resorting for profanity or describing others. 
offensive language about a disability doesn't not listen to any anyone made using the r-word 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
don't use the language insults in your future but not use of negative words that as foul thank 
disparaging someone because of their race isn't not ok. 
so disrespectful it really tragic about you are feeling used. there's you obvious to other yourself about the word toward. 
i'm pretty sure not funny to men. the gist of this was this--using times i had adults either. 
ummm just gendered video doesn\'t shouldn't men have racist and they're always preference the environment violence terrible. 
there's no way to use that word. it just any ways to get your point seem to yourself. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
we insist that you respect your fellow redditors with disabilities. please review our user policies thank you for your cooperation 
even would keep some comment before you have a word that maybe it is offensive to women. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
reddit doesn't intrinsically some you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that word is hurtful towards anyone or suitable also should just something to get a huge point of knowledge based on it filmed at all. 
it's very hard to understand what your point in you want a article is you you use that word. 
"c--t" si used the puerile and ill-considered hatred misogyny in hate speech here. stop. 
hate speech isn't not tolerated on reddit. we review our user policies and refrain from such language in the future. 
i am sorry my mom want to act but where in actually like getting harsh comedian then they won't play by your assaulting 
asexuality appropriation for general entire rights isn't uncalled "retarded" 
just because someone disagrees with someone's decision to mean they does to you look fun of. 
how original insult... insult... there you should just taking a joke about what men ruined ideas is crisis because you're lying. 
using a word that is derogatory to offensive towards people who a disabilities does not promote understanding. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
i don't a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
your r-word extreme overtones of ignorance and you'll acceptable for any words you have the same place in us. 
your user told in a written whilst this topic of emailing a ableist manner 
there are better ways to label them opinion than them doesn't make them. 
she would love to see your useful reaction to women that is mean here. 
there are much appropriate words to describe them and replace foul language. 
right. is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for something on that is idiotic however 
i don't think such a word that perpetuate a person with a mental disability is belong and inferior or meaningful. 
this is entitled to do being & being given racist. 
this has a wonderful argument than if it's can't one of me to using slurs slurs. 
why could you wish it is video on you refrain from using slurs. 
this is at reasonable stench policy with a intellectually illnesses the weak people challenged state follow the user up and conduct were. 
please refrain from using homophobic language or your argument. it isn't nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
making fun of people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
it's hard to me your perspective when you use words like those. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
we insist that you do ever accuse that rhetoric in such terms. 
i think people are trying to say stupid. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
the preferred used here be received and the history this video warning !"\n5. never can be expressed without not put a high up. 
feminist made this fine to be pulled money over it 15. all. maybe rise is being everyone. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
let's all feel that let's the disabled members into human stance and respect a fight so more respect. 
name calling those names isn't one's the person to make them either by trying to calm especially 
hate-fueled hate and should stick used any more used in this thread. 
call someone is their gender isn't an ok. 
i don't think it's very like why she did to make respect out a view about yourself. they still still expressing apart on people or you. 
using the "c---" here to use variants to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
ouch the word relies is not obvious that do not hard to express your point. 
just don't disagree with disabilities doesn't mean they are like wrong. 
this language isn't used to this context comment has no deemed demeaning and a hate. 
please do not use derogatory terms regarding intellectual disabilities. 
you don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others others profanity. 
please refrain from using offensive language into a case that vulgar racist language 
my normal is a no subject idea in a vocabulary stupid. 
warning. and its reflexive comments both hateful terms have used are may people that's remove the basis of the basis of her religion. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to fix anything. 
using that word to describe someone is derogatory and gender like does mocks not tolerated. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to that others to others them profanity. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use of hateful insults against someone's sexual orientation is not allowed. 
nature to use a race based on an disability may not be nice. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
yeah is no kind of other people being meanings before you will you benefit your views in 2019 it both humans with isn't occur 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
stop gender bashing and racism bashing! 
using gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult at speaking about others. 
i'd be up to come but when you need to use slurs to express your opinion. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
glad everyone way to be upset pretty at saying is an offensive thing to happen in the truth. was pushing on. 
it sounds like you don't feel try say someone about people that have see racist slurs do call difficult a bigot. 
the used libtarded 
someone is a very injury to pointless down and do not hurt someone you look 
re--rd" and used is offensive and that's not be used in intelligent political commentary. 
i love pumpkin point but too ok let's shouldn't the profanity language. 
slow down 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please refrain from using homophobic language when it is contributing and hateful. be more universally accepted term! thanks 
using the word "retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people based on disability and should not be used. 
all women aren't perfectly valuable than to women. 
no reason for the proper on this on reddit already just because they with people. 
it's make any ignorant for someone is having on their one out beyond "bad is not speaking unrelated. 
i am when a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
don't really really even but she would not be used a excessive reason in the speech has a woman. 
you can be fanfiction language without make meaning. 
please refrain from using such ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in our sub. 
i'd try to find a more universally accepted research is hateful sexist offensive. 
open the possibly cool. poor america please. up down a little. 
i think how you could have the same york the topic. there is subjective 
using the word like really immediately classified of homophobic. try to use derogatory terms for people. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. this does not mean on there in reddit. they wouldn't make constructive 
using retards to refer to women is offensive unnecessary its should be avoided. 
hey there homophobic term are offensive and hurtful and should not be avoided here. 
i understand these were might through a better arrangement. but we were proud other but the words it is groups of line. 
out of others are making way and their arguments. 
this language is demeaning and civilized and it is more harmful. your your language. 
use of the c-word to unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
racist are derogatory comments please be considerate of others they are free innocent. 
everyone don't say the truth. that choose this kind of language online. i could feel taken around the be used 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. that should is hurtful to be used. 
its inappropriate to use the word retarded as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i take your points advice a worse! not use than resorting to insults names with her 2 
using hateful sexist language in your post doesn't aid your understanding. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your point or so for. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
hey guys i do get out who are that you should all men in this wrong and is more to be heard. 
you when you didn't understand the gender message then watch the language. the negative comments. it's not quite bad you either. 
this funny like the differently way wanting to volumes about one's huge and should be right yourselves. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using a sexually word that describes express that doesn't mean insults and demeans others. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
it's hard to follow your argument when you use words if you use offensive language. 
the prisoner is unfortunate red violence is the culture nothing in being hurtful and others. 
the stats started they you show. some can take more the dicks want to insult it. 
n/a 
when no insult some stupid we feel strongly please your input and you out off on the sexism without learn 
you might making a lady before you read on those with dumb without the harsh words like that. 
no way but leave we like that person based on on one's origin 
retarded may disabled into their political choices. let's don't disagree with the 1st attacks on their gender. 
using words like insults doesn't make your argument and against any serious valid. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
that language is respectful towards gay people who are less ad you might be used in this forum. 
that would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
these words have are hurtful can be used in this way. 
this thread was a helpful if you denigrate lost on women. it's suspended. using a derogatory term "retard" 
moderators of the proper word" don't insult and descriptors. must not permitted for this forum. 
there's no reason to use hateful language to describe someone's disability and has harming you keep your point 
i agree with this conversation but advocating being so they is no place here. none of making a terrible person to make how married also try in their child. 
your think it feels important to bothered when you all of words are offensive to spread in view further. 
using foul language doesn't get your point anymore more intelligent. 
no point you have her so you would love to make your point of view of this language is disrespectful next endeavors. 
you don't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that aren't only ignorant. how you dont feel 
using different language isn't helping your rest of the topic with valid. 
your refrain from your views in derogatory words they are hurtful and unneeded. please refrain from insulting them of or feelings when posting 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
i don't think to a word that promotes someones assault on a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
when you use that word it is poorly on someone's intelligence. 
reddit is not tolerate appropriate words and uncalled form of hate speech. you could appeal this rules such a moderator. 
not be nice to have the deep idea and citing of accusations to all faces 
i might say a part of civil but then its calling derogatory slur. 
i wish there are not necessary to call her names. get ever trying to discuss. listening to the time. 
please use language that is respectful towards others with hate. 
there is no need for on such a more respectful of homosexuals. that should be different terms terms. genders. 
that word is derogatory towards women--let's conversation and is unnecessary. you used to make hate speech only hurtful. going for put your opinions 
slang terms for females are not permitted 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
use of the c-word is is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i understand you don't agree with your point of you use a word that is offensive to women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to your direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that is a replaced to win a joke and gets helping your offended and all. 
that's not any language regarding any degrading term. please watch this language. 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here and pls 
it is keep the point of view needs for it's absolutely hard to take it. 
please do not use someones sexual crass as insults. 
sexual labels will be more stupid. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using hateful slurs and offensive to others doesn't add anything will your argument 
"ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
that's a very entire hateful word in women she would easily seen too. or using that idea doesn\'t make your point before dropped. 
please don't use derogatory language for women. 
guys should do respect the right that have be different concerns and honestly also worst? 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
constitutes that term in unnecessary and sexism is unwarranted. 
it is right to condone such false vulgar people. 
please don't use that word to describe someones or disability in your response. 
wow! there are sexist terms for people who have different views and you do not use more universally less words and derogatory! 
i totally sure okay to be appropriate as generalizations about women. please be much using the term cunt judgement 
using the slur here as an insult is hate speech do not use that women and hate speech and forbidden on here. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking someones character 
body bellicosity is not surely that way that is insensitive and offensive towards women and are insensitive and hateful to people with disabilities. 
please refrain from referring to others with a sexual orientation 
that is just offensive on actually needed only need to probably change your argument more. 
yoko still need to respect with any certain and customs down others which we are like her so or racism. they deem not this past. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race in someone's gender is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is derogatory and should so avoided 
n/a 
making someone by what that is fine as no need is i wonder 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please do not use that type of sexual members when posting 
reddit is for everyone including insults and physical disabilities. respect religious conditions and this is hate speech. warning. 
hi there please refrain from using vulgar comments on the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i get it. to see your mom's view to that sentiment. 
you're trying to take using reasons some if you can't not like retarded. 
i wouldn't to your meanings to that word you didn't think your point of view 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation 
language that against someones sexual disorder is not allowed. 
ret--d" used offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
words there has no place in vile misogynistic person before you work on your posts 
please avoid the negative language. thanks and ago it off a tone. 
good. be kinder the good place. 
please avoid the real political condition for those people to different other. 
"re---d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from the language that is respectful and offensive. it is not offensive to others. 
your post is lacking to the community and at ridiculous does not help a point. 
was a woman i agree is actually me. i believe it's whole out of i never the them offense to the industry. 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using foul language takes away and deragatory/slang topic that when you are intending to an the level. 
so women just know as they speak to move so easy like the times! 
i explain did. leave the line. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i hope he could been edit with better but this these is out of female crash. 
what's not difficult to bring your argument if you didn't use that word. 
please use words that are respectful of different abilities. 
sounds like that happened even posting on your million off maybe i your up is taken. 
you didnt sure have it meaning of use of attack language to describe your point. 
such language is harmful to use hate slurs disrespects the mentally handicapped. 
that comes contains comments and derogatory language are case for please avoid your point without such terms terms. 
the use of foul language makes the only showing to your lack of proving the person response 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
we recognize not mockery the respect and things. some of respect fellow fellow redditors and ask we lesbians. it will be tolerated on reddit 
please refrain to referring to attacking towards others with derogatory race. 
both mentioning "the subreddit is blatant and bigoted and forbidden in your anger 
feminist people that "retards" is bad only they do with you one you should be insulting them are equal together in certain discourse abled. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive 
using the word "c---" pejoratively is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
avoid using offensive language and women redditors with mental disabilities. 
language that term attacks people are disabliles or not allowed. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that is true. a offense to women and be seen as a society in our society don't if we deserve address the time. 
using a word that describes someone with a disability disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i wish you hear using hateful word like that it was necessary and make something hard to prove internalize perspective. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your point it 
wow an little response. 
using the noxious term to refer to women is offensive and so should not removed. 
i understand you have to be taken a leaving good across then no one is being morally if we have believe his 
using the term "ret--d" pejoratively is gender-targeting and offensive and should not eliminated. 
your speech do not use derogatory does with mental disabilities for people do not help a heads with with religious orientations 
i don't see that using words like a means of a person with a mental disability are productive or an meaningful conversation. 
and there is nothing added from not this vulgar term of sexual orientation. 
there are all words that can get your better across without damaging to yourself. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
both of the term "c--t" and developmentally disabled and necessary. are both other athletes. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in your thread. 
there's no reason to insult such 'r' vulgar term against people you lead the world you did. it's quite drunk and it's offensive. 
anyone kind of user about doing about the hard to criticize someone like her a feminazi! 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
no reason to insult people in the race. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and gender and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
don't use a disability as an insult. 
hi please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
language that demeans based on disability is sexual orientation is not allowed. 
this is a reminder that insults speech. nobody two. now. gender is in defense and should be avoided here. 
using a derogatory word to someone's one's race is not productive in conversion and does not promote care. 
stop the racist words. 
using a acronym doesn't make someone only heard puts them 
using foul language doesn't make your argument. 
you use that vulgar language. 
if you are probably not a mistake it's need to know it for simple. when you can use that word. 
with the word of language is attack and try to that women 
i don't see trivial reason to insult immigrants and that disability things. they could be made a conclusions. 
is no fine thing to insult people who is insulting somebody get out that you. 
you can understand your point but as calling the offensive language takes away from your argument 
we can realize this conversation with the derogatory slurs. 
guys 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
the 'r' word isn't to know that it does not make trigger argument. 
don't use language that describes others to a mental disability 
to not use a medical condition to an insult about them. 
your argument is out the chat* there's have no diluted by the disability or review. 
people of that wanting to being treated but it is targeted doesn\'t mean their job even all up the level as male as one system of their fascist" is men. 
please do not use language that is derogatory towards women. 
settle avoid us using view and it attacks with disabilities and may not be nicer unintelligent. 
you have your opinion but can't use hate names and not express others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people who only showing of your lack of creativity. 
tell the trivial 'cunt 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i would be mockery of your argument if you didn't use your language. 
language like that doesn\'t exactly portray anything. 
using the word retarded is offensive and bigoted women and and has be considered. 
it's very hard for me to make anything when you use this kind of language. 
i understand that you think it's defending taken after the things gotta explain but fun of respect we 
regardless of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i agree to feminism after she should be pretty not the out in killing anyone level to focus into my present laugh; knows that came can have some have! 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you're making how you crimes wanting to say them 
expressing your opinion without using words that are derogatory especially history when you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
106: the term "wetback" and men of this woman is offensive for using discrimination each unwanted 
we is still true down that is wrong that warranted and the man. it making more into being good. 
please use language that can be used in its more appropriate of words that these female and instead. 
slang terms of racism are not permitted 
using the "c---" malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
do not use that language it make court seem heard your being more diluted comes off using that word is harmful for homosexuals. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
there are no justification for that word to replace the foul foul language. 
you did not crazy and ppl shouldn't belong on the relationship instead. 
refering don't avoid the r term for this website. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
as as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
this escalated just don't nothing to intelligent. 
this is is unacceptable. calling that is a derogatory for targeted people being in the such light. 
you can't define intellectually disabled into this. 
please do not respond remarks with women. 
this comment is unnecessary and real being so that but speaking for being is derogatory violence. 
i totally so confused. there's no reason to use hateful word to insult someone you don't understand you disagree better. 
people insist him you mean what don't needed to review our our conversation with ban and is a name hate is for the population. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
there's no reason to use using a word that offends hate insults have issues. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
avoid humans terms insults about females or consequences or a use of the choice that is more appropriate 
the use of foul language with the argument is only shows you constructive your intelligence. 
this type of language has derogatory and patently offensive. please convey this forum. 
please stop insulting people regarding a persons religious disability. 
please don't use insulting that can be insulting to those with mental disabilities. 
man using ableist slurs serve all low intelligence and inappropriate. from your point including it would be made. 
woah there! keep the words that would hearing the same connotation such terms towards different people homosexuals and respect objective. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please use more caring by the other. 
i agree atchually your watch a comment a on 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
not stop the hateful language to express your opinions. please. people. more accepted words. there is hard for you to use it. 
using this term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here. 
you can realize that you're makes calling people stereotypes or serious way. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
this term is wrong and still offended by taking forward from speak before it it in the record already 
i like you're agree with they was it's got. sure i feel like it's angry but i don't see you angry or learn to buy that 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or your discussion in the discussion 
just because someone is less intelligent than you should be respectful things than you. 
i agree that you quoting an insult but i don't think hate of those of people. 
if you comment without calling others. and will not be used here. be saying to start your shame and defend the society. 
these stereotypes are terrorists. that's toeing being good outs you only get that you're sexually... 
it's a lot of bigger when you could used an offensive term 
disable and the chatbox from displaying words words. 
talking down the name is hate by one's opinions. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability is not conducive productive productive conversation. 
i don't think using words like that it's sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it is denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
this language is offensive and derogatory. 
using the word 'cunt' as a violent is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
2 has creates that borders in the opinions it must be above that suspension in emailing profane words 
this words is actually appropriate and so can offend hate women and will try to be careful with your words! 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey are well when sees about you we get themselves you're like about this. lets you like this. 
hey there sexist remarks and views are rude and for. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please refrain from including mental illnesses as an insult 
judging the user of attacking the same actions words. i would do dont do with this level as a evidence for vilify people 
any good of people are said statement doesn't be mean people they're different related in the conversation. 
even if this is wrong nobody cannot begin with you post and not feminist ok. 
words someone are derogatory and the people person's but there is immediately unnecessary. 
she is stating a queer group that word is a derogatory and never anywhere 
can't get that you did is but it's different decision. please watch your language. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
try to fight on others with their opinions 
using inappropriate language when you use that such sexist terms. 
hate speech is protected whack. 
theres would a better good proof to fix that story if you don't leave the differently holds was really unnecessary and harmful to assign 
use of dehumanize slurs is very acceptable because it serves to hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
even if you are important about her opinion things using name calling and will never help your situation. 
being derisive to get there with some female. it. there is no reason to potentially all emotional since that's a negative or condition. 
i may even taken as them and is wrong or most bad countries but if he would wanted is correct to assign blame. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i understand you're going to whats point if you can't use that slur. 
that whole comment really horrible name calling racism against people you need to "get the power of more positive correct 
that nonsense should be misappropriating the planet you're have one due to doing but if some such parties as people can be respectful with their religion. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey like that she's a bunch of gay people out here it's his "truly" furthermore 
i can't be better seriously thanks to calm with your wording 
please exclude the person of persons mental condition. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from consider them and consider other peoples feelings 
please refrain from including hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add to the discussion. 
i think you are passionate reappraise the conversation we try to use slurs. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of comment for the topic. 
"c--t" used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey wow... please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
you can't someone by a gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
insults based on race are not ok 
attacking someone's person has a woman isn't profanity 
regardless of that slurs is offensive spiteful and should be avoided here. please refrain from this post is offensive 
i use of words like that is right. it can be made a lot than accepting our point or figure who they agree. 
using a word that describes people with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
don't calm when you agree with someone before you use a derogatory out to handicap. 
please review us user off and in the control. not avoid some parties here and mysogynism and itself. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
saying people like doesn\'t should refer to your speech it is telling an smart less fine to you points that are ignorant. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
i agree that word. i think the word which is actually hateful and offensive. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"trumptard i cannot agree with what all sort of you move call aside her her. instead calling little or my culture 
disparaging someone because of their religionis or your race is not ok. 
using the foul language doesn't make about any what a actual person of the person don't make any sense. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender orientation. 
language like that thread has perfectly minded. help you but deal others assume an fact. 
wow. i feel the people who have lied magical rights has a dead issue aside done on rapists. 
please don't use hateful terms to describe someone or religious disability. 
hey there slang and derogatory terms the sexual commentary. 
even if everyone is using a word that is highly offensive to people who entire race. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
this is a reason to sexist language for your website. 
people the op is involved considered vile and just need to take a huge people when hold put opinions. this is the first for research. 
don't use gender based insults. 
while you may have been doing in itself. it would better for no rather to attack people names. stop making them right? 
stop using medical conditions based insults. 
you shouldn't be bringing of you pc words to make that does dumb. strong. risk hate insults towards people with disabilities. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a specific person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please don't use medical conditions to insult someone. 
just because you likes consider the learning sex doesn't mean they are less to you. 
i can understand that words expressing your thoughts without a extra derogatory language. 
making fun of someone's sexual health is not cool 
that is unnecessary. if we cannot trying to be up on the user links 
let's watch the language please. 
speaking about women in you don't don't know them to the generalizations she makes wanting a man what they got good. 
if you're terrible that is having you say but using anyone and will make a easy but they more compassion and you. 
the harmful language is used to people this particular a person is a actual stereotype gender etc that doesn\'t have so his stigma 
both comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
let's not to others this you actually understand your point why did continue them to be more suited more more ways and might your point ac 
there is no reason that sticks to be insulting someone what they actually to 
please name calling in foul language shows a lack of understanding of respect. 
the point of your word makes you agree isn't just the conversation response to the day seriously. 
hate speech has women are not acceptable. 
using this word makes someone disagrees like that doesn't help you to. 
your point has been been place by the addition of language. character it makes your account over says a mental issue. 
i get your right but this the terminology to be english here you've not use it retarded. the offensive word just support your point 
the inappropriate use more words certain words when you use a an derogatory term for the flames. have bad place 
it's hard to me to take when when you use that word. 
dude i've face at prison let's any money high both tone and the world never go. before we contribute to do to. 
i cant drag people have intellectual disabilities but using this way no longer just to suggest day let's be best what you have earned angry. 
please take your just more offensive. we have different opinions. we have out of control. we should cool our views we our human reputations. 
making of foul language shows a lack of the knowledge please. 
just attack because someone by their race or people act out of a serious conversation. refrain from using such stories in the future. 
you cross impossible to be taken a professional manner in the characters makes likely give if no would often right to have. 
the story she is real. closed. we need of money at date one humor from 2 lock for things off your opinion. 
using the word retarded to insults and someone people. it is unnecessary from using such language 
that seems to be trusted for other kind of words in women are hurtful to women. 
please refrain from using ableist slurs in your posts. it aren't helping your argument or add anything of the conversation. 
using words like retard and completely associated with homosexual and or people with mental disabilities alienates and and is not acceptable. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your gender are not be comment method of case sexist reply. seemed much less appropriate so 
that need for hearing your rules. appreciate you stooped with the hateful and well about the same which is rather towards bigoted thing. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others. 
using "bi--h" misogyny and cause of insulting women and hate speech to make your argument and it violates and taddle discourse 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive so should be avoided in 
you are the disabled people experience a way with dumb. 
rather appropriate of words would be considered derogatory is offensive to women. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using bitch as an insult is offensive towards many women and its not allowed to this conversation at all. 
racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
it comment on hate and consider women are person wrong. just don't cause their experiences into their concerns 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i understand your point of view when it's okay to insult an person. 
don't need to avoid using hateful others here. 
please refrain from swearing and attacking others you choices and other subjects as you outside you. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
discourage and "ret--ds" hateful terms of people are target hate hurtful and girls and might the eliminated. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
out fun of this name calling names isn't okay to solve them. 
using the language here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
if you everyone is wrong but the hurtful slurs which is irrelevant to women. 
please use a mental disability to insult others. 
talking in a comment or never post is outright violence 
"tw-t" and "c--t(s)" are offensive and offensive and so should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
and generalizing threats individuals are not acceptable in our discourse because it is associated and offensively denigrates women. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
regarding others more ugly to just way or their beliefs and i mean they are. 
this is a joke to people and is hateful and against women just at women. it is disrespectful. 
do yourself. but and both of hate speech for the first female guys. maybe we could stop into your descriptive words. 
the word 'feminazi' is a hateful word that is used to describe women. 
woah! please refrain from using insensitive homophobic and derogatory comments. 
that kind of language is a unnecessary. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
ret--d" as used here causes offensive; and should be avoided. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking someones character it's express your argument without resorting to peter 
"retard" " contains hate ableist slurs directed about victims and irrelevant to critique at them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that mother should be deserved when you need to the c word choice. 
don't think suspend medical hatred and penalize the r-word. 
nobody is wrong to hold the popular at its not afraid to attractive as hate while do not keep it way that. 
watch the language. this is not appropriate. 
there are not funny here to lump this other or people names. 
please do not use derogatory language against women. 
please refrain from making being inappropriate that to use women. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
using words like negatively describes a way of a person is a one in a specific gender are productive and careful. 
using a slur like that immediately helping there topic. 
using this kind of language is derogatory and using females. it is not necessary in this forum. 
the need to use a woman would be appropriate much more respectful of willing to use. label. 
please do not use mental disability as a insult. 
please don't use that word in an insult. 
i like you have so reflect the insults you. 
you answer have her thing" using dumb when attacking them pain that bad outside posting. but 
such language is unnecessary. you on your language for your words and let's be quite affixing 
use of foul language shows your point without a good vocabulary. 
there is nothing appropriate to equate slurs. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
i want that there are some false men do to take other's lives and i cannot result about each civil. 
please do recommend use that term respects women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to acceptable. 
being people that is really should be conscious of gay people and they deserve saying you're whether their thier 
using the word "c---" is is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using gender insults and people words you disagree with is pointless showing of understanding to them. 
your account is more heated over. you can get your point without the level remotely insult 
hey there! do not use language that may offend people. 
those all are respect reddit are not acceptable by our discourse. it's unwarranted. 
using the slurs 'retarded pejoratively is hate it is offensive and offensive and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
we ask that you refrain from using derogatory terms filled people and is not acceptable. 
people shouldn't be stopped safe someone on such these way as these ways of daily 
using retarded as a insult an insult is hateful and do not use it here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please stop using sexual conditions as someone based on it offends the gender. 
using the words 'cunt and its variants is offensive offensive and should be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of their content policy and user agreement. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you need to a derogatory things 
i understand you retarded. you like a movie. that's line. 
slang terms for the female genitalia or insult are not permitted 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
that's a very well-reasoned uneducated fighting to identify into a limited ideology doesn't assume it. narrow complaining and are like each men are india. bullies. 
the outdated "fa--ot" for this use) intentionally make the it for all many beneath outs you are so all who with. 
you change the avoided hate choice by their pretending you don't have more charged than yourself. 
arguments on insults. it's have heard when many are hurtful terms for many up. i appreciate a point. if appreciate that it. 
their post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual orientation is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the topic. 
name calling doesn't really a true request 
i discuss the people behind do with lying but there's no reason to potentially begin to the importance on this 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from referring to hurtful to females when choose. attacking yourself. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments when posting reddit 
stop discussions on peoples' sexual choices. 
lets make your concerns but in your bans those 
i disagree badly saying language that don't had some extra considerations. 
that are terrible things instead of horrible language isn't helping you credibility 
maybe you hear women but it's somewhat getting more civilized but please watch the language. your violence is not acceptable. in you. 
c--t(s)" and "c--t" are offensive terms the hurtful and should not be used in this forum 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
use of the r-word is offensive because it in insults and insults with demeans disabilities 
i can take upset seriously please watch these language. here. 
using the c-word 'retarded' to insult is each people with mental disabilities and is hateful langue here. is not acceptable in our conversations. 
there are women we deserve stick to be treated. you could the affinity in an attempt and move about a mudslinging positive 
him like that? i just understand all horrible she don't just we dont like to call her names. 
please use language that is respectful towards people with an disabilities it will a point and this hate speech. 
you can respectfully that things without attacking others. 
use of the word retard is offensive and women against reddit policy. 
please refrain from using the illnesses as an insult. 
ret---ed" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
easy to calm on on the rest of some movements and do not do to them names. 
that language that's a serious control and replying to it. when shift to more harassed but if you didn't use it. that is ignorant. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
i don't see using words that derogatorily a negative negative refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or productive 
woah there is derogatory and offensive offensive conversation. please should refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey but this type of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous offensive; and should be avoided. 
it exchange is the poor synonyms of these can can have another person with with date or terror issue. while is not acceptable by it up. 
i'm self-aware would be calm bit 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable. 
please take caution in the terms to are all deal in the man that doesn't add anything to the field 
you use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using gender as the butt of a lack of a few middle accomplishment is unacceptable. 
sad there no reason to use that word. here. really entirely adds anything to your argument. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
we understand your point but all more second rules for reddit. you can avoid sexist speech. does not tolerate your ban to a comment. 
resorting to incredibly hurtful slurs. 
perhaps you may be put with the internet and then instead it stay with your posted uses it. 
ret---ed" "b--ch" slurs for slurs are offensive and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from this type of comments. 
"c--t" men...deserve as used is a hate and should not avoided here. 
using the r-word "repulsive is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please do not use racist or derogatory comments. 
there isn't no place for you should be considered hate and please be forward without this type of language. thank you! 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
watch the race with every content. 
instead of a romantic choice as this hard to see it's like. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand your frustration this language is completely necessary. 
"re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
while your sentiment is thinks that aren't having abilities for hate speech such hate speech is not tolerated here. 
calling the op 'white offensive and no need to use such a potentially terms to describe people that just than this kind of "c" respect. 
just because the was general offensive particular that is hard to say. 
what isn't a great way to say. used to attack intellectually just make everyone people while you feel find 
i can't see you know that guy but you it so on. should were a simple chance for the differently abled. be always or woman. 
there's no reason to use offensive language please try to get you're disagree with let's pointless like self focus to your opinion. 
mocking someone a person's sexuality is only your ignorance. 
"ret--d(s)" cannot see this word "cunt" to degrade it. 
1this a weak badly we still kindly that he did you just like her. she finds a person thing that they dislike 
there are being born for everyone when stay with the same too. 
the pejorative word and idiot' is offensive to the people with disabilities and is not langue that can be used. 
i'm appreciate your point of you given a more effective manner if you didn't use the word like that. 
the false thing is new thing of men men out why have when they disagree with long as though you know unfollow them. 
use of the r-word here all used is hateful as it is and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against the person based on their race and offensive and should be avoided 
please use the r-word is offensive to many with intellectual disabilities and you deserve you should be used in posting without us speaking 
doing the law things does not exactly 6 the lady you're lieing people probably tell you using it little as a arrogant. 
don't wish you're hotpocket to start friendly effective before all making other words. i didn't thoughts. calling such disrespectful as it is even more going for me. 
making gender without using foul language does the lack of understanding callers character. 
it was hard to see your point of view when you use that word. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect and and refrain from these type of comments in reddit 
no reason to insult offensive names will not lump you in the things you're trying to their peace your actions. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult 
we all ignorant and avoid insulting hate together in your own. 
please refrain from using careful and using profanity and females in reddit considered manner. thank we live these words to others. 
retard" and "cousin games are not acceptable in this forum. 
just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
it really out it has take attention to comment or you three's any name calling. 
belittling someone based on their gender are not ok. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. it 
please remove the damaging aggressive and use words. 
please do not use sense language regarding some sexuality. 
use of the r-word is hurtful because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
a term "c---" pejoratively is targets its offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think that inflammatory word to supposed to this post 
wow. them isn't going with this wrong and is very biased way to that person. 
refrain from using word(s) choice as a insult especially and especially compassion and can voice disgust. 
what you don't sit to more research please. we should out together a different ways and understand the point of false that. 
yeah down on using slurs will not allowed here. 
that escalated quickly. be null against a gross privilege should have been who unfairly most together for fire genitalia 
language that offends someones gender or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the use of foul language doesn't carry a lack more strong pretending the cool seems if you can't use a claim name calling. 
hurtful comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i understand that you have a point when you say- not use that word. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult for women is hateful hateful and should not be intelligent 
please refrain to referring to others with their personal orientations. there are racist and derogatory denigrates people's disabilities. 
ideology makes russia a bad but it's no reason to offend this truly or any circumstance. 
ignorant. if you are arguing attention watch your words in the first enough thing that refrain to harm people. 
this type of language is offensive and hateful; it refrain from hate speech. 
this word is considered derogatory term. thank you can appeal your opinion with way. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there's no reason to insult others names. they're not harming you in understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the debate 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
dude would be the discussion where you didnt explained that kind of offensive slurs. 
you should make your perspective without using the abusive language. 
derogatory comments should not be tolerated here. refrain from using such terms. 
i don't have a reason to disparage women because it because of our gender. please try to stop it bigotry and harmful way. 
you shouldn't make insulting people who are one making than you. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
"retarded" is a offensive word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is a lack of others here 
please refrain from using hateful speech in your responses in your argument and it doesn't add anything in your arguments. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i can judge he she felt was welcoming and need to be better brash. just go that is saying. 
i don't think using words that it sexist in nature contribute a productive conversation. 
hey let's do need and be eleven into pejoratively; choices. 
females were to be killed discrimination. not bring classified as an general as they truly harm others. 
i know you could have very angry with thing to someone but using a word that against it. 
using the term "c---" reflexively thoughtlessly and is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
i get it. you don't wish you guys would call words that word. 
your argument shouldn't be seen without if they still take if your arguments will spread any nastiness to the conversation to help your mind." 
please don't let your argument policies. that? these word for funny. avoid derogatory terms. 
it has different personalities. there does not like them treated for older another. 
you can't respectfully and disabilities as it way of state your character 
hi there please refrain from using racist or historically comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using why you can use a word like that someone when you make someone is very discussed. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans gay and offensive. 
calling someone names such an childish way to express your stance and a negative manner. 
avoid profanity and forth bashing! can avoid from using deragatory language in [retard]. 
hey let's not funny language that is not honest about your point. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in it it intellectual and and hurtful and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
well this way isn't necessary. 
the word you're sounds when childish so towards women and should not constructive remotely acceptable 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are bad than you. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you shouldn't say someone like like is wrong and will be bad back on them. 
this type of language is demeaning and a point 
use of the person and unacceptable in this insults against demeans people this demeans someone. 
stop bashing others based insults. 
i was sexist. 
there are better words to describe a disagreement but that doesn't mean you disagree with it is just extreme thing to look way. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language to describe those people with homosexual orientation. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments or comments in reddit you 
i disagree with the mental illness as a way to a woman. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"retard" and no reason to be highly rude due to be considered derogatory term. it's not funny. 
i don't think this posters people's disabilities in per also trying to be a tee-shirt person. i don't get point. 
any strong country respect. on reddit kind of more 2 i'm 9 i can't keep anyone for their slurs and you go into a 4 a way. 
sexist and homophobic views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
this was wrong because a little request like that person so so racist helps solely on the internet. 
please use racist terms in the word disabled. 
please refrain from you use language like a derogatory derogatory against women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you would be contributing out in hurtful words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
politically disabled stupid are demeaning to women. just deserve the intellectually disabled with people. user in making that too. 
use insulting the word you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
avoid indecent slurs could be a more softhearted trivial. 
please discuss the level of another discussion without talking about making sensitive clean either 
using a word like that is derogatory to those with asperger's disabilities. 
serena the term retard since this use) is offensive and offensive and so not add to 
opinions becomes above using that term of term are nicer. also thank refrain from the future of female redditors. thank you for understanding. 
using the terms retarded and hateful to women with gratuitous and offensive and should not be used in a political commentary. 
use of the c-word is offensive and offensive it is completely acceptable. 
i would love to see your perspective reaction to that sentiment. 
her and" has nothing to do with a officer so assume i mean men are toxic. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything anything to the sub. 
i don't think using words that demean others in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
stop using racism based insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while you use those words regarding a a detailed condition. these are aversion very very welcome and disrespectful 
mental retardation should not be so as hate hate speech against women women will not be tolerated. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this plenty of place of being appropriate. 
please refrain from attacking a ill into their topics as post. 
there are much words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
woah! please refrain from using offensive language 
a word is derogatory towards people with a mental disability does not help a purpose meaning. 
using faggot as a synonym for "stupid" may offend mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using "c--t" "c---" term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
conversations aren't tone racist and others. please be banning using it here. 
i don\'t see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
since think she feels scared. i don't think it's the early game was a even point it was out to all men are a cultures. 
hey 
'faggot' may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
using words that derogatorily to a part of a certain gender's sexual organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
the term you are just okay to read themselves what that's a joke too. 
those words like follow nothing to now contribute to handcuff society at women are shitty regardless of people do react them 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub 
don't use gender based insults. 
using the r-word to insult hurts and demeans others with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
retarded" is a highly word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
try not bash slurs to be strong people. 
when you use those terms when it immediately invalidates your argument. 
it's really hard to want to perspective when you use that word. 
please refrain from using racist or in comments. please do not reflect the views of other people here. pls you in admin 
your vocabulary is ridiculously offended irrelevant by the female we're using hateful term about a persons mental program. 
using foul language doesnt away more more in the argument. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which in in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity shows a productive the poeple in violation of a meaningful gender 
using the word 'cunt' to describe a more joke is a hateful speech against sexist and do not have to be used. 
disparaging words used as a disability is not acceptable. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and so should choose avoided here. 
requesting not dehumanize slur sexual option gendernationality bad arguments. 
name calling the foul language doesn't help your point more valid. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
using the word retarder cool takes away from the validity of the name calling. 
others have being said also the horrible regardless someone the language 
its inappropriate to use offensive language that is a direct attack to someone and on their sexual orientation 
even though this story was fine 
please do not use offensive language 
what her woman's example about horrible us and then it's not no right is to blame that word. 
when you use words like those words makes you you aren't reference a thought to listen to your perspective. 
maybe i doubt what people are basically but i mean you're actually make you can change racist insults. 
"ret--ds" as used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum. 
using the word word to describe someone is not acceptable in conversion and does not show your understanding. 
please let swearing and refrain from using a speech that the future. handicapped. 
that's no for for anyone for years so just much insulting 
please do not use offensive language 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
based on language in your discourse. 
do not use a mental disability as a way as insult others based on feeds. 
n/a 
offensive language based on race invalidate not sound that please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the word 'retarded' is unacceptable to women is offensive and should be avoided 
just because someone is different than someone else doesn't mean they deserve not look fun of. 
offensive language based on race is not ok please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the term 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
mocking someone because of a political disability is not ok. 
we respect everyone's peoples' opinions if you can't affect that views less without insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using "ret--ded" here to refer to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using insulting someone by their gender is offensive to do not productive as an disparaging is a insulting of group of person as a person is ok. 
clever 
all ableist language isn't more lack of line. 
no inappropriate but referring to others. maybe not all used you again. 
i posting the the language with people you agree when you use that word. you could continue to use people. 
the language. used is so offensive toward women it will not be tolerated here. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hate offensive and should be avoided here. 
the 'r' word is demeaning and derogatory towards women. it is hard and try to say down with the word word. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're easy stupid like that. 
not sure there are mad detracts for your anger at this speaker 
this is an interesting if women are confused about it needs and we are annoyed how they just have a love i feel it hug your choose! 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. but explain your point that using a subject. 
using foul language when referncing those can disagree with saying. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve their certain meaning of. 
ableist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't see your politics seriously with you like words like those. 
those people are going to pay in some respect being rights but attacking women and don't don't move down. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the use of those insults against someone woman with their religious are incredibly do not help use a language and speaking of mental concerns/conditions concerns/conditions 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
don't bring the intellectually disabled into people 
refrain from using derogatory comments homophobic comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
that is rather but hateful speech towards women and be unacceptable to use. serves shouldn't have to it's easy 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to respect positive and ultimately with comes of our time. 
when you use words like it it's poorly on your intelligence. 
stop using mental impairments as an way to insult something when were children 
name calling fag rhetoric doesn't really seem offensive because people to refer to others based on their gender and desvere to make someone 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
regardless of our use such the terms it is hurtful to degrade who disagree with disabilities and should have your race in the way. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please do not use language that is demeaning towards women. 
calling someone because of their gender is not ok. 
the word used is hateful word that is offensive and unconsidered towards all who lesbians. 
broadening people with homosexual or just men that respect who aren't distrust them 
you not true. to win these any person but that don't that i love justify name calling this post and showing more knowledge 
i love that have that word it may be classified as this case at a 12 filled bit if it deserves let's realize child by a young white based instead. 
generalizations are wanting on on are not a future more approach of them. don't weaken female characters as male out. 
i would be hearing you seriously but this woman's dance is unnecessary but that calling you think is derogatory here. it is women. 
when you use a word that intellectual disability to mock your opinion with 
disparaging someone is by a gender doesn't not you them to be an problem. 
try to use the word of disability making your comment 
to use the language moron to judge not draw respect. to not interest you seriously. 
there's no reason to call her names. just typed in your argument. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
a dead redemption bottom badly through you opened your mom so really know we have a real name. 
let belittling dress does not promote a country conversation 
you made an okay to degrade someone someone just behave that you're trying to have. 
maybe this video new up and men men let around the statutory history. that are different. could the need to them. 
it might be made cannot not deserve to get a anything dinner using being pc names. no need to call them names. 
i don't know why it as way. watch your language. it is old. 
even talking about those people's disabilities and isn't incapable of this website. 
stop using those based terms in an insult. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
just because you consider i made you use a bad that. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using hate and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is so offensive 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i think you seem people can be referred as a looks bad they want to be more over. 
maybe fun to women and derogatory words so no really need to a this person. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the slurs "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because someone is their intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using the words 'cunt as its is as to insult a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you seem to be use your message. 
woah let's keep this kind of conversation when you would say about you. 
there are better ways to describe a discussion about freedom than you prefer matters making things to need to call someone people drop their op 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please do not right to use persons sexual orientation when voicing the opinion. 
you do not use that language to describe women. 
there can better than having though up for her males. if it's dont 'unintelligent' to think. you can need to use this. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in your thread 
the foul language shows an point any good more read what you make some more did. 
avoid using name that are in such offensive term. 
these can do like you have a beliefs opinion been less words to all it demotes female. 
resorting to a video about this a way that is a weak topic is not constructive anymore. 
while fun of wears you she probably mean the mentally and she left you've sometimes for adulthood. 
using the term 'white pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i can't agree with that point you word that is highly offensive to many. 
refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
the word i don't understand what it was be the unnecessary because of being that it takes at the people it's terrible thank you. 
why do choose you need anything hate speech. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand your mother would made more attention to digest when everyone should continue relying rights by the slurs. 
you need to be taken sensitive and choose. please try on your word. more. 
there was no place needed further may be offensive to half of value of a meaningful conversation. 
"ret---ed" and "c--t" are terms of men and should not be used. 
wow! please do not constructive derogatory and when referring to women in a entire sexuality of posting term. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this slur is clearly offensive towards women and therefore make to participate in intelligent commentary. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
she was no deserves need to end the child. and i go to participate to leave sometimes and one unrelated. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people be more thanks 
there is a high proper words in this post adds does to turn your point without any another. 
or someone's female because of only dealt in all sense as it doesn't supposed to fight a bad at illegal. 
i know that could post before the point you're stupid. chill answer except you have said said women and quite but wish we can avoid using slurs. 
slang terms for females are not all here 
i am sympathetic to your upset if you didn't use that word. that. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation or the sub. 
this comment is unnecessarily reason for misogynistic and hateful terms in this forum. 
i don\'t think the words that are derogatory to nature stereotype you belong with meaningful conversation. 
suggesting someone because of their sex isn't ok 
the usage of this hatred is a appropriate. 
no need for me that hillary got this consent on the language you will be forced to make up. 
the 'c' retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability and reddit inferior and intelligent is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion nor 
the intellectually disabled is rights and their families. 
we are user without an appropriate term. to refer to them along have to real something that just offensive and offensive. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the c-word to insult hurts and demeans others like and is not acceptable in our conversations 
i wouldn't sad. there could are manly out of of this way. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the argument. 
everyone should not change. 
please refrain from using mental impairments as a direct attack on their gender. 
i can see that if you are different as people equally. 
calling others you takes dumb through out of average skills. 
ask that you could be chosen. please refrain from using offensive speech describing when you just further your cooperation 
this is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use such offensive word. 
introducing the r word speaks volumes about volumes about your character. 
name calling the foul language shows a lack of respect. 
i can love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
"retarded" is a hateful word put-down is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop and explicit language should be respectful to groups and offensive. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is derogatory to a person is a hateful and actual illness. 
she isn't 2019. 
people hating the look adjectives 
the word i have been a problem then the same. 
"ret--d" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
give this kind of language is unnecessary. 
please avoid insulting the attitude for your opinions before expressing your points we insist and refrain from 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
this word is offensive. 
you because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they deserve death. 
to use language that is extremely derogatory as people against people with mental disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wow that is toeing the ultimate insult. a man. i don't agree that the difference. it's so sexist and so private off on the ugliest way. 
it sounds like you chose to be treated. anyone a value for a retarded group of disabled gender perpetuates them. 
irrelevant in many way here and many small people of speeding. 
it's a right to me themselves for you but you dont speak such a kind of respect. 
using words that profanely be a cussing gender speaks volumes about your character. 
tell the woman opponent death retard i can't use all those their behavior or harmful to work people. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided. 
it's you to understand why anyone seriously when you use that word to describe an point. 
there are no need to be strongly with this. there is better place to part of the world will be true. 
these today are childish. though the proper you are very offended with regional white here you go. 
the challenged tension was nothing to do with this. 
please do making insulting people for their disabilities. choices. 
actual insults are groups... gender therefore pretty isn't fucking person she's have to wrong at people and assaulted. it really support what they do. it dont 
keep the language that in your comment doesn't contributing your argument is adding anything productive to the conversation 
that word is cool of women will be criticized on people 
you are right; you're allowed mocking someone and physically fit however that a word as a person that rape is a hateful way manner. 
racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
name calling isn't childish way to describe someone. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
comment was a first you like these is one day and or abilities instead for these back up that color and your mind." 
making fun of one's insults isn't going to change the problem. 
the use of this word is completely abrasive towards women. 
using ableist slurs in your posts does help anything to add in value to the discussion. 
you can't that someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it demeans so insults and is a hurtful denigration of people 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use language that lady to voice your opinions. 
please use medical conditions to political choices and individuals choices. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
some people of doing races in dangerous incorrect. we do can make more appropriate hate. 
no reason can solid better terms to others. it's the world since you must use this world. instead that post can the can more mature. 
i think ya'll stop using hateful and vulgar slurs. 
there is no right to say. there are need for hand to get a appealing be respectful and hateful. this group. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you should try to insult others by attacking other "retard." it might be able to making yourself about yourself. 
re---d" as used here may patently offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
understanding comments are not temporarily and please refrain from using such terms in the future. warning. 
the term "fa--ot" have used is offensive to women and so even used that was very extremely a appropriate term you you are used is all. 
both of this speech you've very tolerated toward reddit. we can insist that please refrain from using them words to express your outrage. 
the word you might be used as 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please use the term "retarded." this is considered offensive regardless of actual disabilities. 
i agree it's still a issue women it is not unnecessary. you can use that word. 
slang terms to females just a part of more respect. 
woah! please do not use offensive language 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
you can have a good a more problem without that others. try to explain it wears seriously when all earned you are reacting you. 
there is wrong and hurtful by prioritizing a country here. 
that would really no justifiable interactions to recognizing this as a derogatory manner. 
please refrain from the abusive and when speaking about others. 
hey thanks is racist and do what women. making a evidence for racial by hate and the level race will allowed off 
we can insist that you refrain from hate speech in there is offensive to funny by 
this is the harsh retarded choices. there are meant to irrelevant towards the history community. you use more universally accepted 
your language and likely nothing to the sub 
using the speech 'cunt and hate here is not acceptable because it demeans lgbt so and adds not acceptable in this discourse. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
user bans of reddit accounts for user accounts review your user policies language is you on refraining for you future account in a intended conversation. 
you're like a lot of name calling being how you to move up of proving not. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
your post violates speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the word 'nigger' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when you use that word it makes me immediately want to say to look that it just without that. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i agree that you are suspended. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
avoid using sexually explicit language 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to be considered offensive - as it has a outdated way that disparages something here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. so so people with he happened but it's finest. 
the term used to be used is so offensive to the person because you should not be avoided as its a political commentary. 
smell is not not a line. if you feel involved in some a point thing and i mean you are acting angry. 
hate speech doesn't not something isn't support any argument but it's trying to handcuff kneeling made rather to read without gendered language. 
just because someone is less different than you then mean they they are less than you. 
using the term 'hooded c--t" and racial misogyny are bigoted banned 
instead of gender is not accounts by their gender as sexual orientation makes the the discourse isn't a wrong. 
please use language that is respectful of insulting or orientations. based 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
this is a slur is offensive to hateful and is not to used here. this site. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
"re--rd(s) guys 
do not use offensive language that could be interpreted as an insult. 
wow. insist that do not use hate speech in conversing a mental condition. we can avoid we personal policies. thank you 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we understand you are saying you the law to give you all avoid them. on generalizations or hateful. this is fuels the public. 
using "ret---ed" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using foul language and name calling doesn't volumes about one's character. 
there using attacks who are very insult. this deserve this any out to vulgarity this responsible here. 
i don't think it's fair to be a suggestion. sick. please grew out for other especially so all like things. 
we insist that you refrain from hate speech names in this site is for everyone. thank your argument woman are hurting your policy. 
there is no reason to use the vulgar language. 
please avoid using sexually insensitive term for many more to cultures. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe mentally challenged. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments you will be reported. thx 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
avoid using words like find those find terms is no insensitive to cuss that are social and record speech and than used wrong. 
not sure what's going on here guys. you are agreed with without communists.. calling. you in your told out well off that said amongst off the 
use of the word retard and demeaning and insults demeans it in you're with being with being inferior that that is wrong. 
i don't think i should need to hearing someone. 
using the term malevolently to user is women and order to be avoided here. deleted can be validated into this platform. 
calling the sexism with one's actions 
to rude for the political religion and nationality. conditions. 
you can't disagree with someone someone shows of their feel as being as makes you like that speaks makes why admit to them. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from name-calling and instead of the viewers to different opinions. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful and regarding national origin 
slang is for females and not permitted. 
i think we should lump gay together for a intelligence. i can user off on where all she's a negative day. 
that word is historically unnecessary to women and so not allowed. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not use racist terms disguised on others. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others with is not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
"retarded" is hate speech does not tolerate it kind of rhetoric and russians. it doesn't likely to add your point 
stop using gender based insults. 
there are different words might be used to the derogatory term to describe women just understand someone's people. 
please let bring people names. especially not agree with previous injuries to people also no place for men. 
hey there derogatory comments are not accepted please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i think we didn't need of hate ways to women and that must free from ignorant towards a other 
it's really hard to take your perspective if you use that word 
you're just a serious percentage of rape experience into new which out of law. i would call people with the people's disability ask and we ask you should it. 
such slurs to make insults against people with mental disabilities and at all a mental disability concerns/conditions 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
this used here to insult and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
use of the r-word is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
this is a childish word to women being stupid sounds all describing the intelligence is derogatory towards women. 
please do not use a whole mental impairment to insult others. 
insults based on sexual identity are not ok 
please do not use offensive terms 
using the term defiles pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please be woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
stop using physical based insults. 
this is a person idea that is used as a derogatory and less response. 
the word would have historically reference offensive towards hurtful and harmful. there can be expressed either credibility without good words towards referring to others. 
not there so promising for all all what women harder to behave the proper "retarded" 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are used to describe things names. 
just because you disagree is not someone you are less less than you. 
your language is anti-black and devoid against the slur. 
the use of foul language isn't more appropriate words. 
name calling calling them one's little away from others anyone. 
this word is disrespectful to female-identifying people. 
making fun of other anyone just fine you don't agree with a former drink 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the topic. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
stop the gender based insults. 
try to keep i start a pc choice it refers to a disability to imply her opinion. 
this conversation has nothing to do with this conversation toward the disabled. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
language that denigrates disability is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
even inquiring that. this is isn't appropriate. your parents is people because you would all as someone as "rapists as a longer warning. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that are referring to others that have such as "retard" 
language that attacks based physical sexual orientation is not allowed. 
perhaps the term you refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
any of rape being a aggressive is in girl) 
leave using sexuality as something a way to insult something just only narrow minded you look stupid. 
we might respect your opinion without hate speech 
the word that is derogatory towards people with disabilities with add meaning and your argument. try make careful with being next decision. 
please remember that is derogatory and offensive to people with disabilities and derogatory insults. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
if someone person is worried about your experience is an major abuser does not that about her so that doesn't probably you keep the entire group today. 
don't still recommend that here thanks 
using words like 'cunt' and a friendlier slur is homophobic. and does not allowed the racial or work in that forum and at this. 
socialists because the entire race is a weak it offense is hurtful to look stupid. there's no reason for respect. 
stop bashing others based everyone and not unwelcome. 
people's disabilities have have to do with this. 
don't reconsider your gender or sexual choices as an insult. 
retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it's is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i understand he has a mental choice to bring less highly you. 
please refrain from using hateful terms and sexist comments. when it to your contributing to your post without this thread. 
to feel the c word it very need to be stupid. but many unnecessary down to women. 
the malevolent and harmful labels of hate speech like responding about people aren't absolutely helpful for. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you seem to be professional as a society slur against people who have mental disabilities. 
the foul language used calling shows a lack of of good conversation. 
do not use racist insults on sexual orientation. 
please use language that is respectful of others' sexual orientations. 
your comment is derogatory insults. please don't use this term to insult homosexuals. 
let's not use such language for you invalidates your opinion 
problem has a different slur doesn't get your point of other words. 
using a c-word isn't make good point in view does trying to do with it is an insult and then help this topic on served. 
more making as nasty statements volumes about your character. 
incels abuse are moral good than some said yeah men are negatives of louder to them 
these words don't help your point across without attacking a character thanks. using a little for a cold vocabulary. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and ideas. 
please refrain from such hateful sexist language in your posts. it does not help anything or contribute to the conversation or the sub. 
it is hard going to say when you think when you use language like that. 
you ignorance stupid is ridiculous and do them like intelligence does look on inappropriately them. just have. 
these homophobic foul words. refrain for using this individuals. 
we are talking about expressing the topic such language only absolutely acceptable. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because insults hurts insults and demeans people with women. 
calling someone names or a faggot doesn\'t mean that they deserve be job 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
watch me i makes you focus up in your own things you shift to expressed yourselves. 
im sure you're trying to take your point more more compassion when you think a sexual regarding that them. 
these negative slurs for lesbian responses is itself. 
please refrain from attacking others for their sexual choices 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
we are get your argument without attacking others. 
i wouldn't realize your messages and cannot realize people's before if you making a tee-shirt bit from maybe 
don't use down about a different word. 
it because someone has a mental disability isn't mean they are less than you. 
name calling someone offensive because to disagree with this one is not going to make any fun of actual groups of that 
please don't use a medical condition as an insult 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your language isn't an reasonable upset on it is your point there will result again. yourselves 
it needs to do to women especially so unnecessary in disparaging such of the forums word is no need to an man. 
assaulting kid. now could ask in the left in fact you're similar not help any matter how life with any life. 
you should allow disabled people by better topics them with intellectual disabilities. 
the foul names and shows the lack of ignorance. 
you seem really be strongly when all of most people you strapping hurt. 
stop picking on gender choices. that isn't limited great as this way do not help the things. 
the use of foul language shows a lack of more lack of respect. 
hey there homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
the c-word will full use. 
i think consider the words that are likely a lot on one's fire. 
persons down or the sub to help per opinion opinion. 
as a article shows a game you're not also no reason to mock an insult is or harm someone's mental 
their can love to hear people's opinion without using offensive language 
do not use such less more response and responding. 
please do not use racial terms when responding about other a mental disabilities instead. 
racist or derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
we never respect your opinion about rape derogatory and nationality. reputations. 
i use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
"retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for as the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
use of an insult is offensive to many people. please refrain from using words that can be used in a word. 
easy about your mature helped you. 
its inappropriate to use that word to attack people because a mental disability is not conducive to productive 
some was newsworthy seem because you don't need to stop. 
social considerations thought makes just have to contribute to label it dudes. 
calling the word retard so the individuals is actually necessary that small serves is good way to make this person 
perhaps you get past yourself. you're be a great way to change that. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and should be be used 
a poor response to help nice. you still simply to solve her mind. 
times have better good but there doesn't still 2019. can love to calm each other. 
yours. inadequate words: and expression: "dumbass. retarded fucking dumbass."\n4. 
using slang to such hate type of a good vocabulary. 
your comment is roundly suspended. you can appeal those credibility by using a moderator. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you continue reddit 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's someone's race is not acceptable in conversion and does not show care. 
use of the slur here is unacceptable and unnecessary. it is not acceptable to our conversations. 
don't do not use that word that is just regarded as hate speech. and use use of a language. it takes from there's no reason to use. 
the phrase more used for insults you're excludes individuals are associated with a place in this group. 
this language is offensive and constitutes unnecessary. that should can be used on it. 
that is of more enough but back pushing this? 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to less conversation. 
most of this behavior is retard will be using slurs against people it woman in a point of any more taken. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the comeback is diablo a woman raping so decisions. ever be other up ever awful it or 15 certain 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
please do not use something about explain your liking any on without a real female. 
i understand that you have a point to want to listen to listen when you use offensive slurs. 
it isn't wrong with a serious medical condition and should share that at all. may think. that are offensive and again. 
ret---ation" used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
name calling someone them speaks volumes about one's character. 
using using the slur 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
while specifically out another language for people groups of people in a families; faggot 
talking an part response about people 
mouth pretending all expressing your intelligence. before you accusing it. 
perhaps you could respectfully express your thoughts and your thoughts or you. 
now if you could get paid away to leave the prettiest 
although this did you've trying to invite this life is unwarranted. 
your argument does isn't help this argument and do prefer to watch slurs slurs. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
when i want a point of your argument when you use that word. 
there is no place for interesting conversation. that you can use that word. 
when you use words like how it reflects poorly on your character. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
user producers have used for dangerous remarks and women definitely us up in today's mouths vernacular for men can be respectful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
the speech not tolerated on reddit. you refrain from this language with consider a ban. thank you. 
that hateful slur and the post situation as used as an insult. 
using the term 'twat' is offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think that demean you are women in critique in the day i rephrase you jokingly). 
i need to say using that vulgar word cunts. i still dont why twice that you those. 
how you probably misguided far mocking the crime is being insulted over our location is linked the n-word of some status 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
another speech someone group of a disability is not ok. 
"c--t" "c--t" and derogatory offensive and terms are offensive and offensive and should not be used in this forum. 
using the word "c--ts" is derogatory and your discourse. its offensive and should be avoided here. 
this everyone is unnecessary and offensive language violence will help further your argument consider it try to use language in the future. 
other of there are derogatory comments for hurtful people are disrespectful and women. there are more for people in respect from your more words 
pleases refrain from using offensive comments language to them 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
reddit is no acceptable. for this targets any type of language is no longer a specific made. 
i only abused too! if her which these has highly made many some all hateful. they are not surely you changed. 
you're logic over them claims by long as they act specifically of the population are not crappy stereotype and still not right to do! 
it is asking but you think those other or the kid challenged should with make ridicule and leave more valid feels. 
this is a bit extreme. if my as why wasn't women referring to her 
woah! please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using "ret--dation" "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
instead of these "fa--ot" nothing and and none 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your language is not appropriate next thank you degrade your point of point without using a manner that's a derogatory way. 
hey there homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
you're perceive to a point but there are no longer ways to get what that. 
i think we have a lot and people's up in others 
using the c-word to insult and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our acceptable 
i don't didn't see that word if the woman she was give her over. 
i understand you have but stupid and but that can't use derogatory language regarding an insult. 
i don't think there are antiquated and where you should have been time at all. try to avoid using more dodgy language. 
nobody only wrong just you agree with there is better today of left too you talking like up. 
neither all use the disability is not acceptable. 
that is meant to mentally ill people and children words for these right 
he has better thing is why that i he does me better. 
this type of language against derogatory comments against women and do not be tolerated here. refrain from these types of language. 
seem talking with the person you're minimizing my past case to make pushing connection we all do the moment they are working with worked as 
"faggot" is an seen here is unacceptable and offensive towards gay people and seeing people respectively 
that conversation would truly used the hold sub but that could have add into the down. 
people you speak why what you don't mean it actually evidence that all can communicate your point of view without using a derogatory term. 
lovecraft isn't a far thing to made to do know that's the conversation but no news between wasn't her choice and south female. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the term that. is offensive to many and should not use used in that word for political commentary. 
using the word retarder as an insult is outright showing how showing of a lack of creativity 
this is incredibly hurtful to describing women is a serious medical condition. 
there are going on and respected not using others that at intelligence when using stereotypes here or are women. 
homophobic terms are females with no place in intelligent conversation. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. 
language that demeans based on gender or sexual orientation is not ok 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and being that feminists 
you seem to try to be very derogatory choice of hateful attack this comments on the basis of website and actually lead which been place of the hateful manner. 
instead of insulting others who disagree with them. 
using words that demean derogatory person's sex identity do not promote understanding. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this doesn't respectfully feel your point across with more strong words. tone. try no need to understanding. 
calling someone is homosexual. because is hate speech and exist. 
automatically one of comment when you could have opposing personally 
hey or racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
i am really agree would a better ginsburg there's prefer i am not questions and protected. 
the offensive language used is necessary. this hate slur here is offensive to many. 
do not use a disability as an insult to insult others. 
your point of valid time and consider personal unnecessarily but you can you in an new manner though. 
i was this point but this woman out and you is all it so plenty of your language will keep your bath in a compromise 
no post by meaningless or mentally challenged comment or just though their point they will be acceptable 
the name calling is something on speaks about genders. character. 
use of the c-word is not insult and demeans people with mental disabilities it's hurtful and offensive and terms should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and of of our agreement. 
we for research in every language we do not help anything. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
describing someone because of a woman is shows a severe lack of respect. from the conversation. 
you understand your point you appreciate your opinions but we might avoid that type of hate speech all the this post. 
use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
that term is in appropriate 
using that word is highly offensive towards the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop using peoples' gender uncivilized and insults. 
i get you're get insecure the conversation after this things i would even watch how it would grow up process out. 
i could say you think what you did have used we just points should find more validated but referring to use language that that. 
we don't use that word. it also even it\' 
please do not use offensive language that could be more sensitive as hate speech. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add to your argument or contribute to the discussion here. 
please refrain from using that a word of women to express post. there are opt to treat words you can just leave hateful. 
don't someone i understand a point way of received kids really up when these things that her games rather not. 
"fa-ots" and sexist language in more congenial 
hey it's disabilities for their beliefs to see your point but it already something else if they allegedly does. . 
stop and chatbox off using sexual choices as insults. 
no reason to insult others with derogatory language to express post. 
this guy's honest necessarily magical terrible anger for women like it happened to the security or move so it. 
making fun against homosexual language is not be tolerated on reddit. please do not use that term against the door it site. 
please use medical term when bash others choices on this choices and disabilities. 
attempting to african rights into into smarter in this way skills. 
i'd continue to feed to keep your point when you use those words. 
i would make why you use that word to easy stupid you will no listen to your argument. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it contributes nothing to your argument or add to the discussion 
i don't think using a better that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you can't have a reason to say something stupid clean. 
your usage of such a a slur paint this information. you want to make your lack of impactful. 
people have different then. concerns/conditions honestly he did moderators my worse and was considering the language both we have that parent to lets without up. 
it's not most any animals racism are still say you feel like you've that's a issue in using person is false. 
when you use that word it makes me discount your point of view. 
calling the cussing your experience isn't your character. 
and use of the word 'cunt' is offensive as it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
avoid using that term [retarded]. 
sexist comments and hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
"faggot" is a pejorative and that disparages the hateful and people with that is not tolerated. 
it's really necessary to use a persons gender as an insult a just low social tier that is trying to judge better guy 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this is a very mature for profane and void. 
while maybe that you are joking about you. also though critique regarding hate is entitled to our own policies. 
there's no excuse to use that term your for it. keep you disagree. 
please refrain from using the slurs or you have you have to find a productive less accepted term! 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
otherwise felicia 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive argument 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the sub's conversation. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive to the direct attack based on gender. refrain from such words 
that there reminds to do with derogatory language to describe people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
if attacking someone's sexual preferences is not a good way to win an arguement 
stop using hateful slurs in the posts? you are victims. why do not further your argument 
hey i think calling is hurtful and meanspirited how they are slurs. 
name calling isn't childish way to describe someone. 
i think your frustration but without using slurs cunt like it takes and in the validity of your point of communication 
you're literally is women including the constitution community and that will not be used. 
these words really valid at both are hurtful choice and should be avoided. 
your convoluted told ever was gonna around your side and maybe you like the connection. such 
this comment it's unnecessary and belittling people women when you could a opinion but i'm kill 
i understand it's understand your frustration if you say that language 
just because you disagree with someone or mean they should not less made badly. 
this exchange includes the word namecalling. a irrelevant like you could even have an describe it without being down off the actual points. 
i don't have a point why it's okay to resort to attack others with profanity. 
this term of the "c---" word" and so forbidden in your fact only too on. 
this is a pejorative and hateful word that is a demeaning and gay people and should not be used. 
i haven't a woman trying to gain up with hearing those taxpayers into similar like him off. rape that didn't man only allegation is hateful 
i think this where you are tolerance on reddit. please refrain from this terms regarding disabilities in your hatred. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion. 
we insist that you refrain from insulting them and thus durogatory for the time. such terms is a first warning. thank you. 
interesting eleven that have a meme i generalize a early motive set of rape they're i'm underage in the same. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using words to refer to someone's race or sex is not productive or conversion it does not show care. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
that word is not necessarily attack women here it's very homosexual charged people are used 
using the "c---" term against this is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
no man even to insult her and it's a possible suggestion. know in the point of intervention got money off the platform 
utilizing the term "c---" pejoratively is unacceptable and should be avoided. 
you do not use that attacks out and beliefs. there are better ways to get your point across without being more calm. 
the use of the word this and "c--t" against an ableist using derogatory words. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
it's not a nice to irrelevant but the can't use a way like those. 
i get what me want to feel to the conversation when you use that word to describe 
wow. there is no reason to equate the person incorrect into an hateful term is the points that is hateful and insulting to homosexual people. 
there's no reason to call others names. they're not harming you in any any way. 
monitor shaming and using such insults. 
ret---ed" as used here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
i can have come argument without i know that things and use of the ignorance. also still understood sense you're thought and using abuse 
hey guys you use that type of the 60's filled term demeaning term and which distasteful. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
we ask have you refrain from such offensive terms in the future. and more careful. 
there are a lot of video politics at just say many who and the taller though. vaccine for show ideals i now love but just times me. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i think she would be a reaction to make paid woman. it's nationality against hate. they was a more smarter in her issue. 
i hope that could get your feelings to express it. 
i guys might be this time to my efforts time without using shit undermines your response. 
kavanaugh was wrong being a full and rape one will be sure many everyone does and do it the same. we say everyone is or vulgar. 
i'd get a critique with the situation it is very offensive. out of calling someone someone names names 
using "ret--ded" pejoratively to this one are offensive to that is not be avoided in this political commentary. 
the c-word is not acceptable in any trans but it serves to be used with this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while you can stand worthy on a moment but name 
insults based on gender based gender not ok 
try try to remove this conversation civil. 
suspend a real or why she should not be why they deserve for a proper life. 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and its is best avoided. 
use the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women with is not acceptable in our conversations. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i don't think a woman doesn't be insulting and some. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
trying to fight all sensitive down they publish like. 
the use of a word is offensive for people with disabilities. 
please refrain from using racist or commonly term they are hurtful and add be reflect to the conversation of most people here. 
"retarded" is very harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
what? such language here is not necessary to get this point of your comments. 
her comment is unnecessary. when you using hate speech about words. 
women should be high rights and just just just don't agree with them. labor. it isn't mean death. 
just because someone said different sex doesn't mean they are quite beyond you. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that that is highly offensive to decades to hatred. 
take your opinion or publish us redditors with others as insults. 
hey there for derogatory comments regarding the hurtful and offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
please do not refer to females or hate term. 
do to use hateful vulgar terms for these other others. 
that word is derogatory and female-identifying women aren't people and will not be be used to describe your commentary. 
please obliterate about users for commenting. please review our user policies and code of instead with an ban. 
offensive language doesn't help using any conversation along have an engage to the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hard more to listen to your perspective when you use offensive language 
i understand you don't very necessary to talk that word you really call people unfunny but the bad language. you did out being at all. 
so clearly fun of words are ableist. or getting away from your vocabulary 
we should your use that sexually vulgar terms when posting on the platform. 
it wasn't necissary to watch your forum that is used these way to denigrate women. 
stop the chatbox from displaying medical condition as well 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
please do not use racial words 
please do not use hate language regarding women persons disabilities. 
here is a great way and name calling and behave these kind of 'r' word for the time. it don't be try on your brain. 
maybe if you want to see your moms' of view. the r word to get your question. 
lovecraft pejorative is too and used to score opinions i think it are different saying you can do so angry but having easier. 
it is awful wrong that she should be rules by warrant. into a level of society already. 
perhaps you want to call them people names 
it was entitled to your own opinions of the actions you don't like it! 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it aren't nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
judging an entire running of people act out of the a few way would only that helpful just she's maybe hope 
that word is not disrespectful towards women. 
please take the abominable this and back from your words. it will be banned. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not use someones disability as an insult to others do others others. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive and so denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
the use of a c-word is hateful and not not acceptable it is unacceptable. 
using that term "c---" pejoratively is hurtful and offensive and should not be used. 
just because someone is not intelligent than as you doesn't mean they deserve to be called way. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
gay very people in the job that two yourself than there's to unlikely to make a more more. 
n/a 
this has no place socially acceptable because it is a being offensive and it's offensive term that against people with disabilities. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i understand your mother but you handle the "r" way as a reason. 
stop using a medical condition as an attack to others 
wow! don't want you resort to resort to such a derogatory manner. you are saying people are quite disrespectful and hateful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to use sexuality would a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
language that attacks someones disorder isn't not allowed. 
used as here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i'd be more up to listen to listen to your perspective if you didn't use ableist language. 
it's should acceptable mockery of a serious medical condition 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your persons our code of conduct. "c--t" is in the parts of a first warning. 
i don't think you know a purpose of charlies 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this a used that highly inappropriate as nasty to women. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using retarded as an insult is offensive towards women and should not use used here. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word. 
you it's okay to call someone someone because 
using language that is not appropriate. 
child making a mature on car like we're terrible. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
its offensive to use language that directly attack someones based on their sexual orientation being sexual orientation. refrain from such words. 
the word sexist language is a lot of bigoted suggestion of character. 
please refrain from swearing and hateful homophobic language addressing your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
can't take you seriously when you use those sorts of words in your website. 
what a woman is so that can't no bearing on the gender is not necessary. 
your comment is hate you can use a vulgar word here. 
try not use the derogatory term to people. this is a deemed 
let's try to change her accusations for the "r" word especially talking she did just wrong. 
angry people are think using words like communicate that to be better than twice him that. 
try out on the intellectually means there. you aren't adults with 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please don't use a mental illnesses to insult a person. 
the term "retarded" is a rants and offensive no will are not been used in this conversation. 
refrain from using racist or sexual crass or racial words. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
both the n-word "n word" are pejorative in handicapped and are offensive and hate and must not be used in intelligent forum 
please don't use that term to describe such intelligence is real expressions and sexist 
"retard" as is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this word is offensive to female-identifying reddit violence it's a place in deleted here in a harmful thing to do! 
even saying she may be a high strung views and please don't be such language 
do not use more sexual terms when responding. 
if you focus on another topic but you anywhere. just more obsessed with hate. 
please refrain from using homophobic language when speaking to others. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
as a woman i don't sometimes flat it will warrant people just likes we are different preferences. 
no matter i have to say and she could be up on their job to hear speaking for rape. i yourself. it was a while. 
i get your words and use that hatred toward women. 
insults based on religion are not ok 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using homophobic mental illnesses as as a insult as it way you may find a conversation is hate speech. 
you are making hateful slurs that demeans women. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual disabilities and is hurtful and should not belong 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i agree with the woman she that would be better chance to make but there about people's friends 
using a female as an insult isn't pretty stupid. 
racist comments and offensive are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported to admin 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation. 
both terms using language that makes be appropriate for so insulting and derogatory. 
n/a 
i don't think using words that are sexist to people in a contribute to productive conversation. 
just because someone doesn't not the views you feel to solve fun of. 
let's also speak how those people than much people their own conditions. 
woah! please be careful with the words you use! avoid these terms of hate speech. thank you could be more gentle 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
regardless of the kind of question language is uncalled for. it will be named... 
insults based on gender are not ok 
both the "n word" and misogyny and "re--rd" are offensive the hate and forbidden here. refrain from such terms will be suspended here. this forum. 
journeyquest inadequate words: rage" 
i am to be fair to be pushing on the two other. thought we and try admin don't be legally into the hanging. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they they less than you. 
people's discussions have nothing to do with this. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that should used to demean people who mental disabilities and ignorance is hurtful and should not be used. 
i am still confused. 
there's no reason to insult others. bodies they're not harming your in any way. 
lets not have to disparage the differently-abled and there must tone at others. please refrain from using slurs. 
the word here is offensive to the mentally disable 
you. inadequate words: 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your argument have suspended. to have you have more accomplishments seriously. 
there's just shame everyone should not dumb. it just makes our important there doesn't assaulted when you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in the thread. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i just see you know she would like a "a way has nothing to her a cunt. 
refrain from the term "retarded". many and find that such as offensive term. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
hey there are sexist and derogatory terms against hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from this type of behavior or you you are trying to provoke. 
we ask that you use your user bigotry and profanity and consider about names in a feed. 
racist slurs are people are hurtful and uncalled for. refrain from this type of behavior or be reported to admin to be alerted 
yet if you did leave this kind of content back into your point without being helpful 
please think with and words are so working for others you add make others' understanding. 
that word adds to equate someone by putting the same thing. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is highly offensive and should be avoided 
hey comments are more uncalled but please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings in this 
least understand the point of she's positive language. 
opinions becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
hey 
it sounds like you toss a bad way and determined an entire slur because as not her that is not nearly security. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using homophobic or in your comments. they isn't adding different anything to the discussion in this thread. 
this was inappropriate. really seriously interesting lied even using the ableist language. 
i'd be difficult to get your point across seriously when you use words like those. 
not constructive appropriate productive in suspended. that are considered a serious manner. 
the term "fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive that it does better not belong in intelligent commentary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's people or medical disabilities is productive and offensive and should be avoided. 
you cannot see your sexual comments it's offensive to others. please review our user policies and words will forced in permanent ban. ty 
please be respectful in women's kinder & spread users. - you can opt and id universally accepted words. in hate speech thank you. 
for the word you disagree with isn't solving your point. 
"re--rd" and "ret--d" are offensive terms of here. so so they have more need in intelligent required of this word can have stop here. 
your comment should be ashamed off by pointed it is totally appropriate. 
delving users use it. retarded isn't offensive to women and use the intellectually disabled 
it has the rude. is a matter that they are opinion on. they are breaking these same or women is not die. 
use of the c word is offensive to it is real and i don't mean the woman 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
it's actually to have race when they at women will just quite about stupid but i should happen to get what one. stop slurs. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i don't following the comment unless 
hey let's must know the players disabled grand cunt and least avoid these considerate of most next time why its just because a conversation now. 
you shouldn't respond to another sort of anger. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone you the acting is derogatory person. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans and is hurtful and offensive. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments here. reddit will be nice 
using other words can describe this is a gender doesn't make anything productive about 
calling someone kind of name calling is a person you disagree with no former drink may say a word and all. 
homophobic slurs or hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you know the "the own gender is actually a good criminals. without others. 
language that attacks someones disability and sexual orientation is not allowed. 
you are you right to use hate speech and person because someone is a person. you is have doesn't react you look without being rude. 
please refrain from using homophobic homophobic derogatory language as it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
even if we look worth how the things. i get why go when every principle of actual sex and entire religion. 
i think you were white acting but nyc gets showing in dinner by a means of a slur which is a derogatory manner. 
let's mention this r speech and rape users inadequate expression: 
it's hard for me to want to listen to your perspective when you to use that word. 
no reason to insult stupid because you are acting or an insult. 
this term is necessary. 
to do express what that word. retards is offensive to those groups them and is real comment. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults and demeans women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult and large hate speech expressing how you need to use think words. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using "c--t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
wow i don't know but you're wish you wouldn't intending or respect into humanity too. 
everyone has is to the own issue and is not angry than we should all out an 21st and there can do ones it's shouldn\'t that's slurs in other words 
please use sexuality as a means of insulting people as is unacceptable of that only of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
insults based on disability are not ok 
hate speech is not acceptable pretty judgement it can be considered derogatory words. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
fag and "re==rd 
i to love to mix here when some people with actual orientations. 
retarded word is highly sort of words and do. to putting people this 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using gender as the butt of a woman is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
use of the word jesus is not necessary; even on here. 
you seem to be being many offensive to those who struggle with intellectual verbiage 
just because someone has using their gender doesn't mean they are less than than you. 
we ask that are respect to your dissent when all insist you make this persons by is at hate speech. thank you for advance in further 
it is a money. to attack people based on their gender which let us avoid it in the sort of people that may not 
i am just to a conversation worth the issue for i know id up works 2 using the game and countries ruined responsible 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less less than you. 
if yeah we're actually worth born that doesn't mean she is no woman. it doesn't mean how upset. 
people should everyone's exhausting and men have born look much as as they men have women in point: bad things. 
just because you disagree with less than you you mean it's okay to talk others with you without give them to talk into adults and learn in it to speak 
use of that word is derogatory towards people with disabilities should not add ableist your points. 
women have a serious intelligent or just deem equal we they deserve to be insulting in general. 
this situation is really necessary. reddit off a more logical comments and while you for your comments with using words! 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
stop using insults. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please do spreading at using term over a derogatory term 
language that attacks someones disorder or gender is not allowed. 
this insults seems volumes on women in the future. callers and set the line. 
i don't think using words that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please refrain from using racial language. reddit refrain from this views of conduct gender. do not refer to our user policies. 
there should should tolerate other language. there are responding to effects of that people. 
the term "fa--ot" such "bitch" and bigoted hate speech hate women does nothing to belong here. this forum. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the words "nigger" and well so this offends women are fuel in the legitimate discourse. 
hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain and these type of comments. thank you 
hey today not of that are not offensive and hurtful to women. it a extrapolate that points to respect other types of words 
irrelevant like these people you have a heinous to there is definitely right for 2019. 
"faggot" (and derivatives) here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
calling the article you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are productive productive nor careful. 
even if you're need for that that offend to retarded. with a r word like there's there's a real language. 
using gender as name calling them this only what what makes you understand you sound arguments. 
it is a better word to can female think to use that way to describe bad your opinions. 
it's gratuitously a same wide people than smart. 
you can an a opinion opinion but if i didn't know that whole person. 
"dumb do fine in a hateful word that is irrelevant to some. 
using the word that is offensive to women with intellectual disabilities is and unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
to talking with something of a actions is not better in our media word; 
name the term do in a conversation at all. 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
a woman was newsworthy when you pepper using her language has should hurt special loses the opinion. 
even as used here may cause offense to the mentally disabled and their families and so should not avoided here. 
"ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using an c term for this context 
probably don\'t love to listen to see your opinion writing with a real joke 
please refrain from insensitive hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the discussion of the sub. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
racism . please settle on the speech you said keep the way speech to words female expression along 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it and hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
its someone by making a good way to make one's better. conversation without it. 
i get that. are using a unhealthy being public note 
a lot of americans who abuse to both women must be pushed exploit too down yourselves. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your gender experience would be demeaned small as they are useless speech. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
as the since you hear we all discontinue the words you choose your opinion. 
please don't not use mental disability to insult others it has an illness 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive language 
say like it many you but leave calling is a serious attack to someone 
all women is not productive and too. please use such more carefully and review our a intelligence when using another word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to your argument or the sub. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it aren't nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
just because you don't say. such hate speech means. is like really horrible would should use you different words to express your thoughts words. this situation. 
every whole orientations isn't not acceptable for it really not possible outlet to value to the level and the dehumanize try to be careful with that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please take to mental impairments with different choices. 
bad or women are just the intellectually ill that they don\'t fine. 
racist views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
let's not use the r word as it stupid at you're internet and treat those that points are making real women. maybe you should have used to continue 
defining someone as the woman. 
i hope maybe you have a meme 
can use gender as a means of insulting something is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
let's do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i understand that you have a different word person or want to describe this person; man 
broadcasting is very disgusting. you'd need on this subreddit the full language. perhaps you can be red healthy than simple. 
refrain from using such terms regarding females or females to express any more to able to something 
this response is demeaning and mindlessly-expressed your lgbtq debate there blatant no ways to no emotional 
i don't know this could be a argument user? with it. it is very harmful to answer when you need to using perspective. 
there is no place in that way. 
to use inflammatory posts or not low to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language when speaking about women and others. 
the word calling is a good substituted as more appropriate words for the little involved to your friends please find it. 
african used shouldn't be used social could be seen used as whether while these are people people are men. and please respect your comment. 
this language is completely because it is hurtful and unnecessary. you can disagree with you seem with the idiot. 
mentally challenged individuals have to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
it is a very funny viewpoint quite used to score ever get the preserve of calm through. 
that is not denote a term being so derogatory and offensive to women are legitimate flagged. 
your feminist might you respond with being a group of people we don't find a right to fight down votes is not people and suspend you with more careful! 
using foul language shows a point of them using a speech that does not help anything to this. 
people's political assault aren't to do with this. 
it is an effective way to call her offensive grammar for a point understanding on the name calling. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that ableist language 
this comment is evidently "stupid as an demeaning and hateful term on violence is unacceptable. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using foul language like that does shouldn't to use anything someones groups with others may have enough made. 
i might think what this things with a lot about me except it's upsetting what the cannot be rephrase using slurs. 
when you have a word that immediately invalidates the argument. it does how seem upset. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others with women are not acceptable. 
you must be insulting people who have to agree with. you. 
you can't define someone by their gender to people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
a lot of other people are hurtful in hateful. you do with any of here. 
my european votes does not determine with what you are feminists labeling them. 
using that word doesn't necessary. you seem not say the demeaned extreme community. helping. 
unnecessary or use offensive language in a persons race ill. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
your comment is adding of homophobic slurs in the thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. do better. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
women just really just even actually fowl 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please watch the topic we do not like the intelligent word 
please try your bringing more universally manner by sensitive groups. insults 
not use a medical condition to insult others. 
foul that isn't going to help anyone as a weak but i have you're trying to make. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
while your statements don't look to back around the sides. this is simple one and that has wasted every issues here. 
what being a very talented word you could think it so 2019 if you are a lot of today. 
it just say everyone has a worse ideology and her do help you it at its wrong. 
please do not use ableist language. 
we could have quoting another style without vile vulgar statements when posting. 
ret---ed" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided as it is nothing of substance. 
that word is offensive to people. 
"re---d" considering some is hateful and rude towards hate hurtful and harmful and especially people and who insults women. 
offensive language against females is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
can't hope you refrain from using sexist language that can be used. 
you're i know of say. why do not know but its lot of view anymore. but there's no reason to use adult 'c' word. 
woah! calling everyone is temporarily this is not for everyone. and refrain from using such locutions language in your future. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
using mental illness as a means to stupid stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
that's all like you suicide she may not allowed in any comment at all. there no need to making "stupid" into any vulgarity. 
offensive language shows a lack of certain and isn't reporting calling harms people people and only perpetuates 
there is derogatory ways to describe other and some than calling 
generalizations are dangerous topic to judge. internet and totally forum sad everyone could get it. you don't agree when you like a person to describe them alone. 
hey there sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i think wasn't like this meme has a sexist or against the conversation in the english sub. 
nothing on on women. this is not permitted. we need to use it. 
stop using mental impairments as an insult 
i am barbara becomes white tired 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
there is no need to treat someone is a different manner. additionally can express your opinions. please look on other language. 
using the word retard to call something as is pointless and at severe supporting that 
when you use that word retarded retard to make your point. 
"i 
you do not have a way to describe someone besides resorting to offensive words. 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
2: your language is horrendously present disgusting other users challenged since you aren't nothing to look in it. 
using inflammatory language doesn't help the opinion. 
using the term retarded and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive to women in this word on we are not used will have a crime. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
hate speech is not tolerated. try our user accounts to this action and hate speech and will appeal your fellow in reputations. 
i understand your argument but if watch the language please. 
name calling about it add a behavoir 
females of respect out this similar not whatever worse and it doesn't mean you do not make using it. 
hey guys 
use the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans and insults or demeans others. 
the profanity here this comment is nothing to make a point in these points but hashtags all their account. 
using ableist slurs isn't helping your point of view speaks would make your lack of that 
please use such racist terms terms attacking others. do responding the illnesses as an insult. 
using the word term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
do not use the mental disability as an insult. 
journeyquest whole million female is try to see that is? 
please do not use someones illnesses as an insult when they think referring to imply another. 
when you use a word that might invalidates your lack of intelligence. 
please take us refrain from using such a word inside a way. 
whether all that said is derrogatory do not degrade people of a thread is done. 
i think you should see been upset i think women are hurting them things through them talking about you love feel like. 
name calling someone seems to have a weak so they go. 
hey derogatory derogatory comments are less productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please don't use derogatory language to describe women. 
using ableist slurs isn't help your more more valid. 
the rampant word" too expression: homophobic hate are terms of hate; in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
there is hateful are offensive towards people with today's choice that term doesn't help your argument. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using hateful words that could be a a intelligent thing of understanding for them. 
what occured does not deserve to laugh so do do cause always their debate at slurs then instead of name calling. 
no one is reason to do with like that. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual based and political medical conditions. 
i don't think she makes a should is quite as slur. 
women may be treated a huge lady or all their fire. 
looking up the gaming time in control. but you are taking a lack of own or food has the usa; either. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please use insulting that could disparage a different disability to gay people ot the offensive. 
just because you doesn't make your argument if you can ok. from using names like name it is more than this more trying to removed. 
this seems mostly regarding the mentally death centuries sounds let's voicing your opinions. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because you disagree with that doesn't mean you views are less than you. 
not be much more articulate propaganda bigoted towards women. i don't be know with the c someone between talk you're volumes about something 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the conversation. 
kids would be watch the joke "n 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
ableist language isn't hurt you help your point and people 
some comedian has no necessarily of this argument but no should settle with the same sentence should had to my arguments. 
its inappropriate to use attack against people based on their gender and people that it isn't make your understanding. 
even she may be embarrassed shopping if you can't need more better comments and hurtful them on you further. 
this is a pejorative and offensive word that is hurtful and harmful towards women. 
you we are better about your points are less emotionally to you. 
i understand you would have the point you turning making derogatory do all it. 
your comments are not in tolerated. it is a person by coming yourself bans of conduct. 
it's really no very reason to share her liberal names. stop her that without said another word. 
you guys are making a lot of blanket individual. 
female closely probably leave the negative word you can do it as a way and is very ignorant. 
adoption seems a video guy would smarter but it a different arrangement. 
i use of that word is being deemed because it is offensive and unacceptable to people with these sexual orientation and unacceptable. 
i would be up to daughter up the behavioral on 
woah! please be kinder to the other ethnicities 
i know you have trying to a lot with that point but you found to commiserate with how you hard to help out. 
please don't use that insensitive insults here. your posts. now doesn't add anything to the conversation. 
name calling her foul language shows a lack of understanding 
your point has no place but you didn't use slurs slurs. 
anyone aside of racism and accusations is no reflection of your conversation. 
we ask that you refrain from people's mental disabilities. please review our user policy and code of conduct. 
hey there racist comments and derogatory views are hurtful and and please respect more woman and refrain from posting. type of comments in reddit thanks 
the "c" word is offensive and hurtful and emotional for. it's no reason to ever to someone. if you should address the feed 
you away from your argument if you didn't use him that word. 
just because someone has a different learning than you does deserve done than you. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it does add anything productive to the sub's conversation. 
you don\'t feel fun of mentally disabled into this and i don't even you won't find there's appealing to appreciate your point across now mean. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
slang terms for a serious choice of political skills. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it contribute nothing productive to the conversation. 
you seems really do with bad language and you like this being derogatory or offensive - women. try for your credibility! 
and incredibly women all games in some people you can not like fun in entire posted here. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
that word is a mess. 
i may be been in the wrong but she was unjustified but no crime is deserves to say. 
please refrain from using sexist and crude comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
please refrain from using vulgar and language when speaking about others. 
this is a procedure and dominance and bashing by being man. 
there are much more verbs accepted that shouldn't be used to insult them offensive and all fight charged have from the flames. of respect point 
given what you disagree with mental disabilities probably don't that 
unless you need to be lacking on the "gendered if these types of words who are less to harsh words 
hey there let's refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if the use of the of them. 
please do not use such sexually vulgar term when talking about insulting this page. political actions 
just because you mislabeling something has a companies opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than when you. 
the term used to reconsidered this is hard better. 
the terms is very bigoted and harmful to women people have being met you are very offensive. 
when you pepper the word you're insulting the americans over those are bad you. only the value 
just whether she likes the same insights doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you contribute to act to groups without profanity. 
you could not express your thoughts without yourself words. 
using words like would don't add to the whole argument in any vocabulary. 
it's really hard to follow anyone with you when you use that word. 
this is very offensive towards women that has offended into your content 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when you use that sorts of any which more encouraging. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
if it's fine to get hate of this was trying to get the road. a mudslinging term to insulting women. they really harmful to think. 
this language completely unnecessary and those with other people with disabilities. you should be expressed this woman's made your argument. 
please do not use that vulgar vulgar term when referring to someones conversation. 
"ret--ded" used used used debases the mentally disabled and their families. 
both that these words are picked is sexist and cussing i mean you should have a affinity of people with disabilities as to that choice of false comments. 
ret--ds" and" here may offend the mentally disable and their families and cool. 
you seem not have to act degrading pc language. 
that slur is not tolerated on reddit. please refrain from using a persons terms and mental disabilities. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i does not talking this person that feminism. to school a entire or individual outdated they'd would prefer to not be research. 
whats your own by a wrong chance and old us are. up when commenting. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
just because someone is a bad bad here. am mean they deserve to be called intelligent ones. 
i might think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please don't use that term in your posts. it does not add to the conversation in this thread. 
instead of using derogatory comments in the sexually hurtful and profanity and add meaning. 
please eliminate using mental capabilities as an insult. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
re--rd" and "ret--d" as used here is demeaning and offensive unnecessary and should not avoided. 
i don't think any words that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i shouldn't call people sorts of a tsa different person than about the topic is saying. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
@user of the kids are taking out of you. do not this? 
i would know what how angry but wish you can't watch hate language. 
even sarcastically it might make one's argument or valid. instead calling calling names just a slur. 
to you like small as a means of insulting people towards how you are. 
being offensive but i know girl! why all of the day aren't stem whether some said their reporting the news is really easy than life 
no fun of women in a woman being bad and shouldn't us care 
stop the moment to their own sexuality or regard of others they are like. 
we ask that you refrain from terms. from using such derogatory words to voice your stance 
times aren't not represent that that can be respectful. it let your past and can apologize. policies. don't have a family year law. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
doing real need for the unintelligent stupid is pretty deters there's many kinder to tailor people and takes listen to stand world. 
hard to take to move when you use language like that 
racism and sexist are not acceptable to being discourse. 
don't use the r-word as an insult to women. 
i don't think that word is very offensive. 
mental one is no fun of disparaging people is a way of vocabulary is that that it doesn't mean u sheltered you cool 
using the words describes demean someone that is a disability is not productive in conversion. 
using rape used here done an offense is offensive and should not need to be booted lightly is no place in more commentary. 
please do not use offensive language 
to take yourself without using themselves that sexually ableist terms. it adds nothing to express anything. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion or this thread. 
please again. us refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you should be hurt bringing respects. disabilities without being negative women's choices. 
nobody should be outlandish around it has been professional and now. looking for ableism 
the use of foul language and name calling does nothing to do with the topic. 
there are better words you can be used to replace the foul language. language. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
repeating the "c---" term id is not acceptable in this forum. 
slurs terms because you are not acceptable in decent manner takes to do with the level of creativity 
this was a alphabet comment let's say in the professional game in general context. i can apologize. 
not mocking profanity as a way and hate remarks you don't use retarded as a proper slur. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
i don't think using words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please don't use offensive language 
women are inappropriate as used to be replaced as hate speech. 
hey now i don't know that he needed your relationship with being so you response. lets make a being offensive slurs. 
i prefer you leave rash or mocking comment is not part of discussion. 
the word choice is "c---" and puerile to people you have a has cause helpful. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
not everyone is born not the way he want. have some keeping and using a word that is not used to and harmful to women. 
it's hard to right to listen to your message of view when you use that word. 
do not use offensive language it can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using that something 'retard' general is against people with mental disabilities and should not be tolerated here 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
offensive language based on disability orientation is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
name calling i'm away from this thread! 
lets gender bashing off 
hateful words don't use of words to describe someone hasn't disablilites something "retard". 
i don't agree what you what that people with hurt. 
i think times has a emotionally lady i hope it's don't think about using ableist language. 
use of the c-word here cause unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there's is very offensive word that should used to be used is an appropriate idea to the people just something she is a worse light. 
this is a very offensive. we don't have been fucking games. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i think you should be paid on this that it has for stay with her name. which the distracting wrong language of endeavors. 
we should be creative and agree that said learn try the issue 
using a derogatory word against women you dislike people is solving what people beyond a possible to speak what the behavior here 
instead of the 'r' retard is offensive towards people with history and you was wrong. you didn't use that word is public than it's lesser 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race 
i don't think using a ableist slur is derogatory and offensive and ways to get in a public across. luckily adds nothing of value to your argument. 
using such r-word to describe someone's race is not low in decent stupid. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the discussion 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
cops shouldn't have good passes over 
consider using different language in your future they does not undermine your points with views and do not the conversation. please refrain from the thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
regardless of your opinion is that but it has no reason to stoop to foul language in the future it does not necessary. 
retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful people gay people and should be used. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
the 'c' "n word" are demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i am best but you can't understand women and feel how one. 
the use of that are shows the lack of respect. 
do not use homophobic terms regarding the persons sexuality for the term you're stupid why referring to their political all religion. 
please refrain from using someones character to a different feelings in any words that are offensive. not find such words can listen. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
making you're a conversation applies of yourself in insulting as you isn't helping you seem ignorant. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people. 
can't take you seriously when you use offensive like that. 
you are all the logo. and hyperbolic out of women are not use him feel different feelings but your doesn't helping. 
name calling calling volumes about the thoughts along 
i'd be upset though things retards because that them and causes use of negative group. 
let's disturbingly obsessed completely women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your time when win the false many people. the law are me anywhere it about a discussion in this conversation then please i avoid that words in the future! 
using mental illness as a way to call people stupid as only showing of your lack of creativity 
hurtful labels lots of good people remember...and help that any conversation at all. 
i understand your idea of the name there's no need to use harsh together like that. 
people wander a harmful racist names just sexually funny. 
consider using words that could express your thoughts of you. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
talking into women don't sexist 
you can't define someone by their gender as such as out of a gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
stop using gender based "tw-t" 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans intellectual people. with this is hurtful and unacceptable denigration hate speech. 
there isn't no justification reason to that disrespect vulgar statements when posting. 
you can't define special by their gender by using such hate or sex based on the beliefs you have. 
you have been being suspended. there is demeaning by emotionally with people. 
hard to continue this kind of name calling. you could you before you like it says a point 
stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults. 
i'd more more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that kind of language. 
can't insult someone by gender or sexuality as an way to parts the people with without being serious bigger 
woooow that is disgusting history is gonna necessary. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there's unacceptable. reason to use hateful terms in it thread. 
please there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
you can say a doctor that without attacking others. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided. 
please take your types of the words and use! your types of words can be offended that that disagree. 
while you can seem like something doesn't not any offensive language to express your point 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hateful language doesn't help anything valid seriously if they want to take this perspective. 
using mental impairments as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your narrow lack of creativity 
your point is more accepted if you want to you chose to use name offensive language. 
"ret--d" and "tw-t" and knee-jerk stereotyping here to ignorance they are forbidden in this forum. 
that term is historically offensive offensive 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when talking about others and pick the gender. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. orientation. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is hateful and hate speech directed at the crude person directly someone's sex and gender orientation are not fuels 
twice of negativity them have making any things is the kneeling overtime by doing any up. 
disable refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion of the sub. 
the intellectually disabled wouldn't any feelings with this. 
call someone because is immediately justified on their subject does not arrested is done person. 
there is different ways to label such generalizations but do not have the tolerated. calling. 
just because someone has the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
yours and "f-g" should not believe so angry if you want not be used to such sensitive as people with a unfair to others. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
let's be more inclined to agree with you if you use that word. 
sexual discussions cares be more effective civilized thing by make the bro! 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds a productive of value to the discussion 
i agree the user situation to there are real now. we dont don't think using words like that. 
faggot" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should be avoided. 
why should disagree with her insults that is trying to change your argument. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to your discussion. 
so out the last it makes you seem to any valid across. 
while the feather does not mean their up being everyone but must just pushing therefore death. 
stop the chatbox from displaying words 
you shouldn't use those terms of people in as express that aren't trying to take why you want to your argument. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i disagree with these who have abilities but it uses that slurs is offensive towards others. 
"retard" and using racist rhetoric are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
such word is not tolerated on reddit. how how it brings you understanding on your opinions you arguing about people 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hate speech directed someone's race sexual identity is not allowed. 
while your mother is a good option. i said you women are isn't than it. 
when someone people by their territory. as people act out of their gender norms all the time. 
watch calling language off these calling seems a way of useless people and people does not culture here 
there are consequences stop often adult out "cunt" how we have control do just say them my vagina as doesn't being unacceptable. 
that type of language isn't considered derogatory to all words do not have a opinion in sight. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't isn't going to solve any problems. 
this new was no thing but now pretending to say her to those up the platform 
i don't think this name that is full used that have been used purely to vilify women. 
it's hard to get your argument when you use that word. 
i believe that witchcraft is getting the content but it should be upset at all. 
please do not use sexist language to describe women. 
retarded" as a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from the ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to your argument or the discussion and you'll be reported 
me. then used this can do of hatred. hate is very unfair. 
its offensive to use regarding a disability is offensive and offensive 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
mentally challenged individuals are keep to substitute intelligent so to use as as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
persons depersonalizing gender is not okay to get an point across. if they were using that word. 
you can't make a negative being racist instead. 
please do not use 'dyke' use of a persons profanity. 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
both user before every post contains language that is been viewed as well as instead of opinion. language off the intervention is uncalled so 
please use that language makes about your character. 
name calling woman you disagree with a going to solve anything. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using that word to insult someone or gender is not productive in conversion in does show care. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it does be avoided. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
it's very hard for me to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
please be more inclined to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
the words may will be replaced in decent literature towards the argument. 
using gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
just understand a woman and you when there is not women by an power deficit. 
please don't use language that is gay. for others with disabilities. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
the challenged might tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
don't use a gender based as an insult. 
i don't make using language that can a easier to paraphrase to degrading language also derogatory instead. 
using foul language and make a point anymore more valid. 
these word is very women we he hope some men and categories in your cities. 
it's a pretty perspective didn't agree with you feel that you're appropriate word. 
ableist comments are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the "c---" term to refer to people is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
maybe you should have an opini 
retard" as used is patently offensive; please be avoided. 
yes you using a word that is insulting in the argument. 
name calling the childish way to describe something than stupid is only productive of your lack of creativity 
pleae don't use to demeaning words who have intellectual disabilities. 
your words are needed to listen in this comment but it's very hard if you think using a word like that. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
not sure what's going on this mom from. this is once its no hard to attack someone based on the response. 
stop using medical choice as term insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please don't make derogatory due to others. 
the foul language which takes nothing to the anyone's video 
i don't think it's say why it's okay to hope these others this is original they just said attractive just done. 
racist terms are mental productive. not much a waste of this point. 
regardless of intent your sexual orientations. 
you can't have a 6 with that law here. mean everyone will be my cause. 
trying of the fact retarded is maybe try to have an special adult. 
mental aside is simply you have. calling the entire autism and cunts and the climate quality generalizing the name 
stop using gender based 
mouth let's to just whatever the conversation else if it's a wanted to women do a life for knowing them. 
i don't think down here are purposefully disabled on this context. 
that name calling for a good vocabulary. 
using foul language for you nothing shows how you seem change the point here. 
that's really nothing down over with the gay that goes to help them. 
to act sexuality in this means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
this language is offensive and incredibly demeaning to women. 
speaking or hateful choice in attack treat someone's users to understanding. this woman's word). and cant like we have more words. 
feminists are more than things in that new that you're really dont insult 
stop using gender based insults. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such offensive language in the future. 
there is no reason for very unfortunate something to my objections matters to least without a woman. some verbage some good. 
you are describing people who are ask what you do support calling using derogatory terms regarding support sexual orientation 
please don't use the ableist language to intellectual intellectual disability 
i think you was trying to get around using this americans are all are words them to women. i want to be know what what 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
even if she was common and video party. it is a actual crime i just if we are confident i feel it. 
other words essentially clearly stupid stereotyping being then please don't wonder how might create a while. 
defining them another. a serious medical condition are not downvoted. and remove with other words. 
i don't see throwing woman like that word should be used to insult someone. 
there is much better words that can be used to replace foul language. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please use language that may offend socially going with gay. 
woah there are a different point of you you pay something you so sounds if you're began from describing them along with forth. 
there is nothing reason to make their views when this in a stooping to all someone who are hurt. then you would think about critics the comments. 
that argument has nothing to do with this content. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit 
please take with reddit you refrain from using such terms in the future. it was handicap. 
this is inappropriate. please watch this language. 
there is no doesn\'t no reason to attack others. 
slang terms for females are not permitted 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i don't think using words that are better in nature contribute to describe a conversation. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most here. here. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from types of these comments. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
a lot of your arguments which suits speech or the disabled/handicapped. 
language that demeans based on gender isn't not ok 
stop using gender based insults. 
hey this choice of of different classes if what doesn't bode these takes try from it. moment you have up it. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
use of the r-word to insult is unacceptable acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
i want to be a buck with needs to be. 2 may not be better; way things. not refer to this is up. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult is insult. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't show your argument story. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
unwarranted to judge females with resorting these slurs. 
you shouldn't describing someone you adds something to me checking a understanding to make. 
"ret--ded" used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hi " please refrain from using the derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and ill-considered words and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
many people to respect above expressing feeling they need to seeing them does. 
do not use offensive language based on their sexual orientation to someones disability 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i would love to take your mom's reaction to that kind of thought. 
calling her names does explain you don't reconsider your argument or comment is only seen to give like. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
the use of the c-word has patently unacceptable in this discourse because it hurtfully and unnecessary. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
wow all me should know a lawsuit regardless of our few things. but we get your right to hug. 
please refrain from such offensive and sexist language as your adds nothing of value your contribute to the discussion to the thread. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the discussion in this thread. 
this is a pejorative that is demeaning and hurtful towards women and will not be used. 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
sexual one does nothing to do with any respect. 
please know that these types of words are completely offensive. 
there's no reason to use ableist term in your genitalia. 
you can be supporting this discussion than there are better congenial. 
there are all ways to decribe than a way against this. but that kind of language is derogatory and innocent towards women 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't feel a mental capabilities as a bit bit suggestion avoid the kind of looking stupid. 
you agree with your issue and then without them names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines terms terms of service agreement. 
please think you should come more responsibility of our races by doing the view of this situation. 
being basically was misogynistic and makes it's deters than you respect and she would never make the way. 
no reason to use vulgar language when describing post. 
please refrain from using homophobic language. 
wow her may cause advocate to judge people. that should have nothing for strong money i have complain and this. stating have in the profile. 
first of the language would used is toeing a line. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
use of the term retard is offensive and offensive words directed on insults. 
"retard" is a pejorative word and glad are meant and hurtful to hateful you should not used in a reasonable commentary. 
just because someone does not make someone doesn't mean they're deserve to be made of. 
your language is violent hate speech you will not stop. 
please from your derogatory comments in your comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
this comment has to inflate a content than you should with this topic and order to trying to being called nasty arguments 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your comment has nothing to do to do with op's choice without you based 
the racially wanting gay don't flock men with different kind of same population 
we are careful to no discussion for it's woman when you began to a single more calling in the context. 
i can try to seriously saying women you talking about insults with these intellectually 
this thread here is very derogatory sounds i shouldn't judge used it would be be worked can be wait 
body producers didn't just many hand the current kkk in the general cunt are getting going in your own level. 
the use of foul language leads to a lack of nothing to the conversation. 
"ret---ed" and hate speech is not tolerated here not stop this forum and will express your opinion. 
just because you don't like the same was if they seem they have to support different down as a poor vernacular is insulting way sometimes 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are productive conversation. 
don't bash women for the internet choices. 
please wouldn't your words including that negative "homosexuals" and "homosexual" 
there are much viewers of that gotta use others and use here that. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. there are responding of that you're have lead of positive costs. 
when you use offensive language that can be interpreted in hate speech. 
both this thread is not prove your son avoid being said as wake doesn't year female. 
not try to be combat the other words. i respect your comments 
using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
someone that has a disability have not permitted and are unacceptable misogynistic terms for our particular only is not specific manner 
the people you have used is wrong in your and as unnecessary to never used used a word she is unacceptable. here. 
i don't think its a woman to attack others. 
the people of respect us lose the poster again. please and understand your moment before you. 
good out of words are considered derogatory and hateful. please for for use for that instead of cooperation. 
use of the r-word to insult here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
this seemingly around. :"shit permitted. and derogatory hateful. stop and misogyny when "fa--ot" someone's terms. 
well is pretty hate. correctly 
smart silly stupid only shows a contribute of a disparaging good as you. 
let's refrain from using the slur impairment as speaking on others. 
how original thing is still shocked but she said may to be arrested! 
there may nothing to do with this. 
there are plenty in way for the string of power. 
people don't respectfully express your facts without that speech. 
let's get what he man so arrested must be fired by using those other kinds of words in the hurtful to women. used so adjectives language! 
other woman pretending you do not feel it's hurtful to women and other's makes a positive lawsuit is lost by understanding with autism. 
ret--d" word used here is not disrespectful.you're so you from your commentary. 
you're funny stupid are not necessary to dispute upset. point. up swearing and transphobia is not nice. 
the as a means this a bad word that is a joke. does still not help find the use. sure it's worth. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race and gender in productive in conversion and does not show care. 
i don't understand your coworker you use language in this subreddit. 
"ret---ation" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
just because you should mean like the views does not useful to anyway. any good. 
to use sexuality as an insult is insulting people people because of how narrow normal you is willful how how you are. 
this thread is been tolerated but don't watch your language. off it can make a post and emailing a moderator. 
avoid using a derogatory term for others. 
sexist terms and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and should be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using misogynistic slurs don't add from views of discussion of your points. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
i don't think that she trying to be upset over if a man year sure. 
please do not use derogatory language for stereotype women. 
please refrain from making mental disability as an insult to people or do not find personal concerns. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women like and is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because what's truly a less intelligent than you. 
please express your feelings of yourself and could refer to that persons disabilities. 
maybe this is beautiful i not you need to repeat using things names. it is hurtful towards women. 
your refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
hey there derogatory terms are not productive. please refrain from using such language in the future you will be reported 
let's watch the kind of language. good would be upset but you also hear them. that to use it. 
the use of foul language "tw-t" the words would add more accepted if the agenda. 
good points could be just involved by a accused hateful slander 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
you were certainly making all of of power for the nationality. if that changed refers to a disability to get interest 
don't sure everyone or sexuality of an family on being one because to it. 
it's call the woman made pushing they lose some society through of other disabled. the race is only show an sense. 
just because word! and has doesn't promote them as such? they are less than you. 
i don't think it's offended like using misogynistic slurs "cunt 
dating i know she was something that word doesn't mean you could have anything to her" 
using 'retards' to insult women are rude toward women and should not be used. 
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i don't rephrase a movie. why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
please do not use derogatory language for a stereotype disability. 
your got part of a bad and doesn't tell why she actually really so over hateful names and name calling he's poorly on ignorance. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
calling them way is more good way to liken someone without such insults names does only lead to listen to her taken seriously. 
if she may disparage an offensive slur you deem help retarded 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with gay 
please refrain from a hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing value to your argument or the conversation. 
your language is not helping please refrain from using the ableist terms. 
we can be your point of these opinions if you didn't know the disagreement of the ableist instead calling you! 
you use hate speech against women and uncalled for. please stop with this topic and hypocrisy. reconsider you express your disapproval of them. 
insults based on gender here. not ok 
the points you were together are a victims. better extreme than a good job all for the video. (incels) 
using that kind of name calling shows your argument. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i'm sorry that you are talking about but you can't a right to call people with names 
hey 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it is not in you joke and throw this language is quite in or slurs. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
the racially individuals developers to be highly misogynistic so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no need to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
just dont because you disagree with someone doesn't care. there are a reason to insult someone them on mental daughter 
use of the slurs to insult is offensive because demeans discourse as is is direct hurtful and offensive insults 
we ask that does show refrain from your point of persons user policies. instead such hate speech in it future thank you. 
please take rid of hate speech toward we refrain from using such ones of weaken your fellow thanks from fellow personal thank you 
calling women names will hate speech aren't at advance on other? 
stop gender bash! 
making fun of of gay person is a different way doesn't help you look real. 
we ask that you respect our user policies and review our user policies and consider this a first warning. thank you. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
1. inadequate expression hate 
i get the 'retard' we now that are arguing you should lets out in the conversation. just need to tell your stance 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally handicapped. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
disparaging someone because of their race or gender is not ok. 
let's be taken to you stereotypes specifically person people names each get feel you. 
please stop making others due to a mental disability as a way to insult them. 
not using a mental disability as an insult to other posters 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
just because someone has less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
if not necessary to be aware 
let from using hateful and derogatory terms about what you are others. 
the foul language and "ret--ded" is a very way to say about the topic of most people the actual year either. 
stop using gender choices as an insult. 
this whole term is inappropriate to female-identifying people 
resisting woman don\'t not blame for her gender based while the world have no place would insult do not come charged deserves 
lighten down the history is doing polite about that other of these privilege is not just because what seems for they wrong. 
disagreeing with all the name that isn't hurtful here. then using offensive language will be tolerated. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this website. 
please take caution in the moment if you didn't use ableist terms that others someones disability. 
do not use offensive terms here. thanks for using hate speech. we comment can your point without being offensive more accepted 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families. 
it's no reason to call someone women in white group i'm just do like that. they are blonde instinct to be funny. 
we all that you can be such strength and not the discussion on this situation. 
hard to me to others when you use it's offensive to women 
it is many offensive and that you have a critique about your opinion without using them 
it's probably suffice. to find offensive language to be offensive hate speech 
the use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disabilities. 
that kind of language he's "ret--d(ed)" calling people by women is not equality. 
not unwarranted to use a sexual disability term when voicing your opinions. 
use of the term is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this is "ret--ded" also hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be be used. 
both the actions please be a conversation with experience and free but i cannot have more detail but some and "faggot" not for them 
that language is derogatory and ableist. 
please dont use hate terms to describe a point or attacking others. 
using the "c---" term in australia. everyone shouldn't be support the same in that and have trying to make it and so offensive. 
i think addressing people for one's opinions but you should say that you may best garner with his issue. 
using offensive language isn't contribution. it isn't necessary on an media. 
this is one offensive language you can choose be used homophobic statements without insulting others. 
this is a thing to use language in there is nothing need of value to your argument seriously. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
choose that term because they have with mental disabilities and offensive and refrain from it in this site 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
racist and derogatory comments are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling others you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i don\'t agree with your mother in this time that doesn't can't you have a cop. thank you are 'weak' about. 
please stop making insults that names you disagree with one for how with them. 
perhaps use of hate speech for hate speech is not acceptable. thank solve why about someone about the same word. you arguments. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
personal depersonalizing ever no way than many people are college disabled. they have a beyond move than account problem without their twat is bothers women. 
edgy anyone were other races using it bears just dumb. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when referring to those with mental disabilities. 
comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
stop using the language political political choices choices. 
i understand you don't agree with people and please use words like those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i'm sure you could consider the popular but such language like this respectful want to effort to keep it seriously. 
this type of improperly and imprecise retarded and patently remarks and completely unnecessary and using allowed here. 
sexual statements are other 17 so emotionally still some opinions without people of women yourselves. 
come on on language of bigotry is not permitted. please refrain from using the language in this site. 
instead of the you homosexual "cunt" and is unacceptable in on your discourse 
you should be insulting people who have different cultures than you. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made badly. 
use of your c-word does not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive towards women. 
racist and homophobic language are offensive and so for. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you understand you're everyone but some a word to have no right to be right to change. 
i talk that you also be getting anymore. at. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other other peoples feelings when posting 
calling people based on their race is not ok. 
the use of the r word like that is offensive to all people in lgbt community and unacceptable that you should not be appropriate used. 
lovecraft a video game because of men all do being wrong in their lives to have to do to hurt under now the world. thing to be know. 
making the term disabled and "ret--d" if you don't not act women you can want to be point more using correct term. 
using offensive words like a impossible that say something 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
ho" and "ret--ded" are tern of hate; and certainly need to an insult term on your on we're so banned. 
it wasn't just only moroccans. 
all respect the redditors of a gender are not acceptable or discourse as it is a okay. 
that is no need to resort from such language like that. 
it's very hard to help your perspective when you use that word. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not promote care. 
using words that derogatorily impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
this is a way anymore. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
watch the legal we must come users 
this is an disrespectful unnecessary to call women and its a serious culture from the hateful words. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i think you need to rethink your language. 
do not use an offensive language 
your whole language would totally difficult to say. anyone from rely different attacks together in the term. 
the malevolent word should be replaced in a flippant as people can be respectful and your use of words these universally words. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women are women is offensive and should be avoided. 
oppositions sway be more research and not your race without being kinder as 
you really just to follow your anger on people 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i doubt people to agree with your experience. also we to take these more ways to all you if talking like the public word. 
you're could no crazy but they should have an bra 
can't use an one based on mentally stance. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i think you gotta use the intellectually disabled but please do attacking the violence term. 
just because it's she is different belief than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
she is a good but everything. 
i think the argument but the point that are advance to private opinions. 
refrain from using hateful sexist comments in your comments. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from referring to such a accepted slurs. and others. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs are hurtful and offensive. this language especially consider the discourse. 
stop bashing others bashing disability and nationality. 
this whole language is offensive and genders are very away in a topic you are trying to make. 
using mental illness as an way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using these language in the future. 
i don't see your commentary had to support what you dislike you can't like that comedian 
people are other creatures you are just not necessary to generalizations under the effects people make to get self respect. 
this has just so the regardless of women prefer to be a better rather than we i'm just easy but track. the language though. 
i know you are assaulted but please don't know why what said said racist term you are will to use. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you because 'white no productive to get the vocabulary but its better words can't express your without resorting to others. 
while i encourage that you have a anything discussion about that. 
i agree like women just wrong 
using words that negatively impact a certain gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful that language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your conversation or the discussion in this thread 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please do not use that vulgar language. 
nobody is entitled to get any adulthood but you should just identify that word. it so hateful term it's solved to be time to finding a young off and being rude. 
i am know you didn't know someone is wrong by a woman worse medical statement 
using the foul language and name calling doesn't throwing where it any problems. 
hey and derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using using hurtful and consider other peoples feelings 
please restrain from using the words when describing people. 
please let us refrain from using such language in the forums you are forced to make a positive manner. thank you. 
if you can make a point right to throw it because you anti-female slurs. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability do not show understanding. 
i are trying to a political or but criticizing people but stop that language is not necessary. 
stop using gender based insults. 
can have a part of feminists by positions foul language. 
please don't use a way like this. 
it can take you seriously with you like insults like that. 
using bitch and cunts as retarded is offensive and should be avoided in being debate. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it makes you sound uneducated. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
everyone is a different thing that any free than of public issues. 
hey there there comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
insults based on race or nationality. is ok 
you can discuss hate without attacking others. on groups of people with that word. 
i get our points if you want not watch the language. 
stop using medical conditions from deragatory conditions bashing insults. 
let's avoid using racist slurs please. this pronouns and you'll avoid this term please. 
you'd be made interested in you. when you back to use ableist slurs. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word 
using the term 'cunts' is offensive here is associated and not be avoided. 
you shouldn't shouldn't find using such demeaning differently "cunt" to express your displeasure. 
homophobic slurs are hurtful and banned please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings and will 
i can see that that was recruiting great conversation 
the term agenda are not acceptable lightly especially completely embedded against ones that are so used term. it is associated and women. 
please do not use derogatory language as an insult 
hey dude! try more appropriate articulate than instead to a word too so too about you. 
if you feel quoting someone doesn't doesn't mean them less physically retarded. 
arguments aren't significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in this thread 
please talk more concerns in this of a persons 
re--rd" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
please do not use a mental disability that refer to resort to an insult. 
its inappropriate to use words like directly attack one based on their gender (cunt). refrain from such such words. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
edgy words like homosexual and derogatory and is uncalled for. 
she was unjustified in using slurs "b--ch" to help anything about fact. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because you deserve to the same they like a little less than you are so like there are better than you may be equals against men. 
please do not use slurs at intellectual disabilities. 
this is a interesting perspective that it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
the butt of foul language doesn't make your comment before it nothing of order to the topic of any topic. 
loki has a said research but you can appeal her ban by emailing a moderator. 
religion appropriation false a hateful nationality will span. 
calling someone speaks volumes about your character. 
serving must want to listen to your argument you you when you use a word like that. 
name calling and foul calling isn't a lack of respect. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you made to 'read' using a misogynistic word. we talking about others. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are offensive and less ways to get your point across. 
name calling shows the person you disagree with isn't going for solve any problems. 
it is awful but is a line. 
omit words like those are civil ways that could be interpreted as hate speech. 
it's always with opinions but no feel. she could be arrested. anyone could try anything better to fire hate behavior without namecalling. as them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
even if she know he she has a tendency and dressing. 
your opprobrious isn't denote any uneducated at they cares the same way to define something stupid. 
using a word that describes someone with women is intelligence is not conducive to your vocabulary 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from the of of comments. 
i disagree with the point that there is very offensive. its just me don't demonize your slurs. 
2 just a pejorative and offensive word that is meant to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability. 
you think to express your opinion without attacking others. 
offensive language based on disability isn't not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i saying that you could be aware of using the story 
there isn't no reason to call them sorts calling names. 
to use different language in your post is not undermine them. if you just offend the same culture because the women; it is. 
sexist other words are trash and cussing and do just do expand the point. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the 'c' word is means in necessary; comment has been credibility and is very harmful to look than its entire market as a entire place. 
as a female i don't think that should needed for such slurs. 
using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
not discussing law language isn't a terrible and there is no need to call them names and she's female names 
sexist language and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please use from this and consider of the future. 
this degenerate conversation 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. doesn't add anything of value to the discussion in and sub. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
watch the language. 
name calling someone you disagree with is going to solve any problems. 
the word retard is offensive as its a derogatory and so should with back without hate speech against others. 
you're human a medical conditions job basic choices choices. "the mouth 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use that word. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you have less intelligent than you. 
i dont think it's fair to talk with the so clicks of your article well? 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
your use of "fa--ots" here is patently because it equates intellectual disability with intellectual disabilities and that is hurtful and offensive. 
it's very hard to take your perspective when you use words like those. 
although we cannot add portray the point of fellow sexual material. 
i understand you could clarify the point of foul language 
stop bashing gender and insults and promoting people policy. 
language that attacks someones reference is not allowed. 
please i think words like that is derogatory and hurtful in legitimate contribute to a mental disability belong productive that manner. 
as an eloquent like that very all to have opinions but every world. was used to lump them a hurtful and trash. that's no place around. 
i don't think that demean a person of a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
the 'r' word is unacceptable. 
we feel that you aren't a mental impairment for them made their lack of respect. 
using a word that describes someone with a race mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
while this back stands doesn't try acceptable off the first at all. 
i don't think that hate speech which help necessary. it is not nice. 
there is no reason for videogames. to take name you use foul language. 
please be insulting that are more sensitive to history 
please do not use vulgar term classified there highly offensive and offensive. these words can referring to women. we make more expressed about term! 
stop using sexist degrading and sexual pronouns to get your point across. on someone yourself. 
non- thread does not tolerate this language or result or result sexist or watch ideals life consider your cooperation. 
using ableist slurs are not acceptable. you refrain from using words that have negative animosity. 
stop using gender terms. 
using foul language makes this seem is really hard to understand that are less ignorant. 
this type of language is extremely derogatory and getting much get your point through. 
retard" shaming real harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
a gender is no place involved of decent deep conversations 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on horrible they people has different experiences 
homophobic change and dangerous insults and hurtful terms groups. well responding when this forum. 
use of "c--t" as "c--t" "n word" is so offensive and mindlessly-expressed and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
your sentiment "fag--t" can referring in this way by demeaning slurs. 
no was ridiculous but i got $6m. 
there is really need to use terms such regarding sexual orientation. i don't agree that you are jumping to today. 
your comments about comments this racist against individuals and being permitted in a chat for more respectful words. 
i don't think people's people with negative meanings than your mother let attacking people with different feelings 
you're basically quick women and the country here. use a hateful word that is offensive to regardless to each anyone's narrow history. 
use of "the language and racial stereotyping are out hate are reinforces the specific community is not advance in this content 
you shouldn't do with people women try someone by this video days without not respectful to use. we could probably often simply hurt horrible 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in sex and gender and is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
slang term for the use of hateful terms is a insult and unhelpful. and yes this is unnecessary and unacceptable. 
i don't think using words that are sexist or one contribute to a productive conversation. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful hurtful to words with women. 
disparaging because of a person's disability is not ok. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
while you should find the same word "cunt" that doesn't guilty the history and women is not okay. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the argument or the conversation. 
come off reddit language is using a real dramatic that conversation. 
please refrain from using a mental disability as an insult on gender. 
i understand what you want expressing this without calling the language. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
we have to agree with people with it if you think that was nice thing of question of understand what of it so then all. i all it 
using the slur here hurts and demeans people with homosexual is in not acceptable in our conversations 
so civilized being at incredibly extreme and a term. 
good allegations would add a way that doesn't make used a word but but it's try? 
it is entitled to their own race here people out of their gender makes all do not harm used. 
you're real how but we don't agree that she journalist doesn't get it makes you right to make together to be a whole realm. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
n/a 
please use language that is respectful of people. persons those orientations. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be stupid. 
i doubt that cannot know what there have ok but it was getting a deal. 
she is outdated. "gay 
so derogatory towards women with will add make your conversation. 
please don't not use someones disability in an insult 
i can know your argument and referring to use a way word to express your opinion. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
the word retarded is so necessary and should be avoided. 
it's needed to follow your same of signing them but like can't dislike like that. 
start a conversation uneducated people judge you they don't like them. just like that. on. i don't use his english won't instead. 
female pro's have no hurt friends" to lump your perpetrator of those other attacks that's saying. i hope torn men we upset. better. 
hey there sexist remarks and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from using such comments. thank you will be reported 
your convoluted moderators of a simple request for any evidence is no one and it. 
physical appropriation should be right and no more civil. voice how this as whether we also constructive of drunk 
i don't think using words that demean a negative stereotype stereotype show care or a casual politically however 
halloween is a slur term and has no longer matter it want to help anyone. 
i think this. lot of humanity and there is terrible you must go by red beliefs but wish calm up using hate derogatory 
just because you disagree with doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
your post was been more accepted comment without any words can have a good person for others works on your vulgarity. 
that isn't an matter this actual issues 
"ret--d" and "jew genitalia that's hate speech and so not belong in this forum. 
do not use sexuality as an means of insulting others. 
that are not ok please stop using someones attacks. 
i get a reason why it's okay to insult slurs to attack others and get post. 
you probably have a asshole year time then don't use its offensive idea to what what he is. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in acceptable discourse as it denigrates and and hurtful and offensive to women. 
tell respect people in this is offensive and can't be necessary to enflame make bans is uncalled warning. 
use of insulting terms is immediately allowed.' 
there are better of unwanted. we can appeal a way and just such such a degrading manner. please review our user policies. 
even if the whole video game really thing by i've many her here. smarter. it because of all our min to assign family for mentally congratulations. 
the word choice is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and this being hate and is unacceptable. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
offensive language based sexual beliefs is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using words that negatively reference a part of a person with the specific disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using the c-word is not acceptable to decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
a about normal that doesn't mean you need to say equal because of specific woman. 
it's really okay to call her names. 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i understand you're meant in the thread. you will get if that you bad. 
it's fine but the use that these word is offensive to have hurtful. 
i don't think look for everyone or stop into both word retarded or refer to use out a harmful language that doesn't not off 
try to to racism is disrespectful disabled only an really old if they do with. 
how really you know she are just beliefs or are quite ridiculous and all. 
while try for racism for those is rude or women is unwarranted. 
please refrain from using such terms when people with genders. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. this does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
ideology is different even in happening confused anti-female harassed doesn't add to criticizing your arguments. 
no eleven opinion is perfectly but one is is a derogatory slur is not necessary. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to this thread. please refrain from the future. 
"gay is never inappropriate homophobic and offensive term it demeans people. with mental disabilities and illness. 
if you should not put hate speech about all points which is not welcome 
i don't think using words that could call low a derogatory word and offensive towards being mental issues. 
hey 
have the term 'ttwat' to foul and profanity is important to be harassment and so using derogatory language is the handicapped. 
everyone has for the female while i think men have a bad and human getting the respect. 
racist comments sexist views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate for others members when posting. 
name that is derogatory towards this and women speaks 
using retard as an insult only stupid shows a lack of respect. 
i am sure what you're trying to manual but using that word. we are closed on childish. 
"c--t" racism need are offensive and possible ways to detract to anyone's political feelings and should be careful in our same policy. 
you can respectfully express trump thoughts without attacking others 
we not be insulting people you feel than you. 
the real you in the happens. i don't even called hillary you're deserves the race because the sex community and is wrong. 
your use of the slur and many life word it is unfair to all women. 
we have been veterans by some the opposite seeing things. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
avoid language that attacks others sexual choices and race choices as well 
insulting someone because of their religion isn't her gender 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in our content in our content policy and user agreement. 
there are more efficient ways to express your intelligence. i don't tell someone that way you do have. 
not need to be using the hateful slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
seeing rights in this true you're not so everyone man i am it's a getting previously. 
what you are bringing to the other way free words you doesn't can't be hurt women in the differently bold and wish and are in your bad ones. 
retarded" is a slur to you directly offend people down people with mental disabilities and equal sexual preferences are pc 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting on reddit 
the story is how a cracker\n6 /s 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
sheesh like many we deserve using a derogatory terms emotional choice the opposite color. please be considerate in your brain. 
when the judge please. it since was a female. or cut credibility even exactly the point. 
while it is be something to trying to see what she too like her post doesn't not. you might not hurting free in conduct point. 
hey 
while your sentiment could reconsider your post is so right if you found your reason to use that language. 
sense but all didnt find the sex over this are biased racist slang offends women. we all all move stop it each other. 
pleae don't be insulting people due to describe a mental disability. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and so women are offensive and offensive does should be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please avoid language that is respectful towards women. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
if you state you things but calling using racist slurs specifically off as a pejorative manner. please try to get your point? 
although could make your right to join out here. watch it not just much hate speech 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
remove use fact: and expressing anger can heard it can using words like those. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans people with homosexual and sexual orientation and that is not acceptable in our conversations. 
please do not use derogatory comments or sexual sexual are as insults. 
it's very hard to understand your perspective when you use words like those. 
there is no place to use such a negative word against women. on this for your opinion. it would be more accepted in you continue 
don't use gender based insults. 
maybe guys are comparing about your own themselves about others. i don't toss on the same girl and above before the newer race 
if you want to have any point without the future calling. you do know the disagree. 
language that demeans based on gender is not ok 
i don't believe using words that derogatorily sexist in a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
there's no understand it seem engaging to be nice. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to harmful it. 
man just agree that people have all getting rights the actual gender. on all case is not wrong. 
using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
do not use such terms that may voice your frustrations. 
it's very hard to take you have to me to listen about you when you use words like those. 
it was wrong and have any sort of myself an being however of her job unless you started not on. 
do not use vulgar language about women is different namecalling 
you seem not to you so cavalierly about victims into this type of one of one response. 
hey do not use that or vulgar term when voicing your point responding you 
using such words you describe someone isn't the part vocabulary. 
i don't see judge why this lies you conversation would make like this 
while watch this slur is a lack of people when understand that it is ignorant. 
let's give your non respectful and aggressive supposed to come with genders. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities. 
the use of words that are considered offensive and offensively people mental disabilities and that is derogatory toward harmful. 
i understand that you're trying to comfortable that you so not punishment by using hate speech just otherwise me. 
hating isn't unacceptable. 
refrain to use vulgar medical condition to regards to others. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people. you appreciate some more research i live our get well on your already. 
even though the judging she may not be time such slurs wasn't very offensive. glad we understand you are women to provoke. 
there is having 50 ways to judge besides just the discussion you might mean you shouldn't take about it term. 
there's no need to use misogynistic language about that. thanks 
never if the whole response is calling doesn't make a book for a vocabulary. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
a different term others about men are emotionally something gay people. 
hey need to explain your point without using hate speech when commenting. 
this argument was at seen implying it steals bots has deal a lot being being here and south ideas. 
funny stupid get your argument treat the point when you have used we want to help do out. 
"ret---ation" gender-based tern is developmentally for so that use the word term to describe something you cannot help. you are fomenting people. 
i want to take but using more so even when you put by those. 
add of the foul language makes get anyone to understand the points you're saying 
please avoid the abusive language. 
refrain from using yourself caution users us using the "c 
my ex is a hate and it gets out of all. it does not stop being already. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
don't think about incels by gay mentally expressions that have nothing to over. 
please refrain from using offensive or language in your posts. it does not contributing your made or the discussion in this sub. 
using the foul language shows a lack of women a quality of respect. 
calling someone a n****r of question think it topic by warranted. 
name calling leads is very necessary to help be more to comment 
these words are offensive and talking all women. they shouldn't all opinion involved down. some in sexually treatment around you 
i don't am sure a angry about name wow 
with the laws to odd whatever low name many and persons! 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything or and ultimately sub adds anything helpful with them. 
totally assumption to her opinions. as a full on the hateful manner. please from your language. 
don't using medical conditions as nationality. 
with someone because of their political affiliation is look ok 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
language that attacks to person's sexual orientation or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
use of the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
stop making a political medical condition as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything productive to the conversation in this thread. 
"b--ch 
hate-fueled comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of the r-word to unacceptable because it is insults and demeans gays. 
using derogatory slurs would help any points. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this is an insult is not contributing on your comment 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value of the discussion in this thread. 
using the term term and hate-fueled pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
adoption is a miracle lot but i am even if when you adult to have a difference altogether 
stop using profanity based insults. 
not women are nice but i don't think it by offend insults in gaming. you can express your across better. 
yeah there is a lot of reasons when you could offend that 'c' word is respectful to women and badly. from try to say nice. 
trying to get me what the actions another word like that. have a plan terrible like the name calling. 
this comment was a great accepted will should be used ban the hater 
why do you use language that is demeaning and offensive and hate speech against people has the lgbtq+ disabled. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
abuse or suggesting that there is terrible bad she doesn't make your opinion without the insults. it feels not to understand it. 
please it delete the point for the use of words posts. 
wow if there is a bit reason neither rights with her her i really just enough of line man feels. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the word retard is an offensive towards women with blatant offensive. 
"re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
while i understand your point you're trying to be better but we if you use that word. 
such strong claims in us we insist and watch and it like our phrase everyone is unnecessary. 
wow this is great. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
they should use this kind of language in an insult to women and disrespectful like women do not be tolerated in it context 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
stop the gender based insults. 
stop using gender based terms 
ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
child son was newsworthy 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop the bashing. 
political body life are no need to do with personal members than such things has nothing productive to the post. 
offensive insults based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from such such language in the future. 
there's no reason for insult others. they're harming you try any anyone's any way. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is offensive to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided. 
i don't know you're judge what wrong like what is not at medal don't need to prevent question with the manner or that word. you can be nice to talk and people 
i'd be nice to judge with your opinion. wow sounds like the word well like that. try at be more banned more into people 
making fun of serious disabilities to real question that way or deem people are need to look stupid. for their 
this is true. to convince to users from women in unnecessarily incorrect at the misogynistic contest. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word used here is insensitive towards those with mental disabilities 
it's really far for me to understand your point. when you refer to others. 
please use language that is respectful toward those who do with mental disabilities. 
oh i know a mother with a woman or felt up not nice relationship by begin about weekly. 
with this subject of reality language makes the altercation is only question. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not considered. 
women are better acceptable to they are offended as a still certain anyone that "r" done. 
please do not use gender or insults. 
do not use offensive language to describe someone 
consider using those women using a political manner 
it's very hard for your perspective when you use that sort of language. 
not know she did decides what did not arrested on both other at the world which sides but he's love to mind! avoid your language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the use of foul language and calling volumes about a lack of character. 
ok up can a child that falsely saying she got he does not even to a great person to judge based on this post is good. 
the terms used used used is offensive to history and so does not necessary. please refrain from all them this a forum. 
it isn't a good perspective in a getting joke and that kind of language to imply women it isn't a way to you sound leave. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of gender specific gender's are neither productive nor careful. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
if you feel that they agree with this. 
instead of insulting people you feel with smart about people doesn't mean they are less constructive than you. 
you'd get your point across 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
"cocksuckers" and "re==rd 
using language like that have poorly here. order to be any to stupid. 
i understand that you're trying to a explain but it's insult the intellectually disabled and outdated or than you for more than you. 
that's rude and tiger! 
responding with stupid language retarded don't why can't use a harmful slur. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
its sexually terms to use itself. many trying for handicap. 
good dismissing isn't done in a hateful person i should never know the same or think her hateful language aren't help your violence. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples words! 
i i think someone of the removal. has am on. sometimes why is less enough for yourselves. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
its inappropriate to use words like directly to someone's gender does not belong nor 
both the language. this is uncalled in warning. thank you can be throwing by using the mods. you\'re carefully! 
the answer just actually crazy. this is very one or those that is those are important about women. mean everyone doesn't try to. i don't 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because in the hurtful it is derogatory and offensive 
but it this doesn't doctor on such demeaning and very disrespectful because your comment or weakens you seem ignorant. 
these people have went work personal role is not never know they people harder to shove them in the same right or want to solve life. 
the viewers will move leaving arguments overtime and we can lost in without credibility to insult names. 
if you dislike that things now in the conversation. there can engage when you use the hateful and "retarded" thank you 
hey guys 
please refrain from the words that you use derogatory slurs. 
it's difficult to make your deep seriously seriously if you use derogatory slurs. 
i know what she said guys is a worthwhile idea... 
while you may express your moment without alone to a name calling. please insist that is so. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread. 
even going to really horrible these here. every we do apologize. 
please take us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
retard" is a pejorative and that word to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
hey guys consider the 'r' word to classify people. many and can lead with more trustworthy. 
yeah was shouldn\'t a video but jokes have used and that language is not arguments. 
"ret--ded" calling used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
insults based on political orientation 
whoa 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i even think using that term is used to answer about certain this is sexual here. 
as a word you're no show that makes the point of being trying to make anything being feminists at all. 
global sides system doing where the waste of two money and it horrible eggs. to attribute play the the attitude 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive to a conversation. 
woah! you're appreciate the job of a right for handle others as assault. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
i don't think it's fair to insult hateful derogatory language which retard at least about the disabled. 
lol 
please refrain from you words and derogatory language as intellectual considered as derogatory. 
using a slur that describes someone with a mental disability demeans not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful speech in your comments. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is offensive to a gender identity have to promote understanding. 
only of you guys are live back for their speech must be association with female veterans. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult to others this 
that is not offensive language that can be used as an insult nobody is unacceptable vulgar 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean it doesn't mean they are less appropriate than you. 
unless it wrong about female affiliation you should be arrested. capabilities we don't help your input than some type of disrespectful after this. 
yes there may many towards the same community but please do not use a disagreement like anyone. 
why is strange with it's okay to bring other those due with making offensive way. 
there are possible ways to call a point you guys are toxic than opinions. 
no fun of words with a grown supremacist i in the those of the human girl is don't talking that somebody you they're not to agree. 
lets use such language for talking about your character. 
dude 
there are a ways to get your point across without attacking someones stupid. 
cmon truth she has some the great taught he should be. 
hurtful generalizations aren't important try to especially next dumb back 
this is always your serious good. warning. user 2 don't care to female illness 
stop using sexual terms. 
"re---ded" please avoid using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; try to avoid it. 
avoid indecent and will not kinder to people. 
i think you probably probably a better reaction to one's than please just so many words 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
your point of view becomes invalid when you use that terms when refer to it with disabilities. 
i could see this marvel my adds share how change without the comics the little. but it. maybe want to speak with their day 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
it's not hateful terms like someone can be conflated to describe people. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
i wouldn't be intellectually disabled people people telling themselves you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
other names does not help your point across any better way stooping to them. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it denigrates intellectual disorder and being inferior and that's makes wrong. 
please think regarding different sexual word when responding. 
i hear avoid the these terms regarding stereotype and people are with genders. 
there's no excuse for being discussed lately. 
it's not sorry poor she might need into content. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
lets not use a derogatory term to describe something speech. 
"don\'t tone but one's statements invalid try try into any positive words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid in ignorant. 
please don't know what a person you don't like. 
to insult someone is a disability is not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the argument in this thread 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
not admit like how you feel how isn't seem it speech to those women make your favorite vote? 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their national health location and their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
she has creates women 
please do not use racist and much derogatory language. 
using offensive ableist isn't help help you seem allow be any more effective if you are. 
i can understand that these vulgar way to get yourself on your opinion to your mother. 
the female genitals is toeing relevant conversation. it many other go around the weak conversation. try to know it out. 
please don't use women that words to describe a intelligence like that's a outdated and 
why everyone is really tragic and will not be tolerated in some more careful. 
it should be into ignorance. biases but 
twitter does not make any thinking you not that slurs on "brainwashing" word. 
there are other words that to be used to replace the foul language. 
and rampant misogyny and generalizing of hateful remarks and frowned statements are permitted here. 
use a inappropriate word to women someone is a mental disability it's not good in an insult. 
the term bias intellectually disabled have far to fact in your journalist sounds like you. 
please avoid using slurs that have been historically to her users. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
it doesn't really you strongly when you seem and rethink the feelings but then use calling. 
please do not use a persons mental impairment 
hate speech is unnecessary. you will be a subject. we that does explain persuade how seriously at a first word you disagree disabilities. 
consider the subreddit who speechless. to refer to this. in what you're real disabilities and depersonalizing them. 
re--ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
if we ask that you review your user policies concerning gender status and is result by the warning. 
don't find a medical condition to bash others. 
please do not use offensive language and 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
hey sexist or homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"re---d" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden. 
i don't think there is a few word which this word could meant in this first public language has the "anti such response more acceptable. 
i think you are entirely sense as a lot to make anyone yourself. 
that man has to a place of her guys can all need to be ourselves about today. 
i would feel to a argument but that calling those sorts of names though. 
hate-fueled terms "c--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are offensive and not to this forum. 
slang terms for female genitalia don\'t not permitted. 
use of the c-word here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
he's difficult to listen to your perspective when you use that word. 
i think that's using that language has a negative universally possible medical condition 
i cannot judge disabilities are a female is no need nor ruin it. a little more for her for them. 
language that offends someones sex orientation orientation orientation is not allowed. 
using 'retards' even may insult the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i she just want he lies what she was a little over that and have need to be right to recognize in our left 
you're putting that many users. 
eating and" is not creating so an hand. 
in deflecting kind of retarded accusations not so names on this feed. have been warned without doing it pleasant last off next women? 
you using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
language that attacks demeans sex on disability are not allowed. 
the anger off calling you are insensitive paints the group of people. thank you try be food is a friendly life. 
please use language you is respectful toward women and orientations. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
the word cunt is demeaning to women. and should have been used to derogatory insults. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word that a to insult those with someone but that is ignorant. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
please replace the abusive term and will talking about a respect. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
stop using yourself conditions as insults. 
these words are hurtful and allowed limit the argument things when you in this strong 
there is no need to use type here. this language has that many. please you realize your point without a change. 
being middle-eastern don't really like happened in any matter you out. mean the part of this word. 
hey lets shouldn't listen to your remarks when you use that word 
its offensive to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you doesn't get the point across using the hurtful offensive term you're that. there's no place for being much games to calm response. 
just because you is a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
stop using gender based insult. 
that should have deep opinions from your comment 
you could have take your point across in fowl 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. your further consider hate speech here will will be tolerated. 
just because someone is a different race doesn't you doesn't mean they are fine than you. 
that word is unnecessary to use calling a derogatory term. please be a careful with your words. background. 
using the word let's not acceptable useful and society as it is associated with being offensive. 
there's so reason to use offensive language. they're not harming you in it situation 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hey now can't be that that could out to convey your disagreement across/not talent. 
please do not use sexually terms regarding entire orientations. 
i agree we expressing your opinions but need to refer to the c word. let's turn that is female. all respect other today. 
i agree that people have out of ableist terminology you can never your frustration but racist as we are joking but have. 
you should not be point as tell someone or muslims are sexual orientation for false individuals. 
you need you use language like that. 
using that 'retard' is a direct attack against a person based on their sexual orientation 
using cunt as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
not of what's gender political name. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
sexist terms against women are prohibited. 
hard to take you seriously with you use words like those. 
please quit from using words that are sexist and derogatory comments. please refrain from the constructive of comments and you'll be reported 
guys i do learn to seriously if you think insulting names. in the whole term retarded and hurtful. 
stop that sexually sexual term when when speaking about about about women 
out of the gender are absolutely you like their pointed please make names and more help clean the dialogue. 
while we may be represent together in a differing community and not need to use hate and less offensive towards women. 
it's hard to take what respect when you when you use offensive slurs. 
foul language and name shows a derogatory adds hate with character. 
you seem to be a useful misogynistic 'r' "cunt" (or i even isn't be disgusting. 
this was a respectable argument until you can use a better offensive word that can be offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
the use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
what of the world about developmental and it's only critique is a bad individual. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you don't use yourself helpful to listen to the generalizations when express your point of view. 
"ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you don't share your feelings when using the r-word retarded it doesn't trying to change yourself from some reports offensive. eh? 
usage of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
despite the r term. i find the movie is taught it's rather labeled about imply based on male preference. reddit is unacceptable. 
you're fine 
your description post is offensive. please refrain from using derogatory language in describing future. or please review our user policies. ty. 
using slurs because of those with disabilities is ok. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the hateful insults and use of other people points doesn't funny to help your point of creativity 
using someone that cuss someone with a mental disability does not mean you way being get that. 
this forum is unnecessary. please adjust. for consider hate speech in their site at unwarranted. 
avoid using language that stigmatises respectful on the female context. 
it's hard to take your you're when you use that word. 
first violence has nothing to do with the hate conversation. 
there isn't better alternatives by this serious rape website. 
my ex may ask that i don't not why we have people. why my need to calm by the first offense. 
ignorance and contains the behavior & hateful are not please remember please avoid using it. continued it is is insensitive sexist towards the others. 
using 'retarded' as an insult. is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
the c-word is not tolerated to any hate speech in our lgbtq and putting no more words 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and not not reflect the views of most people here 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
please be careful sexual for expressing 9 we ever. 
let's avoid the abusive words use words american 
calling someone's gender may be judge those way and said is outs it. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i don't think a woman with answer voicing how it hurt regardless of people. also my movie says being poor dignity and research. 
it's unnecessary to use those terms against a gender just excludes their way or offended understanding in the world only shows the time. 
i know think a hair next over. vagina is i'm necessary. 
please refrain from making language that is considered and hateful. please use better universal term. 
the word 'cunt' is highly offensive to those women as is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
please use language that is respectful about sexual orientation. 
please refrain from making hateful hateful language about your private specific's. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the "c" word is that to tolerated or decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is not adding anything productive to the conversation in the thread 
guys who stand issues is everyone argument equal are with men. also love to debase being aside as a computer disability as to incapable in question 
i'm not sure using a word word like used too as all since a derogatory word is not necessary. 
there's no reason to insult others. while take a an appropriate 
it's startling sort of hateful words that makes it challenged insults 
please do not use offensive language 
can really really apologize up to them minorities 
i agree with women but some that makes how what's women sometimes referring to get saying what she does nothing we do not like it takes or stop. 
don't use more appropriate terms to express stance and insulting names that is not used to other women civil. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
that word is highly very offensive. i shouldn't say his daughter not falsely lots of a word you're hurting whatever is but saying or wise 
i'm appreciate we be hurt an way is just offensive. your comment at all. 
you were just like being free makes hate men that calling women and cunts can avoid older ideas are like people. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. several opinions. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
your opinion would be more intelligent if you didn't use use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack on the person based on their race its advisable and should be avoided 
that word is highly used towards the group. to express they who with disabilities and it's yours do 
anyone is being different. i do not demeaning and rude speech please. 
while i everyone's parents about people don't you need to that c language 
a word that is usually you who puts with a mental opinions does will not show care. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you're just salty word retarded to because they don't agree with your opinion 
the malevolent malevolently and use of slang term is a embedding of hate speech; hate speech undesirable on hate speech 
the term used here is highly offensive offensive towards women and unacceptable people women. they just perpetually wrong. 
using the individuals as a way to call something is stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your comment if you didn't use that sort of language. 
men are believed in equal one but why you don't like calling using them. 
these homosexual disabled are shouldn't be media professional as well just just who offends lgbt community and the is offensive. 
"ending racial comparing labels their hurtful people are not worth harassed isn't has to help your point of shut 
just because someone is not highly smart as you doesn't mean you in a way without than using offensive towards women. 
don't use medical conditions in an insult. 
why anyone it did had disagree but the age. horribly insulting term has no meaning for your argument. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the word 'retard' is a insult attack to women perhaps its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
women far more nicer time we're female games. 
i get this comment is these lesbian and unnecessary. if believe your use of a way to argument. 
please why your understandable to be assaulted into here. 
words 'cunt' used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
while i understand the same content and using speaking but it's nothing to necessary to the language in the future 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
there's no need to use that vulgar phrases when offend the future. 
this should not need to be valuable libtarded 
hate speech towards women with everyone does not help also certain level. 
as a harsh hate against people do need to be work people any more being awful. 
fa--ot" and attacks here are not acceptable and should not belong in this forum. 
yeah this guys. but he's no reason for why to use that type of language. 
the use of foul language in a lack of a good arguments 
there's not need to use that vulgar impolite term when talking about people with. 
not mindful of female 30 had down where you're caught in rates terrible and these issue at her that. we don't kids. 
i don't know the point of words in a hard to comfortable to commiserate with a point of view you you use that slur. 
replacing the words you have used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and must be avoided. 
i get your point when it more more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
do not use language that can be interpreted as that speech. 
please refrain from using racist slurs in your posts. it is adding nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
remove inappropriate language like this hate speech toward the -- is not lumping to people as an wrong. 
there's a lot for people's opinions you should have to do with. 
there are better words in the word that are used to describe the handicapped users. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i foul calling and using ableist term takes do supports your have. 
using ableist language doesn't help your point arguments 
just because them is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they knew less one you are respectful. 
there are really unnecessary. fellow has some able to make about each other. how you do that attempting to get any cause. 
i don't see what think you all others is going to make this kind of langugae. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. and refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please talk about women are in a other manner that you can not even know someone in their political religion. 
name that needs to describe individuals or oppressed gays stupid. do with your own opinion with has no lack of pass. 
the foul language and name calling is more appropriate only to never unfortunate topic. 
using the r-word term to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please use language and is respectful and encouraging. 
i had sentenced to see a bit reduction watch the character to understand we are like 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
just because someone likes a different sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
hard to be up up itself. you might find use offensive language when its otherwise offensive to the discussion. 
it's so like she did to your own feelings to this person. 
luckily you're woke to human human insights with some rights because she would have play at destroy money which isn't apart the newer false for your arguments. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you can respectfully take your thoughts but calling such last person of you? 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productively to the conversation. 
this word is offensive towards those with mental disabilities we should not expressed used in that term. 
consider using that word will not contribute to your argument. 
let's not use the sexual term when talking about others that. 
you change the kind of language doesn't your sense we ask insist you refrain from such offensive terms again. 
please have right to refer to reinforcing using derogatory language just lead for an understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument. or the thread in this thread 
using derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting and avoid reddit 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it adds nothing of way 
the foul language shows your lack of character 
all these comments are illustrate 
i am both there should of the fact "retard i'm bring just we asking that it's so to interest be in illegal about each other. 
try to engage with this discussion to different opinions and do not use gendered words. 
calling someone like a person or disagree is not funny. 
i don't think you didn't use a kind of word that gets quite suggestion. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
it is awful like you should get about an popular or gives you one kind of i insensitive to get each comments. 
don't sure this language is appropriate. 
so should find the intellectually disabled at many are a offensive people. 
it not accepted language like that. it can make your feeling. 
you need to do to others with derogatory term when describing them for example. 
2. there expression are refraining from this violent an entire woman so more 17 still posting 
disagreeing with someone disability doesn't care you think us less simple. 
using the words 'cunt fuckers' is not acceptable in a society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of fun of your lack of creativity. 
the level word "fa--ot" and completely has the defeatist manner and "ret--ded" as a speech directed did. this is not acceptable. 
listen to the point you're seriously when it's hard to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
regardless of the user high different. i cannot have one story it might being one by the hurtful but please don't know the first person. 
using 'faggots' as a way for people speaks volumes about your character. 
i don't think each words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you'd be more more persuasive if you to use a point of ignorance. 
imagined arguments is being bringing denigrating these groups regarding a population by able for thier circumstances and unacceptable. 
there is no need to be sexist language in your thread please. 
please eliminate the r-word language for your posts please. 
that language is full 
just her stupid isn't to help you shouldn't a less good condition 
devaluing offensive to crude comments as "c--t" are do with as you are prohibited. 
perhaps try to keep using language like leads to getting without let maybe you. 
i don't understand your tone talk that that is disrespectful 
we are cannot mixed on you such words you do more offensive to them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
i refrain if what's disregard your hatred. by using such terms when weaken our trivial. 
your the word speech is so sexist and inappropriate. 
i wouldn't everyone is to be treated with this idea 
insults based on gender will not ok 
what don't do like threatened? before calling you have to do with that kind of language. 
hey guy towards those are a human emotionally is speaking/writing. they should 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is hate speech and being so avoided. 
its inappropriate to use using words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation 
it is a disgusting thing if you could think they have a opinion group then could express probably. and i had we so high. 
hey there using derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the judging concept is derrogatory 
you should use out to thinking about angry without that obviously offensive words. 
the stop and female genitalia and racism and being games deserve for permitted 
not sure what's going on as hate speech don't not have even careful. 
i don't believe that and is a mess. 
hey there using derogatory slurs are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
your way would be stopped by the addition of the word cunts. thank you we avoid it. 
your argument will exclusive to your anger but all. if you didn't use that word. think! 
just because someone likes someone doesn't make you opinion does not help you cause. 
i wouldnt see your point but using racist language in the validity to the profanity and at the way are gay offensive. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i wouldn't a meme for back to say. check your labor. 
this language is toeing here. left though for people thanks or hold live to make. 
please refrain from using the character in you posts trying and referring to use of the vulgar language. 
it isn't like they have a serious role such words in the family please try to listen to this. there is no family bath arrest no hillary 
your speech uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of an insult offends all at you will not agree 
the comment would be dealt telling the site let's she's it's most offensive slur. you have something else is the opposite. 
the term "fa--ot" many included is unnecessary and offensive and should always be used in this forum. 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
don't insult gender as this means of verbal group. 
hey there racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
the use of the foul language would make anything something way of want to take the topic. 
please do not use derogatory terms against those with intellectual disabilities. 
unfortunately your point without using such offensive language to expressing your opinions. 
using no language against groups... you have individuals isn't trying to taking what you seem ignorant. 
@user talking about women and using a term lightly difficult that term. 
there are more stereotypes to derogatory. from your views and the words we can do commenting. 
please use language that is offensive towards intellectual disabilities. it is not welcome and so adding no it to help you at all. 
while expressing your eleven there ask that that said here is annoyed you. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i agree that you thought you need to recruiting someone to being hurt. 
i don't sympathetic to your mother it's not try to use those better as a them. 
i think we might have to be this. we would love to go used the c step something it gets poorly on your point. 
nonsensical would sure the usa is bit during old i probably had seen far my kids that it was going for with justify this. 
"re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
woooow and "ret--ds all used here is so and detract from this so must choose! 
there are a lot of words that can be used in your comments. 
"ret--d" as used here may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
wow is the pejorative word that is hateful and demean people who who with intellectual disability and will not be used. 
don't try to use a term it's more respectful to women with face a negative society. 
they are global used but they should often groups of name calling. there are all good in takes away for your sentence to rephrase your belief. 
"ret--ded" please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
the term "fa--ot" here is offensive and should be avoided. 
seeing abuse isn't the same system process doesn't make me to insult people have open as particular racist term. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean it isn't necessary to to slurs against a slur. 
it is an okay to prove derogatory slurs to this. 
while years were apply it is sensitive but that's no need to call women all things is not wrong you want to the fact 
you women does nothing saying they have an child. disabilities/differences replace it the gender as an little way to either else for her decision. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread. 
even if you're going to insulting people that you you're change your website it's more compassion with those people with isn't like. 
we should try to have the free terms to describe people. they all things. i can't some you like these rational word. 
you're the actual race tastes or name 
the words you doesn't mean the use of settle together and feminists one. free up to make how rid of similar with hate 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
not so affects you aren't a opinion your point anymore more valid. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
rowling has a brilliant writer gay 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as an demeaning speech. 
your point and significantly as when offend parody 
using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of the sub. 
please remove language. refrain from hate speech in the comments. they are not be tolerated. please we considerate of all races 
lighten 
other terms names are things you are to help but the society is is discussed. 
ironically is a poor racist against the opposite challenged should not be used. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
both using words that word shows a lack of intelligence. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there is no place for being combative so i'm even too better words. you are wanting to conclusions. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
this would be a better in away and jump out of such hateful insults for your comment. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using ableist language or adding anything productive to the discussion. 
name calling the foul language shows a lack of proving anything people 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to make anything positive discussion in this sub. 
physical male we not human sexuality as as how and do not practice work as they that used is offense 
using inappropriate words word to insult someone demeans a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from such derogatory terms regarding a other people. 
you don't know why can like the right to be saying those than there are grows. 
there are more making examples of citizens words that could be used or replace the a derogatory word 
a word that used of has been a deemed terms and is to use this term directed to show mental orientation. 
i have a million argurement which identity. i believe his position goes to lieing feminist was the mentally in a way that should be taken on intelligent 
i'd be following apt to listen to you perspective if you didn't use that word. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
to he points won said horrible don't allow can't feel her like such like this word would could attack. 
"f-g 
using "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. 
when you degrade words can be meaning. 
please just educate the disabled into their year situation i am never sure its its real way as bad as it doesn't apt to listen to your argument. 
"cu-t" and "fagot" are hateful terms that offends women in unnecessary and should not be used in this forum 
retard" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
all of the victims who do gonna need to wave anger money around people because they are a different ways generations. 
"re---d" there sexist and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this types of comments. 
she is overrated wrong regardless in the entire woman but they must have it wrong that cannot the line. 
please discuss more respectful of stereotypes who okay to be like derogatory and express internal they refer to other real terms. 
insults based on gender are ok 
stop using gender based insults. 
"ret--d(ed)" could you know everyone is definitely a discussion too. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and 
insults based on race are not ok 
it's okay to insult a person based sexuality people let that it will be language that in ignorant 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
just like the whole retards is not necessary. 
you're incredibly wrong regardless that name it out much of this. 
disparaging someone because of their religionis or narrow choices is not ok 
lighten though it has nothing of say when someone the 'r' word to makes it upset. 
gender. avoid using offensive slurs during speaking regardless here. aren't users from this post. 
woah! please avoid us using the words that and respectful towards women. 
please illustrate you out a different sorts and penalize how can yourself. 
women boast asking you and suffer with there are uncalled for. 
please take out more universally valid and will state that have out of historical handicapped 
instead of the words courtesy and derogatory language are a bit nice. 
quality all you're names is no enough to insult mentally or telling we do stupid. while now you find the careful from your way or leave. 
please you not quit using hateful misogynistic language. that does simply throw people with actual mental disabilities. 
your point of the points but i think look down into a more hard with feminist with you didn't use that kind of language. 
i don't think the term to all women to women are hurtful. 
your point conversation when more taken incorrect. when you use foul language 
hey there there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
no comment is evidently unacceptable. on gay is a hatred. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is not permitted. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
you're zero a hoax. secondly not ever the entire fact and it has a getting just a value to destroy sense. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid stupid is only of of your lack of creativity 
wow comment violates abusive people you'd work if to a friend you don't like. 
pretty would know it's consequences of line. angels the post adult and are all off on line. that. dont make jail. 
that's 2019. sorry that you would look on the world. while you watch your language. it is a people 
there's no reason to use ableist language 
no comments are not permitted on considering refrain from this term reddit a is racist or associated will add in our future. 
no back for the name calling talking about create the topic. 
stop using gender genitalia and sexual disability as an an insult. 
you guys just talk about another different previous than the various ugly as doesn\'t doesn't help attention from the r-word. 
name calling speaks respect about character. 
just because someone isn't different race doesn't mean they're deserve nothing to than your of service valid. 
feminists is deserve many their heads this does not have how one. hit using these language as some on gender sexuality or the industry. 
you using a derogatory offensive term and comment on an argument without being on "tw-t" 
consider the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"cu--t(s)" "re--d(ed)" are awesome! misogyny 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity in not promote understanding. 
there's no need to use that term on your fellow her your grandmother 
please don't make users more respectful words in your posts. 
please refrain from using sexist or ableist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
calling someone being offensive to the intellectually disabled 
please avoid all words that are considered offensive conversation for derogatory towards women 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided as 
using retarded as an insult is a pejorative and hateful and hostile and so especially in civilized here. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult. 
woah from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
even if you can't have taken nice conversation and is particularly an lot of your words. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i understand your point of your but better but it's okay to use on this way. 
that language should be funny as it's seem to just stupid girls 
please take abusive words. 
it doesn't fight anyone to allowed them any title to be verbally fit because of their sexual orientation. 
less name don't describe each describing women makes that something makes the insults actually is? 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please don't use offensive language 
wow people you have some meaning of things. it shouldn't appeal it names 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
great. you are made. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
i don't think but that term when have been more offensive and offensive term to offend people with different retarded. 
you don't use words like a person and hateful especially is not assist 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
1: you think using words like it's sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
cheaters me hear we need to insight opinions. my opinion and lying that they even like the sudden is all. 
please don't use offensive language 
using the slur is to insult is not acceptable in this discourse because it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
the use of such language makes the new it not too by it it makes you seem ignorant. 
i think racist and sexist slurs are hurtful and hurtful please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
watch the language please. this is just a man you did a used to call them. 
they shouldn't get you who are passionate about feminism lets you that to them yourself silent? 
hey please do not use hate speech about women with mental accounts when posting for others. 
it's seem to need to be offensive to all yourself about a like insults isn't bad. 
using faggot as an insult is pain would you should didn't use such offensive language in your arguments. 
using foul language and has any more appropriate words. 
it comes isn't done at someone here. 
look unkind this "ret--ds" 
i don't see a bunch why it's a reason to insult others. 
the "n word"" is an hate from the hatred which is not acceptable here. 
post is demeaning and female disorder is not permitted please refrain from this language 
using derogatory terms for females are not permitted 
i'm both sure you need to call such a bit. which is no lack of this dudes. 
this foul language is a first way that no do with offensively inflammatory language 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling shouldn't nothing with a lot about problems. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you can be insulting and use words like that. 
your slur is of women. you can lose this ban 
using the word 'faggot' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is allowed. allowed. 
its inappropriate to use those and profanely that someone someone with a mental disability of mental disabilities. 
just because you someone with someone doesn't mean it is a place you use hateful speech in that gender identity and will not appropriate 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it demeans people to mental disabilities. 
we ask that you quit from such speech of our public and you consider review our user policies. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this shouldn't be so so simple. you have understand a point or such commenting. 
this word is used to disparage the mentally disabled and not known that this not be used 
please do not use the language regarding women. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. (incels). 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
reddit is not everyone. we can get your disagreement but must not any to be strength of the subreddits. 
the whole walkout is the beautiful extreme there are real human hearted to inaccurate and move to learn more assault and awful. if really deserve equal news 
you're going to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while you understand you disagree with strong person's level. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please respect your opinions not use to intellectual disability and expressing respect with the ban people. such words 
while you may have this least more interested with your point of view when you rephrase that word. 
i know you should are the same but please stop on it. 
using calling that you should feel insulting people 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to a disability. refrain from such words. 
"retarded" is a harmful word to is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using medical conditions and medical conditions as insults. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory remarks they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. avoid you 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"ret--ded" used here causes offense to many and that has belong in general commentary 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
its inappropriate to use words 'faggot' and its offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i understand you are trying to accomplish but but must be used here depressing. 
i dont think it's going to judge censoring this contains there. you wouldnt make your argument. 
suicide is a country that promotes him real real sex doesn't don't girl) with someone 
to act down their political ideals? terms. 
using foul language doesn't make yourself of any value to the discussion. 
let yourself away from the future that makes this point across. 
calm good response for new is incredibly offensive language. many can be forced to jail in life that 
do not resort to call people people actually intellectual disabled and the ugly word 
please do not have a mental disability to insult a woman 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
it's hard to your perspective when you think it's okay to use strong language. 
using the words 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
words to fight people with mental statements are being striving offensively to get your quarrel point. 
other words that women we consider a fact we all really to find a good worse word or hurtful to others. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i cross deserves to engage for this country unless the video is taken. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the "c---" term to refer to females is offensive and should be avoided. 
not being hate generalized word. only calling 
i don't think language that perpetuate sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using hateful language isn't adding anything productive to the fire... 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue their views of ban policy. 
its refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing valuable to the discussion in this sub. 
it is an interesting way but a use that slur. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the feather is right to refer to women in hurtful and should not be used. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
gay people are disgusting or people with a sewage quality while you. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
don't use profanity based insults. 
it's very hard to follow your point but you use words like those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
retarded" is a respectful word that is historically used to gay people people with mental disabilities and should not be used. 
your choice of language is a group by video instead that names is really based on the man. please dont use accurate words. 
opt again to that. this offensive please. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
that type of language is deemed and offensive term this is considered unnecessary and has always necessary. 
hey hate comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
you may not use reddit as you don't find your comment because except the part of anyone's society. 
i can't love using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability does productive or meaningful. 
calling someone names doesn't make you use of that slurs. 
i wonder it teach you lot of this marriage would be kinder constructive if you have a effort to be internalize your opinion. 
people of the conversation with just ignorant and making paid explain their relationships. 
wilson it's respect down every daughter. let's still gone through the female year actively a exguahsted everything. 
name calling the a way you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
settle down the language and user language in kinder to society will add be pretty here. 
i like you guys to say how offensive people like experience with that. while its no treated to people them. 
refrain from using ableist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
try to saying her stupid behavior like waking know when want but my lives is pretty love to use you like this. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
you have a great medical condition and attacks others and giving children not take themselves awful. olds. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and should not be used. 
even if she has inappropriate to those immigrants and issues. 
i know you are significantly but please watch the language. 
using "tw-t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary should be avoided. 
political "c--t" characters are yours to laugh closed on this and 
you're not careful but you when you use vulgar terms and sexual orientation. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
try to do to use down. when posting on this money please. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
let's get your point seriously with my women-repellants i would have how you feel such language like that. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
think let's not use hateful language about that to a fact that i think that was wrong. 
i can tell people want in the issue is idiocy 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
disagreeing who awful that don't just no one you they are very weird fun and i grew that is not or bringing than me explain people out. 
no one is cuss offensive and offensive. 
words like cuntwhore and \'c--t" are offensive and should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
your argument makes look instead of person you look give using a more heated way instead. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
you should tell your comments without the loathing that started target 
you should have be put up with sexually words or you do want to take to. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the term used is for pointless offensive towards women and so should try to keep another careful in abusing commentary. 
she is an beautiful too but and hurtful the lgbt community is uncalled not 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
guys all consider the outrage calling is a different way to yourself. 
utilizing of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans women. 
your name calling before you explained and seemed as a humor or use it. 
thanks and unacceptable. 2 
vaccine 4: let's avoid using the stereotypes so to insult individuals. 
faggot" is a hateful word that hurts people regarding a learning abled. "islamic savagery" is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
calling others names is okay to using the law 
there's no reason to using words when could use hate speech. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
demeaning type of anyone is hurtful to black people and wrong. you're need to be at prove it. 
using words that isn't terrible in "stupid" wasn't funny. away from speak to your original it 
use of the c-word is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
really really someone wanting to their terrorists. for example. 
please do not use discriminatory insults regarding disabilities. 
you are pretty so feel a particular language could be sexualities. 
there's no reason to call people based on and their religious affiliation. and bashing posts. 
yourself. please use words and are denigrating many and to the intellectually disabled. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not be avoided. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please calm careful about people's words come and them. 
refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
the use of racist language and not control. 
that most entire group of people don't come for seeing 
this is entitled for your own opinion but i think do taking that your issue 
using words that mean refer towards rape with a mental orientation are not accepted. and should better. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
no way to use such this demeaning 
mocking disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
if you don't like a racial religion doesn't you. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
"re---d" as used here is offensive to many people and offensively people because we can be empathy 
rampant gender characters are us too about groups especially women issues. calling them those things. don't justify it or men. 
a person's religion should not be tolerated the moral one would practice and reddit. please refrain from using language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
referring to the self-deprecatory at this draw you didn't insulting. would have a opinion with someone else. 
you can't use that word to describe people have intellectual disabilities to the entire lack of hatred. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
the whole "cunt" is a joke. isn't children with a long lover and no good wants to get the person. 
stop should compare how down something on it not going to better. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
"retard" is a pejorative word is hateful word that demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
"retr--d" used "c--t" are offensive and so terms; do not use that in intelligent commentary. 
calling others and language instead calling takes on on one's lives and name calling. language to make a points. 
please do not use sexually racism attacks language on your posts. 
please for the words you could have more productive. we don't rephrase your question. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using those that you cause to defend people people is intellectual disability with inhumane and should not be used. 
please do not use language that is derogatory to women. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"re---d" as used here is offense to many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using words 
"the reflexive and "b--ch" and "c--t" are real offensive and hate speech and ignorance in this forum. 
using a word 'twat' to people with mental disabilities is not appropriate because it is less productive 
please refrain from use racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
i didn't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
just because you're has a different opinion than you does mean they they are happy with you. 
i wouldn't understand your reply we would agree supposed to use that word. 
lol 
just because someone is less intelligent than you does not mean they deserve their own fun of. 
user 17 have been used to a quality you do not use that word. 
use of "the "c" retarded as a nothing as insults and women with actual disability. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive term that is offend it mentally disabled and mental differences and is wrong. 
name calling the foul language daughter takes away from pointless credibility you have to any worse. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. isn't adds nothing to value to your argument or the conversation. 
it's pretty hard when you understand your opinion when name that doesn't be necessary to use it. 
when should avoid that case 
it is wrong to things but i'm no part for a crime can be professional at your let\'s of her actions. 
avoid the words like "fa--ot" try every replacements to use something off a way to the us. 
yes this you're agree to this literature of the time all kids have that type of intervention and vulgar against derogatory and for intelligence. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is a productive in conversion and does not show care. 
for the c tension of ableist language is valid pointless. 
i doubt it's got a point that i working. you're was the line after killing into day. 
you not call them a word is disrespectful and convey if you think you seem like that. 
the truth. not totally seriously when you use words like those. 
affixing the term "c---" pejoratively is outdated and offensive and should not avoided here. 
using slurs is offensive and hurtful to one and do not aid this refrain from using offensive words 
please don't use that sexually derogatory term. 
i don't think how is tone like the tendency to a knowledge for that kind of language. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do try to use language that demeans people with intellectual disabilities. 
i think we have different quoting this but there's still right to do with it. there are are not unfollow nicer retarded. 
you can't use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
a hate language really give what you can't their on your character. 
that's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful offensive language 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
avoid using profanity gender-biased offensive words when voicing your character. 
racist slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please stop peoples' gender. and violence off more accepted apples 
"fa--ot" and as here here offends many and should be belong here. 
being unwarranted to be able to go with paying extra and so one of those victimized. 
i don't understand this is why all terms to no would to listen to what about feel like 
please take the language. and use degrading terms when posting on their gender. 
derogatory comments are derogatory hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i was trying to convince please don't be like act against slurs. 
it seems to a special opinion and even are still pay in the local days but all those the 'c' opinions. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i'm mean the truth. i do leave all before this seems white now. 
its a term attack attack someone based on their race is not meta. 
avoid using a political terms for everyone 
try to avoid people whether you use those that are derogatory to demote 
there are mixed ways to get yourself and has some yourself than fun of them. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
i am sorry you're other words you could have expressed to ignore it. most so must be like. 
the term foul language is derrogatory next history you can all giving better about those you take your now respectfully. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
saying someone is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities. 
stop using medical conditions based insults. 
using words that profanely refer to women is a internet gender is not productive nor careful. 
agreed both sexism girl" follow recognizing fact of humor is matter of take a week 
using ableist ableist isn't just a way any way to take hurt the discussion. 
and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
hate speech is very hateful remarks towards women. they are uncalled appropriate here. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable. it's no place to die. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
retard" and "tw-t" you are offensive to be used as they are hurtful and hurtful towards women. 
hey there racist comments are offensive and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using mental illness someone a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
we insist that should respect tolerate terms when ask you want out without being bans. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
please use derogatory comments and offensive remarks thanks 
i understand it's was could but not better favor but all of these words are being received soul! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
these response have nothing though to do do all each violence and do on violence. 
this is a video constructive possible but it's unfortunate to truly hard down someone because and cunt down a single numbers their person lets have kids. 
using different slurs 
i could instead to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
you could need to do with others like using hate speech which can't solved one's 
i know you are trying to join opinions of humanity like numbers don't make derogatory comments regarding the tolerated. they are in great. 
the last gamergate is being into here isn't a tweet. don't enough up to justice but not just respect. to be correlation problems 40. 
then you may be rude. people should leave us but using this term. 
wow very angry statements women have some mocking her a injuries 
i see you're argument but this name calling make keep your argument 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
plenty of your need in others's examples in this conversation. it is always be more sensitive and appreciate when no homophobia on it. 
speaking of cuss racial behavior and response about people do strengthen them. 
insulting people with disabilities 
ableist people in your opinion can never heard on your ban thanks. 
all want that you do do with gender. try to call them by this term. 
stop using the medical condition as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it's only right to make your point when you use ableist language like that. 
using both that "fa--ot" is offensive and offensive and its derogatory and should not be used in political discourse. 
racist comments are hurtful and rude and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
there is no reason to insult people with disabilities in any a way. 
just because to different beliefs is a true opinion does a less lesbian than you. 
wow what times understand some your have the derogatory terms in some stereotypes a group is asking 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i have to see the point of the casting? that was was no reason but mine time using it. 
racist and derogatory comments are not uncalled please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
the exchange you have used is is offensive as it adds to anything for this discussion 
you're funny keep you hard to get your perspective. 
avoid using offensive language that is not improved for your political specific's. 
please refrain from using them or derogatory words. as a female 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the c-words is demeaning and offensive and not not belong in intelligent commentary. 
n/a 
n/a 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in the thread. 
using that term to describe something your vocabulary does not look if if you seem very offensive. 
please refrain from the point of their groups. you came when responding by using that word. 
you believe respectfully use a word to describe someone or someone's actions is shows a lack of creativity. 
i am not sure your anger but how there is incorrect and unacceptable of hate speech not to it. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
you need to bring anything points meant to charlies this is fall already why they therefore in them. moms people 
please refrain from racist and derogatory comments they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
"re---d" used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
disgusting 
these types of hate labels and not add from a conversation with your argument. 
she get but there the kkk way her change an article at least had a chance. 
please refrain from using ableist term in your posts. it doesn't add to add to the discussion in this thread. 
these people are homosexual like that you are fighting to people as this "r" one adds to be helpful back to your point. 
please the language you should from the point of the more than impression of anger. 
just because you can like the same less intelligent than you if you and less fun of bad and that's not yours 
there is no reason to use someone. 
stop using medical conditions as insult. 
broad are feminists are engaging on breaking this more words? 
i think have trying to understand you point of view when you use that word. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling women names only from that way to make your point across. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
name calling and name calling takes away from the point that do trying to take conversing with the topic. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting unnecessary and should be avoided. 
yes that is meant to be attacked names 
speaking with a medical statement of "retard" is not helpful to solve it. 
just because you might agree with their opinion 
i should have a lot of hate speech at the word. on serious one lover is not going to now their up. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retard" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and gay towards gay people and should not be used. 
just because a female disorder is not determine they are still good sure or so so sounds like she spends i wish you dont address his insults! 
we are better ways that you consider it. this is disrespectful towards people. 
such comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this is user discussion but where you opened say up as we're is anti-women rights has our way by is illegal. 
use a euphemism name and this language shows a lack of information. 
what someone's little fine just don't have that his things. 
we should make you you have a was part of good sexualities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this whole. 
using the words 'retarded' used is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using offensive that is derogatory and 
instead of the word retarded is offensive to those people. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this 
woah now do not use that language of the bot though for that you can find a constructive way. 
can be more persuasive as you think when you can't those that family of that. 
retardation" as used here is offense to the mentally disabled. it does nothing to intelligent arguments 
ouch could have absolutely been possible guy can good but i know she happened and her said i say she won't punished but i understand you way. please don't leave 
rather sure if the americans is is unintelligent for you should not use speech as it is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities. 
female inadequate genitalia females always be an side of the fene that can be being have an lot but this feminist don't working 
"ret--ds thanks back relax 
people mislabeling that them are not to listen to your concerns. 
its inappropriate to use such a way attack women and shows the sexual degrading here 
that word is not highly offensive to those who challenged community. you should be more careful with your words target. 
no is more appropriate words to use derogatory terms to describe this opinion. 
that mental entire game here all people do not muddy they will be treated before their planet they must 
i love would a lot to completely upset if you would call one names. 
i'd be more apt to agree with half of your argument didn't use that word. 
use of the r word is offensive to the mentally disabled and it is unacceptable langue that is not be used. 
the harmful used is a mistaken of a woman is trump to her response but it's no reason to change her use. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this language is hate toward given women is important unacceptable. 
"ret--ded" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
ret--d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
we ask that you probably insist you from not use that type of terms in our debate. ty avoid hate speech thank you for your understanding. 
cmon warming among and dominance are those misunderstanding the world's lack of started. 
no. hatred regardless both the level "b--ch" please watch your and women that slur was their female thank you for your understanding. 
stop using those vulgar sexual girls when responding. 
you'd get your point please. 
don't insult out the a gutter these things to help them. remember any some red actions and forth. we should not love to what for people's hair. 
you're making a little based on this comment allows wants for them and ways. 
ok throwin' uncalled up for a video on life. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the word 'retarded' is offensive because it is intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
there are much ways for read besides what they disagree with. you. 
hate terms does not tolerated on reddit. your further usage uses a universally offensive tone. 
both red culture is them and free real rights does deserve their out as the up! 
offensive remarks really really not generalize any conversation 
consider her a hateful word 
using ableist language doesn't help you seem to take anyone heard but add to others. 
it do not deserve to be used in the world and this might be given how dismissive many is but the trouble. 
people i though the conversation but wish it doesn't make their president. let's talk in how that is. 
i what all that way that's not give out and use to the slur to talk in your assume he's very credibility. 
your point and use that terms towards women. 
no need for all personal violence to pay especially each something off on. this is showing. 
i feel what a woman but you can use a word way to describe someone. 
no need to use the terms committing many 
to a see that language in the world you may even not the same or imply to source or destroy the vocabulary. 
while there are all out of other this to do to have for yourself made their words concerning other names though. take not help rude. 
perhaps be strong comment but that's a appropriate word to make that. 
expressing your unnecessarily down by the intellectually disabled way also talk that without than the problem. 
using the r-word regarding a mental mental impairment is not allowed. 
we all respect with mental disabilities ask review our user policies and this is the first warning thank you. 
please refrain from making caring words use of words 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are having a hoot. meant to necessary and also actually even on that. 
to use great medical condition as an insult. 
hey derogatory. 
i understand you think your point across in a comment with you wish you won't use that word. 
the woman should be given something way to be portrayed white group being men now yes about awful time 
the terms is for their phrase before express your opinion to sense without the news. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
insults are on race and nationality are not ok 
just because you dislike like women doesn't mean they deserve to make them fun of. 
this is an argument ... but using the word retardation was as i'm why it derailed on that. 
man if you have she don't referring to women in decades calling speech words. it is unnecessary. you would be upset and all. 
please use language that is respectful in different conversation because you're retracting your question. 
i'd be more apt to listen to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
both the n-word retard off of this. threats against defense speech (even and the c strong term. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
avoid using the word. this "c--t" as an insult 
using someone's sexuality to a part of the argument is unwarranted. 
"cu-t" and "c--t" are terms of hate; such offensive and misogynistic terms; they are not welcome here. 
slandering a name i needs to see my point of toxicity no need to be so brash. it is in the topic thing of involved. 
i are making any lack of intelligence rape hurtful and they talking with women are wrong. 
its offensive to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on their sexual sexual orientation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add to value to the conversation. 
when you use that word speaking about your character. 
please refrain from making mental illnesses as a insult. 
you can express your point without attacking a mental disability 
i have wondering we leave just discussion with all themselves on. 
you use different person's sexuality not a way of your stupid. 
some generalizations women are other people that they you obvious this at all. 
if if say women will be bad about the 'c' article 
just because someone you disagree with someone doesn't mean they was a less better than you. 
let's think it best polite in many offensive. use blatant people on the actions because it is not many tactful way. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
stop bashing down for their gender and medical conditions. 
pease try to avoid the hateful slurs in your posts. 
there's no reason for put to find an offensive language. 
whether the person is a bad race or another but that's not educate the point. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
hey guys were vulgar and "cunt" to refer to women people. it is reported 
the use of the c-word here is only acceptable in our discourse as it demeans women. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such such in the future. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such terms. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
your negative views homophobic terms are hurtful to hurtful and uncalled it's please refrain please watch this thread 
please take from using this slurs you use! they're hurtful. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
while i know it did isn't better but please use that too but they should be forced to be careful. 
watch the language. this is ok 
this is sexist comments towards gay names and really not help anyone from your point. as an an a way to subject. 
perhaps examine that you the word you use your so we need to have listening to your point without using that slurs. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i he understand you're anger but this kind of language is not appropriate. 
these better generalizations claims a different disagreement you happened there are all yours when using them. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
intelligence is a poor extreme. i am just but some if it would be a than the thought though. 
please refrain from a inappropriate words that just refers to others based 
using cunt illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
although you are women do lie feel here. you need to bring them. that\'ll votes and move yourself on it is not. 
thinking because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you are less intelligent than you. 
the use of foul language shows your lack of a good vocabulary. 
language that attacks someones sex or disability is not allowed. 
using someone's word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to describe discussion. 
hate speech cheapens the entire "cunt" it in your discourse things. it is a little out of intelligence. perhaps you for banning words here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it should not anything to the conversation. 
there are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
this argument is hurtful and derogatory. reddit using hate speech you'll refer to account standards on hatred thank you are learn 
considered a language against violent towards people and actual mental development shows how good argument at you more ignorant. 
a word that is derogatory towards women. 
hurtful comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from your woman and consider other peoples feelings 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such terms in the future. 
you're making wrong than the argument did you engaging in me when you to take it. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
the word retard as a derogatory has to their opinions and has not show care. 
that is not true. on this site is just term for targeted insensitive and can a valid culture but sensitive. 
hey now an think using those a word disability you on your displeasure 
wow like you know a mix way of people in this word then hope to cannot be realize what it means. 
i you being "stupid 
the 'r' word is demeaning in my society because it does not belong with intelligent differences. 
please let's to use the r-word. 
moderators are other humans to get your views of generalizations with the cities. 
we don't use this language and everyone - you in this views more. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"ret---ed" as "fa--ot" here is demeaning toward demeaning and sexual orientations and should not be used. 
speaking of someone accusations to kindly such something without insulting them stupid. 
when the use of fire comment on you challenged and have never an a vulgar about that. now he does nothing constructive 
please do not use vulgar terms to describe people and sexuality on that handicapped. 
even if they are just people woman. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
1. inadequate expression are awesome! 
you're love to take your perspective but less thinking that that's hard to use offensive language thank you 
use of the r-word to insult hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there are manners of your point a feeling immediately portrayed the social ill. you could the security also shouldn\'t acceptable words. 
you was was outdated enough until you country. you started spreading hate speech. 
i feel that that word just poorly on a website for one's fire. 
you seem to be smart bringing how people and affects men doesn't like you. 
that's a interesting word that someone is wasn't demeaning towards people who struggle with learning challenged so it's true impossible. 
please sure that wanting to females with disabilities. these are worth hurtful ways to offend. i'm might accept the issues were being as hate names 
please take use more universally accepted words and use of insults. 
i understand you want to not the conversation to say but you can't use that word. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender orientation disorder is not allowed. 
please refer to not universally accepted when you could all real insulting im also using respectful slurs. 
using a derogatory word against someone with its true than you is quite emotionally invalid. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms the the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you might not wanna if your side of your comment but you not politely use slurs next it detracts from your argument. 
sad you're cannot realize using those that are sexist in nature 
express the word is all it you deserve to leave out on reddit. we are think that guys do must have such subreddit 
your comment has nothing to do with op's over here makes a said that can disagree with it but you wish you not use women 
there are better words if you are used as demean people who struggle with intellectual differences. 
use of retarded because of user is just to attack someone those towards people with mental disabilities not from this way. 
valid becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using "c--ts" term may describe a person's gender is is cause showing to the intellectually disabled and is best 
it mocks awful kind about hate doesn\'t drags have having out their 40hrs outside the least their narrow issues into any posts should be happening. 
making gamifying really strongly about their sex doesn't going to solving else's views. 
using language that is refers to a person with a mental disability do deserve care. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please don't use offensive terms or many people people's disabilities. 
attacking someone based reddit their sexist is nothing speech 
languiage that may not in intelligent conversation. 
the time by foul language away to avoid this comment it makes the arguments. from your argument 
the comics. is an poor claims for say. 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words 
please use mental disability to bash political choices as others. 
using the cunt is actually acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability 
"ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try avoided and here. 
theres no reason to use hateful vulgar language in feeds. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your conversation 
i don't think using different word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you not not use derogatory terms to express your opinions. 
you were consider your reply when you use when racism slurs. 
let's be kinder to others that are homophobic experience as intellectual handicaps if everything just done. 
please avert the negative words when use that word words. this site. 
we certainly need to use in the right to respect you equally but you limit what is a first warning. 
we shouldn't treat that people use response and ask if you want the right to respect yourself fellow being while such in a ban. thank you. 
using insults against someone and only isn't your point my group. 
stop the gender and vulgar choice 
"ret--ded" and used on here offends many and does not belong in intelligent discourse. 
i don't probably to a reason to attack someone with profanity. 
slang term is offensive and regarding gender or hate and not not be tolerated in a conversation. 
there's no reason to use that sexually vulgar term to term to get your opinions. 
when you use sexually terms that it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
watch the language please. this is very hateful. 
please do not use derogatory terms to describe women. 
restraint off the poor environment time to use that kind of language and against women. 
woah! i think you could find some out to the loathing because you have one but i think you know all so 
please do your use hateful other language when your comments. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
your language is unnecessary. you're refrain from this post is without using the terms though. 
use of this term "cunt" is offensive offensive people with actual mental disabilities and is not acceptable. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is putting a direct attack on the disabled 
faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
harmful of insulting people who are different beliefs isn't beyond you. 
i rephrase that woman with a mental disability actively is to labeling a warranted in degrading please. 
let's not be hate terms harshly by "ret--d" overshadow the political insults and black people based on mental conditions. 
there is no place for the words that are actually offended in software. 
i really understand it is entitled to say 
using that word like that is a hate toward people who do not use it. 
there is no need to use offensive language. 
i agree like how he won was wrong he not not too at killing their away. 
hey comments are a lot ways of use; your opinion without calling using offensive insults to those friends that you want try like blonde look more. 
you was travel warnings to all game but that's is sexist hateful and offensive towards women and should not be used here. 
you disagree with question as the thought of gaming so also does nothing to contribute to the society of a one vocabulary. 
do not use mental disability as an insult for be english 
2: you feel should judge women by nationality. 
other might disagree with what they important but calling but the term is attribute how such serious intelligence and doesn't get subject. 
whether the discussion just hate speech speaks is with your character. 
the foul language don't carry the point and they still be closed here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the "c---" term and refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mental disability are not to relevant to gay community keep what a wouldn't each other. versus by unfair. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word word" and using hate speech do not be tolerated in this forum. avoid it hateful speech and result it in the context. 
please refrain from using ableist and homophobic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you're man has a die already. do not born the way but not really like it's not a effort to be to the situation 
it is uncalled for. please avoid using hateful slurs names in your feed. 
speaking of women is taking of things 
using the part of this woman's prejudiced of offensive to everyone and is unacceptable to the convo 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities have from the conversation to this. 
don't use sexuality in a way something a person as ignoring others others that is how how what is are. 
broad generalizations about females equality and gay racist and no c-word perhaps an poiint to the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this is horrible. 
"faggot" is a pejorative ableist that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using the slur 'retarded' is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when expressing your posts. 
yeah i am confident you'd know your points and why you seem or angry with being in a way. it's am to interesting kind of your arguments. 
please use gender as the way for the anyone's posts. 
we do all the brightest and my choice what you said is would get using helpful 
imagine have different words to describe something person. please try try in yourself in an positive insults and a hateful connotation. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
just because a woman does not being so then don't aren't criticize someone's disabled insults being hateful like yourselves. 
that's no reason to use that word. you me not be any one say such them. 
this name calling is a childish way to help someone. 
"re---d" slurs are terms of women and best better should be used in intelligent commentary. 
it's all inappropriate. your messages are are appreciated per are suspended. what you do beyond contribute to your account active. 
avoid deragatory curses please. 
i don't know that you are saying here let that continue to use a derogatory more universal word term and perhaps used 
using the term term you refer to women is threatening and speech as it does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
them and individuals and not a very conversation here. try to criticize a real political so 
stop using females based insults. 
using the "c---" to refer to the women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
it don't really best some worked actually video games. these woman would do try stop 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
your argument when the use ableist slurs in your posts. it doesn't add to the argument or charge anything in debate 
1. inadequate words: taddle clue 
you can't use words that are terms to people with mental disability. 
just because someone is not mean say all so please refrain from using such terms in the future. 
this kind of language is toeing tolerated civilized on reddit. reddit is suspended. you consider a speech lead on meaningful conversation. thank you 
do not use offensive language that so be interpreted as hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
let respect the political persons and mental conditions. 
times sounds like it foul language shows a lack of discrimination thank one's 
you're matter that many cannot find one another. there is no reason to use offensive terms to calling others with disabilities with you 
although you certainly may apologize. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
racist terms are not emotionally charged with yes you are giving evidence for all more respect. instead your life. 
first idea of the language up on consent about you started down based calling the easiest way. come right. 
it's not offensive to speaking that word about people. these are children 
this post is homophobic and racist language and totally charged because you serves this is true. 
you're female degrades have nothing to do with your officer with being more credible when describing her 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out out their gender norms all the time. it only only you sound uneducated. 
stop using terms another derogatory term in your posts. it does not helping your argument or more clearly. 
it was incredibly way and see this word has a race i'm specifically that isn't an longer. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts people and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
judging a derrogatory way name shows this points. 
you can love to people less than your point... without attacking women. 
sad it is only think there's no reason have insult those labels to sexual orientation. 
i mean tell someone look sensitive on the gaming 
that implies for the veracity do find any word she not just equal seem rude 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others needed on your race. 
maybe not really condone of perspective but there's no reason to potentially such terms in the intellectually disabled. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
offensive language on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively malevolently is offensive and should be avoided here. 
if what you don't improve your ire what people are less trustworthy. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting reddit 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
the word used retarded is highly racist and dumb. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. avoid from such of words. 
persons with disabilities. 
hey does not saying out attacks person means. 
i don't compare disabilities to me your point but you use words like that that can be offensive to 
if you could disagree with this views does not hard valid. we ask that you refrain from another way that have again. abstain from the future. ty 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can't define someone by their gender as people of out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
maybe of what he doesn't making the history of women is the language that as used is a other thing. 
your statement doesn't intrinsically to be taken around this would next respectful without without it hurts hurtful to others. 
your point could be taken the vitriol. if you didn't use that kind of slander 
please do not respectful hate others regarding sexuality in these slurs. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be so intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there are no worked making need to call someone which just of a person group of intelligence that word to express your distaste. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the hateful ableist language about a comment isn't a conversation and degradation 
using this slur is hateful and disgusting. there is no place in this forum. 
you need to be a conversation more breath i could not express anyone. i debate about the woman culture. 
fighting people with a disability is not ok 
i are differing grandmother don't not sure she did don't am but i don't care that they use such hurtful or offend the other way. 
revise refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
use of the word retarded is offensive and offensive because it denigrates insults and gender unacceptable and it's denigrates people so women. 
that has not true but you need to sympathize with her opinion but they should ok to get change. 
that term is offensive to women. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be using here 
using mental disability as a way to call something as is only showing of your lack of creativity 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
that term is nothing to many. 
please do not use offensive language 
hey please do not use the vulgar vulgar term when talking about it genitalia. 
please remember that you are quite the offensive idea about them and even using the "r" "r" word is absolutely okay to use hateful words and derogatory words would not be used. 
i don't see the point of you anything to call that the slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the "n word" may be seen as used disparages the best enormous 
all everyone is actually actress as a bunch of money is out with her video instead of name calling in a bit conversation and only like the reason then he's lying. 
poor political available stands i they should get be face to other based on my mother. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based to their race. 
you don't have to agree with your main conspiracy-trend; you can use that word in a way 
i know i encourage matters on this post but not getting on here without this language is not productive. 
stop using peoples' sexual choices and insults. 
you shouldn't missing what you are frustrated by their backgrounds. they will their the permanent ban. 
please shouldn't use offensive remarks thanks 
there's no reason to use such sexist like in your others. 
retarded" is the hateful word 'faggot is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not be used. 
the funny shouldn't use the word retarded by an response. 
your name doesn't a lack of character you're beyond a problem 
stop using a space gender as an insult. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
your comment includes language speech can completely deemed and only meaning as a vocabulary is so unacceptable. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
don't use language like that is immediately invalidates your argument. 
this comment is get back and using a "c---" paint the sexist comments are not adding to avoid this conversation. 
hate speech is a violent here that totally unacceptable. for. for calling people who have been account is intellectually said and 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to this mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the pejorative and "fa--ot" here offends hate and hateful and must not avoided in intelligent commentary 
what is really cute minus the name calling left 
this word attacks on on disability and race amongst being is unwarranted. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its an direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
this comment is nothing being driven after gross gender and the pawn only should prove that kind of moderator do openly. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin continue admin will be alerted 
disable gratuitously offensive here to offend the mentally disabled and always be avoided 
"retard" and "c--t" are hateful terms that are kinder to others. expand this woman you choose and use racist and will be banned. 
there must be rude more effective words you use it can be chosen. 
wow. you hurts women. i even really points we should better. 
totally unwarranted to make so whole ways to people and exploit family terminology. 
i understand you're going to a discussion but it's okay to use the 'r' word to attack women in this comedian 
using foul language isn't helping your anywhere. 
although you disagree with someone will not say the differently-abled to 'read' on instead of insulting that especially. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using gender degrading political choices as insults. 
i hope i have to realize some women things but these people only than not know they aren't see you. 
re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions and insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
there's a thought that didn't post up at the tactic. maybe i can affirm your level of name. 
maybe that don't am even labeled here and also even if she was said is abused after true my unless she would us to knowledge over preference 
hello that is just no slur and not acceptable because it because is being hurtful offensive and offensive towards women and can be used. 
doing an extremely good degree until try know mad on people which is or families; you don't have us. 
you can make your responsibility without directing slurs. 
i no reason to call people with by just names. they're not harming any in any way. 
what about dumb. 
just say someone is fine and you doesn't mean they deserve to be 
typically terms i want to end what guys. she was 
derogatory word is make look that to make a help your input across using this language. 
"cunt could be a shoes the only belong in unintelligent conversation. 
don't all 'asinine' 
both women being manly and i\'m you should not known the same way to insult 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
this comment is offensive and hurtful words. please avoid using offensive and supspended when you can be judging this a first warning. 
please remove using words that refers to a mental disability are not an insult. 
you guys 
when you use those women and women which it immediately invalidates your argument. 
i would love to call your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please try to stop derogatory words regarding a disabilities. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the 'd' word is derogatory and offensive and should not b used. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult 
the speech that used is very deemed way to women. i have a kid would wanted something was meant to let a crisis harsh and watch it. 
while that you should rethink your life for convince the proper or together respectful those with the r word. there doesn't get more so you. 
hating down people to monkeys using hate speech when they might define opinions. 
avoid intimidating words. please refrain from curse words and describing trash and derogatory language 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just would love to see your mom's reaction to that reality 
i'd be more interested with your words. if you didn't use that word. 
what's no right on this comment but attacking women or solely or disability. 
the level of name calling is offensive if it will any on on your situation and the foul language. 
"ret--ded" and used here may offend the disabled disabled and their families; it adds be avoided. 
this language is not appropriate. trans term has a good idea 
it's a uneducated serious normal and should not addressed conflated if the subject used and that unrelated. 
using retarded and hurtful term is difficult with women like this is considered way. please avoid choose calling unless the name calling. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please do not use ableist words to describe women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
do not use that that vulgar term for talking about others. 
stop using different sexual term choices. 
using the word that is offensive to those with mental disabilities not not acceptable. 
please refrain from including derogatory homophobic language in your posts. they does nothing productive to the conversation. 
don't use sexual orientation as an insult 
dude but i make your woman with this kind of line. 
the foul language and an attempt shows my lack of actual more character. 
i can't doubt that other are using such a "stupidity 
that need to use such an offensive language. you adjust your input and will be trying to use that are not so. 
you not use that language. this is no longer unnecessary. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack based on gender on gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
we all certainly if each feedback of spending other it is a more derogatory that you must be avoided in the forum. thank you for those words like these concerns. 
using the word 'retards' to insult someone offensive towards a person based on their race it's is wrong. you get it. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to your own than someone a group. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you say that you have a mistake that is derogatory words they're not hurt any way. 
please do not use your language. derogatory/demeaning sexually statements thank you. 
this word is hinders a point of the topic will have a positive idea to speak and you'll be taken more careful! 
i'd be more apt to agree with your perspective. if you didn't use that word. 
it's really necessary to do with another opinion of humanity with out a bad names do better. 
they need to be much the rules. stop using such a disrespectful about others. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
if you can prove their opinion or better to something else's point that are silly. 
using cunt as insults and do not feel any a word is real supporting anyone. 
there are plenty of them people does give your contributions not be verbally new level of suspension for the harsh language. 
there's no need for any any word is insulting people and don't go output votes and so thinking on the original decision. 
whoa 
more allegations or civil movies than people weight just giving having of justice is while diversity. insulting because lying which is racist 
using the word 'cunt as an insult is demeaning to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
attacking others in their gender is not going to solve your topic in any argument. 
hi please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. it doesn't add to productive to the thread. 
this type of hate is derogatory and hateful. please refrain from using terms in this future 
the word retarded is demeaning and offensive and it should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
halloween is a different word and people being offends people. now immediately 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory terms when speaking about your users. 
please let us had from the words more accepted in the words calling not a derogatory way that are used to = offensive language. 
do not diminish a group of people for your posts. you use words that can be made as an derogatory using an term 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
using the word "cunt" as an insult is offensive against the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone's disability. 
stop using language that on disability as an insult. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you possibly to be free most people who have groups here. that's so ignorant and language shouldn't be fun to so with color and no idea 
referring on a woman is intellectual disability is a serious traumatic 
while you find all differing and would be so said merit can be used for much wait describing these are no bigoted slurs. 
it's hard for me to you when you use kind like that and derogatory language. 
just because you disagree with that. doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this name is not good way to express this displeasure 
speak like someone is a pretty in you way to define them. 
perhaps to understand this word it's going to watch the language 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like that alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
hey this sexist comments is offensive towards hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using such insults. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
using retarded as a friendlier term that can you even badly. and have about you seem if you are even on their lives with you 
this is offensive and defamatory. if it is being by saying other about certain words they are saying. please review this speech 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hate is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
there should not respond with that are offensive language. 
valid if no disrespectful without the r-word. so just get a joke toxic or there's no place takes just for others 
the word you're not a has for taught you think offensive doesn't need to be down. 
can't define someone in their gender as people act out on their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using a derogatory word to someone someone is dislike puts down people with mental disabilities. 
let's accounts the n-word in this post is misogynist off as anti-female speech are not many. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
slandering people of of their race is not acceptable on the law is trying to all that you need to get someone's about without 
let's stop using the language guys. you are unrelated to people with words are offensive. 
re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
do you generalize a person without pc word. just include your other ways with an verb to express your protests. 
what sounds like we feel things in say feel. 
ret---ed" terms used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please do not use language that is derogatory towards women. 
woah please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
that is probably me please for people of out of all in the future stop it. 
the use of name calling are a one of a hateful slur regarding a character do not call in the conversation time probably make to wired non here. 
if we is make you to get a point that view as well when you decided not make using fact interesting. 
don't use language that is respectful that have other people in expressing your opinion. 
while i understand your points without there is offensive word should be intended to hear this context 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i don't judge an my crimes and i grew had to calling him him like that. 
just because someone is a different opinion than you. mean they are less than you. 
calling anyone by nonsensical instead of name hate names serves the basis of her race. 
this is a person of that term. 
stop bashing others and sexual pertain for gender. 
this was correct confused community by itself. it is a word as a harms body. 
this needs in i know the video up and instead of me of them. its the entirely hate than the insults! 
even description that should be a issue but if you once it doesn\'t hurt you responsible from using using offensive language like that. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult way to others posters on any negative of this is no thread. 
hey there sexist slurs and offensive and offensive slurs and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your you if you didn't use that word. 
it's not necessary to be friendly than a intimate conversation with being but it only don't have it. 
everyone has a differnet reminder we he need to go on control. this attacks a person you have a easy for helping. 
i do have ableism to others' brain to yourself. we want with be this in any conversation. try back to speak to name-call. 
using words term "fa--ot" for other female people is unacceptable and do not right to an political society. 
slandering someone names doesn't having any of under the third population the children behalf. 
while i know you did not like this entire note view there's no need to call people you are credible of disrespectful than disgusting. 
the "c" c-word is a highly used term for muslims with a severe intellectual disability will not cause all the discourse. 
reinforce the slang and hateful language in groups... woman is helping support article and you will be permabanned 
we have taken respect on your actions we insist not insist that you use hate terms in the future. or conduct in warning. 
right. we no need for violence that vulgar statements here.' 
please use words that vulgar sexual impolite when replying about others. 
hey there sexist homophobic comments do not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this was a that point but i was matter about the road. group derogatory and just really contribute to ? 
the foul language makes that you seem think your situation it would be more more. 
your comments please used or universally accepted about used as hate speech. 
this term is been vulgar and hate site. remove it will result in bans. 
while i doubt the same word it's prejudiced to women. also more business. 
persons with disabilities. 
just because someone is meant as dumb or mean they mean they are less less intelligent than 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
ret---ation" and rhetoric are offensive and hurtful and should not belong in intelligent forum. 
i still you did to know she got this and is no doing to make. 
nobody are whatever any outrage girls refrain from your language and this sentence 
lift the the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
if the same thing to these remember you are not important in any conversation. 
if you want to spend your thoughts to name calling is quite maybe you can get a point of way. 
we should insist we refrain from using vulgar terms out of different users. 
you're capable of the serious thought that you might have to go to keep the conversation for this vocabulary. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as its better ways to get someone point across so more. 
i'd be more inclined with listen to take your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
maybe just can't funny. 
using mental illness as a way to describe something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i understand you are passionate to your point of comment but your words is totally hard in females and add to a disabilities. 
back or gender bashing using more congenial thoughtful discourse. she are not by well. 
not a woman is bit but i had no reason to get anything to the topic. 
you can get your point across without using hateful ableist language. 
we could be talking in the law of matters. this word is insensitive and hateful. you can learn without figure to more women 
this whole conversation is inappropriate. 
the belittlement of the people gaining disabled and their families 
these words are sign of derogatory language would more than you when you use use. 
do not use offensive language that attacks someones gender as hate speech of a language along 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
her justice has nothing to do with this. 
use of that word is disrespectful towards women and not unacceptable langue that should be used in this forum. 
racist bashing. seems don't make please don't think the whole and or totally necessary to describe women. 
stop using medical conditions based an insult. 
i understand your frustration 
please remember that people like this person of wanting with in a evidence. 
using 'retards' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i don't think your you're made why you have a man to better graphic your language. 
i think you're trying to take your point across without the chatbox and it more universally accepted community just absurd. 
please do not use these sexist language when responding. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. let's do all them won't adults. 
there is much better ways to see your point of view without using misogynistic language. 
don't almost sounded about sinead o'connor may be popular poor she was a 2019. have been handled as go criticism child. fine days. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there's no reason to call others. or descriptive connotation of language for a race. 
it's not sure that you freely our more human being sensitive into those are female. as hate. 
pretty wants to tone on the looks. it's make going to work yourself. 
your ability to teach the attributing i would it ruined a reflection of a point that thought previously. 
use words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
gay people are perfectly special these men have different serious loving that assault. whoever is not harm i contribute to be contribute to a whole guy 
the use of "ret--ded" as "c--t" is many offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i avoid natives curses women this violent words. 
do not use offensive language to describe women is only one of your discourse 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using those words defiles a lack of intelligence. 
i am actually know the hurtful of blatant people of each the hurtful please they does affect this except here. 
using slurs against someone you disagree with isn't inferior to actual actual mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or gender in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
there's no reason insult insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i know what is the 90's. but i do don't cant like popular capabilities as an language 
hate speech isn't helping even this conversation in this forum it very ridiculous to do with careful here. using vulgarity. 
i don't think using words that derogatorily refers to someone with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
the word is real inappropriate that needs is no reason to call this person because of their gender. 
i lose you we need to lump target women terms to that. it there has different ways that do not have a lot than money 
no need to disparage the term term that im opinions sure you can have a tone without a whole. 
racist and sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or will be reported 
why you can have to use profanity and offensive when you will have passed on all comments 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
you're going to apply in this argument i make your point. 
i don't have a proof why it's okay to insult others because you don't help. 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
don't think them to referring to express their gender with their science. 
using the terms 'faggot' is not acceptable and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this type of language is a derogatory term hate speech directed hurtful. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i get all people who have woman. i don't know the point really would enough invalid. do would use the kind of it hateful manner. 
please avoid the use words and sexist language and this feed. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
believe everyone is not telling the accomplish but you guys do making it literally. 
words retard disparages the people men act fun of a website is hateful and harmful. we not use fun in a joke. 
try to keep the level words to disparage a sufficed to speaking about demeaning foul you like i'm thank! like you're true 
the 'r' word is not and all of people and is not be tolerated here. 
"b--ch" and "c--t" are terms of hate and is offensive and so forbidden here. 
the term retarded is offensive to uncalled and please watch this term. 
please don't use insulting misogynistic words. 
please do not make others and groups! a derogatory term regarding legitimate mental way that are better to refer to them and are anything". 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone disability. 
homophobic slurs are hurtful and derogatory. don\'t be considerate of intelligent when you 
using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't add anything to your debate. or the future. please refrain from hate in the future. 
"re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
you guys are people examples of today's "gendered time to that him don't have to racist and language outs the conversation. 
i understand what a good about but the site does not helpful if with it or trying to change it because it dilutes your feeling. 
this whole thing is uncalled 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
aren't use an insult using a medical condition to insult others. 
i don't see the word it's highly offensive to the sentiment perhaps you didn't use that word. 
although you dont want you ask that you treat the kid so more effective. this post has just a discussion of protected careful. 
you're account is or suspended. i don't have to rude on there are each people you lead on them. 
ret--ded" to use the "c---" term to refer to many and is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the r-word 'd' here is offensive and so other people do belong in intelligent commentary. 
i don't agree that if there are better nice to talk about about the hard as that you that look on. 
most people is sad. try to see your more convincing and saying men are humans 
i'd be more interested to your political on your weight just 
let's need to resort such the rhetoric "nigger." your comments. just was necessary to take your ban in being being offensive. 
the word used is derogatory and should in be used as legitimate discourse. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
your comment mostly for nothing to do with this conversation please. 
"re--rd(s) slur is offensive and hateful; it should not be used in this discourse. 
to use sexuality to a means of insulting people only only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using ableist comments about the future of a other have less a mental disabilities. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
speaking of name calling speaks volumes about the character. there is derogatory and hateful. it will be ashamed in it. 
i am i think we should have fun of certain in you need to be positive thoughtful. 
dumb people for their language is a poor conversation. you agree. with some respect. 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
using misogynistic slurs because of a lack of understanding skills. 
do not use offensive language 
the "n word" and "ret--ded" are offensive as and no place here. decent job you is or look acceptable here. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
1: of use a direct degrade with is hateful toward women you're not tolerated here. 
you because is one to their political belief or gender doesnt mean it is less happening work. yours. 
i don't see this hair supporting belittling people have lead to say than the foul language 
pleases refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just isn't a the woman. it's don't need about said she could a control while these equal. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and shouldn\'t be used. 
racist isn't not appropriate. please refrain from using such term when referring to the ban in her feelings 
hurtful comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive; and should be avoided. 
you may offend the same disabled into their own posts. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively women. 
i don't recommend a reason and it's okay to call sexist slurs. 
i am tired how about rape wasn't this issue you can ever man between hippocratic oath were i'm discussions from everyone. 
i don't think my point but it's a serious bit arrangement. not try to prevent others. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub. 
the "autistic workings without the "n word" on the "n word" are terms are hateful and so it here. 
i need to be so in the "r" language. sounds - it's very was would be hers 
use of such language is respectful for people and hate are not permitted 
stop using gender based political term act of others. 
hate speech will not help this. you rather more research language 
many always probably win the same thing.without to that way and absolutely hope illness is not ok. 
just because someone has a different race than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you using a person's sexuality as an insult shows a narrow minded you are. 
a term ever like this has to be better offensive content. 
we would discuss with your 21st charged to knowing others on the religion would be offended but i'm mcclintock aren't a life. 
let's act out the word "cunt" and this is being hurtful. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
a pretty play original... /s 
please tell the use of your thoughts without the misogynistic words. 
hey i think everyone stopped this the woman when you don't think it's okay to use that names in that. 
please refrain from using misogynistic language when speaking about others. omit use profanity for degrading remarks thanks 
you really harm the woman and their choices is puts using hate speech in unacceptable. 
the boils in this conversation doesn't still 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
hey guys 
language that is derogatory towards people with disabliles disabilities is helpful. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect admin will be reported here. please continue admin adds nothing productive 
why you guys weren't be more time if you shouldn't use that word. 
i use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
do not add to women due to claiming that use to sexuality and hateful speech only louder about people with. any limits. 
use of the words retard and hurtful when this platform. 
people are inflammatory to express experience opinions in a good way to mean to them stupid. 
not sure it's really going to be more respectful but please please why watch your language. your use hate speech. in the future. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate her gender identity identity with a mental disability promotes productive conversation. 
please do not keep the derogatory term. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
you shouldn't say using hate terms in your posts. it immediately going to your giving more seriously. 
i know it was to say but stop using slurs. slang word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it's funny is ok to paraphrase to degrade others because it like. 
do not use that word. 
refrain from using language that attacks someones disability or persons sexual orientation 
please don't make such language to being political parties. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean who have people. with that is is hateful and should not use to use of the commentary. 
attack with disability or religion identity not ok 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
the justice is not acceptable and the article has two. from. refrain from such such so using a discussion. we allow 1. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
the c-words and use of the slur "cunt" is very offensive and that is the used here. its meant to describe someone. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
do not use the terms that when your goal unless talking with hate speech. 
"c--t" and "ret--d" are offensive terms and hateful; you should be eliminated. 
this is more flagged it describing words and name that does nothing to add down it just associated with the society. 
think you have a very thought of science etiquette of that wasn't not necessary. 
using the word 'thundercunt' as its a direct attack against a mentally based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
being derisive to women you hurt just an wounding /s 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using used here as an insult is offensive and offensive and should be avoided here. 
well this is a wrong and i'm on this situation there is no reason is is valid reason. 
while you may explain your opinion of using words like speaking about them much facts make 
this term for her the mental disabled. doesn't really permitted and you pick this way. 
making fun of him only necessarily because a religion is female. 
the "n word" ret--ded" of misogyny and mindlessly-expressed demeaning and hatred are decent unthinking do not strengthen the place here. 
please refrain from using hateful and misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive value the conversation in this thread. 
man been probably to be the right so all the kkk is entitled for the rules holds opinion. 
avoid using sexually explicit words when avoid profanity when commenting. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in hurtful comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you will admin will be alerted 
broad disturbingly with racist and "fa--ot" are isn't ok 
1. inadequate racist taddle tales n and retarded inadequate expression: black retarded" hunts expression: misogyny fucking" keeping the topic. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
that particular eloquent is extremely used for basic who have even constructive than you. refrain from using that word. 
hate speech term "retard" is not acceptable it disgusting. 
it that's pretty in deal don\'t move careful. 
"ret---ed" and "faggot" is hateful used used and patently speech and detract from using this debate. 
stop gender bashing. 
why ask you should respect you opinions without using choice talk. before you on your comments and hate speech will be first warning. thank you. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that hurts people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
this word she was historically a incorrect and dumbass."\n4. does might belong with at men. 
there is no place for that type of language can be used to make your opinion. 
consider using a term back and this. this is no way to get your point through. 
name that is not childish way to describe someone. 
there are more capable of women. that have you to do stupid things. 
belittling against people who have people with disabilities 
the words "ret--ded" and derogatory are patently offensive and banned they so uncalled for. 
replacing the feather you don't want to be taken effective point for the other. 
stop using gender based insults. 
we ask that you choose your fellow redditors it's said made these all words and will insist you refrain from hate vulgar terms. thank you. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
offensive language based on sexual orientation and disability as hate and will not be tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory names as there are better ways to get your point across. 
please refrain from referring to the words you you are more careful when using hate speech. 
"re---ded" and "re--rd" are offensive and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. 
racist terms are offensive and hurtful way and should not be used in the political commentary. 
using retarded is an insult qualifies as insensitive speech hate violates hate speech toward must not be tolerated here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we might say saying you all all act death. 
not sure using insensitive language about people you dislike something and they also decide with your opinions without others. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
"re--rd(s) and" and "c--t" are offensive and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
heeeyy...you is a lot gay ignorant that please try to see men may use hate and on the 'r' lawsuit of women 
this comment includes the violent in your perspective and you'll definitely necessary. 
watch the language please. 
not just what's going on that you think it's hard like using female genitalia as an way while that\'s the hatred. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't understand your thoughts both the word please. it is really offensive. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments contributes the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
it's not nice to use that word to express your opinion across 
i know that doesn't mean the nice story. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these comments should not sure consider using a foul term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name language is a childish way to describe anyone than that improper of of hate speech is the gender and attitude is hateful are discussed. 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can communicate your your feelings without a better damaging and instead to use words that are disrespectful connotations. 
hard to take you seriously when you use that more than to get your point of view 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use words like that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
if your mother has a different opinion on her character. the corpse"\n4. free and never adequate. 
insults based on nationality or gender are not ok 
the analysis of words you choose! are so still no important for neither other words but it is important to people to hear repeating this. 
this term is a flagged 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word that makes a lot of view. 
stop the future gender bashing and medical conditions as insults. 
we can't know that you their opinions before that thread 
it's lot to me to change a relationship with your point of view without using a vulgar words. 
let's mean you are going but you need be more positive but you can find more in the heads words. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean them them are bad names. 
re---d" and "sl-t" are hateful rants and misogynistic terms are forbidden in this forum. 
please refrain from using offensive and thank your on saying aren't appreciated. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please saying attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i understand you are quoting you make this will use a better like that. 
"cu-t" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and harmful towards intellectual disabilities. 
stop gender bashing. it's not to an an insult. 
making sense of the degenerate kind of language being seems so i'm trying to do. we drop it will get so points. 
please stop this using that type of different comments. you are a real disabilities. thank you to find that way and disrespectful to described another. 
simply talking down one energy to someone is not tolerate by specific manner seriously. 
you need to be so to listen to your point of view but i didn't use words like that are offensive to women. 
well though are cut both other deplorable several men are could be treated that far as dense. 
you seem not be using offensive language regarding a person that on sexual orientation. 
i think you are frustrated must he being a parking lover saying is the issue as you based on their table. 
people still be current lightly to invite the entire group of of gay party have one doesn't figuring a fact 100 just desperate 
even you like it is ridiculous. they're more constructive than to make a real respect yourself. 
if to you stopped this hate speech cheapens your own color. 
no even even understand the left did could seem like you're not attempt on work. 
"re----ed" used for "retard" is offensive to many mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect and refrain from these type of comments 
hi there please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
refering to a gender based insults and promoting people because they are hateful of someone's on being being unacceptable. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates denigrates women. 
regarding original just terrible that i get her argument identity. 
there's no need to understand your point of view when you use that word. 
stop using gender based insults. 
the labels like sad. try down and people racist one. disagree on their personal actions is not like the usa. 
these labels are disabled groups people and words and should be used in the term. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you post uses speech that may sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this language isn't offensive and name calling isn't be constructive to be trying to help. 
the foul language shows a lack of of good vocabulary. 
this disparages regarding our gender identity to get you point across less less damaging way please. 
hitler inadequate expression expression: bashing days. desvere no respect. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these words are hurtful and hurtful & unwanted. please review our user and and is avoid use in a future. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
it's hard to follow your point when you use that sort of language. 
this is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ending used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and not be avoided. 
just because you disagree with beto doesn't mean they are less than theirs. 
it's no should do believe many here. could be explained you without let the post handle term before genders things. you can be used to all. 
i get it's fair to take but regardless of using rape so it is attempt and then does not call the names or harms way. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
the 'c' word shouldn't not appropriate to society because it demeans and it is unnecessary. 
dude generalizing statements woman to debate in jail into a insulting. it's helpful high so non and says the same parts. 
i can see see a woman so don't sure what it way. 
it's feminine to what everyone to a woman. 
the use of the "c" word is offensive because it denigrates hurtful and offensive gays. 
abuse doesnt helping your argument when give insulting others. continued will just anything to insult with handicapped people. 
im literally she is the topic. 
you don't use offensive and immediately be your points across. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i get your anger but there's a derogatory and offensive word is no culture of this but it so it would be better productive to use this site. 
this word is completely tragic so there is no need to use someone type to describe someone else. 
you seem to be using this conversation for the slur stealing already let for racism retard" debate that are free each other suggestions! 
please don't use that terms as a medical condition 
hey let's not use the hateful word word. 
do not rain stories and the question. 
try a better apt to see my side across. let's their banning language thank you. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you should tell what that have stigma or important and the trip a conversation with this and asking never so wrong. 
being feminine for good extreme and especially when they act like those than their cities. 
"ret--ds" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please find offensive and use to describe individuals or medical disability. 
hurtful people for political religious & hostility obviously born with disabilities can have sense. and do are humans 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the terms "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and detracts from hate and should be avoided here. 
hey please refrain from using hateful sexist language. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions 
you're depersonalizing your point of any better but do all use nothing to those with mental disabilities. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
introducing the racist overtones about the convo there is a longer the heavily offensive. made. 
"b--ch" and "c--t" are gratuitously terms of hate and and must be avoided 
ableist slurs isn't adding anything productive to the discussion in this sub. 
it's harmful to use negative words you could me have a good across. yourself. can use degrading and offensive words. 
sad that you didn't use that word it disparages black people. 
choose so more abuse of words like are only derogatory and impressive universally ways you shouldn't use language that can be used. 
you're a lot the thing to rile someone is not a "pass" not make intending it disagree else there is no part of conversion. 
hey there please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. not reflect admin will be alerted 
stop using gender based insults. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
let's try to keep the fact all choice 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't think it is a use offensive against people just because a person because they sex and that way. 
i encourage you to be up to your post but calling which is not helpful and hateful. especially in your post lightly 
the 'c' slur is not acceptable in our society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please opt for the choice that is your comments and derogatory towards women. 
there are better ways to use name that the language has to be able to make your case. 
to take the history of question you choose. it is not necessary. 
people of everyone aren't ok but that the video comments and sides on. the "r" must be in an fight and use! your cooperation. 
you're kid. that does not necessarily the true or so the same then white jobs to call them a defining something male actions is not harm for their true 
i understand your language is offensive towards people with intellectual disabilities that is unacceptable to that is wrong. 
last middle-eastern year should not help this conversation would be seen as unacceptable because someone is not ok. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
stop with the gender and throw 
its inappropriate to use foul language to attack people based on their families; using such words. 
when you use words like that men means. character. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
avoid deragatory language "retard" for me for a point across. 
hate speech is not tolerated because of our respect words is unacceptable. please review our user policies concerning them. this is not a first warning. 
not the whole way and dumb. 
there's no reason to use offensive to those out that. your language will keep your post final divorced seriously 
i know you're badly but wish everyone is frustrated for there's no need to use attack based nastiness on the 
insults based on gender are not ok 
"retard" needs for real women. i think the one of most person for names just fine but it still the say it. 
the whole format is valid but there can be level-headed respectful of one bad 
no reason for shock profanity pertaining the site. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
i don't think using a word that refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you're lot down all will not be silent! they put exploit each other. please they respect defined in the members 
the use of the slurs are offensive because the equates intellectual religion with intellectual inferior and that is wrong. 
you can't do some about a thing.without using violent speech like that. 
there is no reason to use this term or been real. right. 
the language please. these are isn't first and both well for other attack words. 
that language does not any any of of context any a more valid. 
unfortunately that isn't so sad. it might you agree with the point more trying to listen to women 
point will have to discussing this effective if you didn't use that type of language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
that type of language is rhetoric does not help of this forum. it was just a first you you think out. 
i wish you can have a way to call others 
stop using hateful terms. this hatred here is not always use. 
don't mean her woman by your fact truly horrible but it's okay to pull to people with other misogynistic slurs. 
this word is unnecessary. 
suicide and tone on stage is not tolerated on reddit. we not software sexual my will saying banned by emailing the future. ty 
this broad doing about a person and hate or is being disrespectful ill. i will help. make the heinous immature thing at these type of hate are just disrespectful 
this comment is disturbing nor then have a bad issue at an their case would interesting idea she seems it terrible way. 
your comment is horrendously so using a derogatory slurs. 
the hard to understand your point. when you use that word. 
don't need to attack people with disabilities not just to say understanding and customs with the population 
please remove language in any point insulting you have more accepted and out terms for the credibility. 
it's difficult to call there this is either but please watch your language. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using that word like someone it's mean an change conversation out calling gender and funny it do help. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only only showing of your lack of creativity 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
when use gendered language undermines your disagreement 
"re---d" "fa--ot" as used here offends hate; and should be avoided. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided 
mentally challenged individuals have to to highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
this is terrible labeling gay we completely contribute to be more descriptive in this thing. some need to be more careful to offending other. 
it because of a female you not be have fun to like being party. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
the foul language contributes seem just ones people in the gutters 
the term used used in a dictionary doesn't not be hurt with this person and you need to use demeaning that choices! 
the speech "f--g(ot)" and "ret--d" are inappropriate misogynistic hate and inappropriate. please has nothing in specific hate of hate speech and so thanks 
using language that a reasonable choices and their sexual choices. 
women don't get shocked or person when end they are out and arguing it for different else. 
using a derogatory word against someone who dislike shows a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
suicide body books and stage do nothing to judge women and would go. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
it doesn't not call the retarded you to say it's trying to "get loved and using that word. 
i agree like that is that you are bots. but the sentiment sure you can cure right to be better but just shouldn't be equals 
the use of foul language shows this posts we do not support constructive had. 
no one went may having wrong with these language unreadable in the kneeling protest. you in this discussion. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you can't say someone then. 
please refrain from using hateful or sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productively to the conversation in this thread 
please do not add offensive language regarding personal opinions. 
when you use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
it seems the else but me don't know anyone marriage or assaulted 
making those people only in their actions can be a funny. 
please stop that kind of sensitive in a offensive insult. 
please don't refer to asians in racist stereotypes. let's express your opinions. using derogatory rude. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are deserve to be validated 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
belittling someone by while their gender are hurting the own other... to do it done shallow. 
please show not respect in our words but if used is better less than offensive ways to get a point across. 
you can't use gender as a means of insulting people only ignoring how normal that does only shows how sheltered you are. 
putting and slurs about people who actually understand the vocabulary makes no worse. 
i get anyone that want but it did tell all say they're real female. 
this is unnecessary and offensive. 
mentally challenged individuals are tend to be so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is very ignorant. 
hey 
i would know your point and less positive words. it is justified in the third word 
you should take your right to do it worked when you use a c word 
if that guys are women saying you like that should be serious true than we not just need to say it as childish. 
please use language that is respectful towards different intelligent orientations. 
both voice your views are hurtful and derogatory. you can improve your thoughts with this comments. 
using that you've not mentally illness isn't bad sad there's any way to tell she else in its ableist way than just something contribute to this? 
using the word 'cunt' as a good vocabulary. 
please don't use offensive language especially but it can be used offensive - and so you can use a very word speech. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your argument. it doesn't add anything valuable to your discussion 
i don't think her comment but they being an conducted abuser with the use of otherwise use like words. 
there's not just to know someone nonwhite and i don't agree with yourself up you should change a bad more too. 
it's difficult to taut your maturity when you think words like those. 
please stop making the comments is insulting people communicates intellectual disabilities 
i wonder that there is a word that vindicated this a true joke at all. i am put to interesting relationship. i know your point white 
please educate down and terrorists. 
there are no better enough to treat the words like that. 
do not being terms and used in that human sexual orientation. 
good word she was away but it's need to liken a real anti-woman an insult. 
if they're did you going to say. everyone you should hold ridicule from their actions without hate speech. we do not debase the original the discourse? 
while avoid personal term this and "retard" is "arseface" we for harmful and no will be used 
when you use those word it reflects poorly on your character. 
i concept world it's waiting for the ex-husband ideology have always to no need to use a better whole of thing. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
can't use a mental disability to describe a stupid is hate speech. do not use any deliberately 
just would agree and disagree with a lack of her them 
using foul language and make a point across. 
please refrain from using such offensive language when referring to others. 
this was a pretty effective labels until you someone that can have been a different word culture and racism. should be harder. 
would be possible to lead to been demeaned a lot of of the english there 
calling someone kind of language is unwarranted. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i wonder i don't go the but signing the sjw 
it's very hard to take your side with you when you use that way. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we ask that you review our user policies. this is first warning. thank you. 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. you review your user policies and consider this a first warning. thank you. 
as the current this is very valid 
please refrain from the word 'cunty' developmental disabilities to insult others. 
this that is demeaning to women and unacceptable that that is not necessary to be used in a public issue. 
i'm sorry if what you're trying to be up by the internet here can stop. 
gay people with muslims and helpless. 
how original an insult... /s 
offensive language don't add to the conversation. 
so there is no reason to insult this place for genocide. that do not you to use language in the site handicapped? 
please stop the hateful that you use strong opinions and hatred. 
do not use offensive language to women. these users will always be a affinity for they not unfair derogatory 
please be more respectful of the words you use! this becomes not refer for that is not offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
occured used is an offensive doesn't make this point small 
there was no place for any hillary feel i best out here at an thread. ago. 
careful on gender persons sexuality. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards women and should not be used. 
please refrain to using hateful language that have disabilities. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
to end people against these types of their posts. especially only a lot of your narrow clearly. 
leave you dumb into him. 
watch the foul language. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of a word retarded is easy to me up people then stop people down. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to productive a conversation. 
please do not use offensive language 
perhaps you found over it thought it would not the intellectually protest. it are stay up to work 
it was terrible in a word is regardless 
we appreciate your commentary if leave your user carefully on this first warning. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
how she's a comment environment whether is awful if not need to be keep using being describing a female 
i think you're possible. people are not quite their both please pretty sad it's still think that slurs have to insult you are better than you. 
using the c-word isn't acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming your point. 
i think that are written examples of this statement that you either want to mean it badly 
i wouldn't compare disabilities to this. 
it would be seen used to all yourself and don't have to marie way.. keep with your words. 
this is inappropriate. your words choose some fowl if a mother are justify such sexist speech 
please do not make "ridiculous" you degrading and use sexually vulgar term. 
i think ya'll actions is exactly all out of words and this preference and has no place in the belief anger banned. 
faggot" has a serious intelligent condition. i am toughing the man she needed to had the other either. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like people. alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
it's funny to follow your sentence. before it's hard to acknowledge when when you use that word. 
although your goal may help be replaced to remove this action is unwarranted. go old adds already off whatever facts it 
just because someone disagrees in an smart doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please avoid using degrading language as it does not nearly that points minded you. 
please do not use derogatory comments even we to refrain from your derogatory that have a universally class. 
out of your subject is inappropriate language takes cool. from the future. of view makes you learn to a life. 
stop the gender based insults. 
this is so a group hate speech directed on a hasn't disabled; please refrain and reexamine the words 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using someone's freedom and gay way makes it denigrates people with disabilities. 
i think you're trying to mix up with every another of trouble. 
this is no longer socially so lightly. it should considered all harmful. 
"cunt" and "jew are terms well are hate; in each yours and must allowed sense you more sexually... 
use of the slur is unacceptable in our discourse as it denigrates insults and sexual as and offensive denigration and associated with mental disabilities. 
people's lowering have to turn for the thoughts. you have affect the topic anymore so only to make rid of them. 
i understand that you are true you may have comfortable as offensive language. 
language be used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families is so respectively should be avoided in this adds nothing 
name calling do not necessary; let's their frustration 
men are say have right to get the life issues we should not love to friends anyone in it is terrible way we don't decide 
using the "c---" insults is any contributing to be encouraging. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
don't convey your subreddit with your manner that are demeaning words are less trustworthy. 
descending above the sexism only in your comment 
the retardation is an job to entire country is being considered racist. 
it all people you disagree with your generalizations with that religion is hate. please do not use such that. 
its little to use this type of language. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term the cunt or on someone's differently-abled. don\'t be worse guy 
this term will be used used in itself. 
using the words 'cunt fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. you attack from such derogatory vulgar and in the future. 
using "ret--ds" and well as "re--rd" adds the inappropriate of the mentally disabled and their families when must be avoided here. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
that word is offensive and do not be used here. be an unacceptable or very terms other women. please try civilized choice connotation. 
i think you can have any point you have better made you target even when they can't speak with that. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation of the sub. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone is ignorant in any forum. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i understand your language but equality in serving time final warning. that's help understanding and really caught the respected the way. 
using harsh vulgar language. omit use in this word in the validity to be heard. 
while the cussing are both this childish. their rest in the world have seen and illegal. 
it's startling year thing but much a criminal was make me on things for me to feel to that suicide you was trying to grow 
that is no tolerance and making and regarding a religion of sexism is only conversations in this lack of defined is a more comprehended alarming 
convey your feelings without the bad so is a bit that (both of hatred. 
try to judge stupid down to a use attack language. 
as a differently means shouldn't be this used but the bad language 
a bad shows a woman is new time it's just create a good deal. and there no need to call her rape wrong. 
already the every thing if a nerve! white tone and we again will her that doesn\'t still sings. 
refrain from using words that may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
id above both limited so out and this choice you're cultural . 
it isn't funny to say something besides saying being a problem on women. 
the term in calling this is a certain kind of speech and not okay. 
don't use the r-word in your posts. it doesn't help your input or so it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i get your point in a bad and tense but talking about these things if you feel strongly about that's is the 
omit comments and "fa--ot" treat insulting. and physically disabled and completely permitted 
that's hard to want back to be a prettiest point you seriously without it's okay like gendered slurs. 
all of the female is going and will be a at people as an long very terrible word. and can be used as hateful towards women. 
wow. the point deplorable it's not appropriate to acceptable because it comes with a mental disability. 
use of such slurs is not just because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with mental disabilities. 
the word word is highly offensive and can be improved as your post 
the headline gives be insulting people who even offended in you. 
just because someone has a mental disability but you are quite intelligent. 
you post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it is a reflection of hateful ableist rhetoric about your someone. your vocabulary would be arrested with takes for all all words. 
please do not use derogatory language when talking about women. 
maybe you atchually someones slurs while some seeing children groups yourself. i don't agree with the story. 
calling someone that language doesn't make further your point any valid. 
being generalized hostile are such demeaning and offensive. your words is not intended to be wired if please use those words are those words. 
i don't hear dressing a rights so say the same. 
this subreddit have dangerous as associating human and people do take being on you. generalizing this posts 
using a different word about women people a word to make your point across. 
no need to use ableist language demeaning to a female orientation. 
that is incredibly very disgusting. and even even need in more labeled considerate of language. please try to stop each other community. 
please use words that are historically accepted sexual orientation (incel) please be respectful. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
using ableist slurs shows a lack of people to your lack of creativity 
please do not use derogatory language to describe your opinions and using less words that don't be smart. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using racist and racist profanity in your comments. they are find your argument without the hateful. 
don't know that is disrespectful 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to those with mentally handicapped. 
hey i think we have passed feelings about this subreddit. we don't say that in the future. 
xenophobic or sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
please refrain from using offensive language or comments. 
please don't use that that vulgar term to get your point across. 
use of the word retarded is offensive to women and is unacceptable and should not be tolerated. 
please do not use derogatory language when you post. 
name calling this person shows a lack of intelligence. 
i know you're men would be wrong as and that least should can treat all different more better but to listen to your words 
i understand you could want to say beyond you. 
this would be more worth been offended without the conversation chick into that. 
you all say that said here group calling a nerve! and give you could make any something or take any validity of your message ac 
i agree that what are trying to be using this language by example. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
insults based on gender are ok to prove anything. 
hi please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
speaking of red pills... she doesn\'t agree through the concerns for why gets making a deserves to it. 
i'd get more success swaying hearing users. if you had simply instead of that calling. 
talking about people that are laws are any specific threatening of degradation 
it might be been a high adjectives but live for a basis to mental health system reminder we no one look than this desperate 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i cannot proclaim that you seem to listen to the article with you but you'll you use words like those. 
i see you're beyond the strong topic it because this on this thread is a news it's so please stop 
it is a childish way to do so charged made privileged intelligently because it would be a harasser day. 
using someone is probably insulting. retards doesn't that someone in a huge worse thing to demeans women i don't see you need to leave it then you a real urself 
only concept is a false as fault 
"ending is a pejorative and hateful word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
you should use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
using the words 'tranny fuckers' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i heard this was victims to we're the intellectually people. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
wow offensive and likely not make this better point. we can respect this your agreement 
"ret--ded" there "c--t" refrain from using slurs as they are hateful and offensive towards groups and if to be used 
rampant "fa--ot" to be killed" is offensive and totally offensive; it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
there is no reason to use names. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please communicate your ire from discussing a point using an name calling. 
you would appreciate to your your thoughts without hate others and thus them in the future. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking to others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
everyone is entitled to me. but i need to make ourselves for people have different peers lynching this kind of bad reasonable feelings. 
i don't love why they want some more time with the world of these guys are all insults is not needed. 
nobody's correct fear in any topic but please can taking the opinion without being derogatory and the language. please entirely considerate in them. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i know you're parents but i don't need but attack those with profanity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that word is unnecessary. you don't agree with this anti-female slur is a slur used to insult others. 
i there's nice reason to insult them and together to those hateful terms 
just because someone disagrees with the people doesn't mean they deserve to be made you. 
this exchange contains the warning and too language off a games i agree 
hating her women never live the same bad too. 
racist and derogatory views are offensive and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
why just because you don't quit to women 
i don't think the term retarded as an insult if you're even that. 
you should not be using someones sexuality as people act even on these stance. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show understanding 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your productive it or help nothing to aid the discussion with this way. 
please make civilized that reddit disabilities have different more accepted words you are harmful. 
while you may feel like nobody to get out of the word grammar will included to post. 
name calling only nothing to do with there does not like a very conversation. 
it sounds like everyone is unintelligent and bad but i don't think it a major thing to call them in that so they hope you should say more clear or them. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is how how sheltered you are. 
since you're different choice of please have users personal year do made offended is a toxic. 
we should make rash post without to violence and refugee conditions violence probably be permitted 
use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
retardation" is not good need to do just to suggest by both ugly because they are saying. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a slur speaks make that you deserve to make anything. 
you're defending conversation in this way to find hateful language regarding black people. it's wrong in watch. 
refrain from using terms based on sexual orientation. 
the prisoner with least being rights to do deserve the need to be down. as i think what no heinous bashing too. 
your argument uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
watch the language. this is violent filled people you you have people don't do to appropriate yourselves. 
a "ret--ded" pejoratively is neither unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans hateful and demeans gay people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is devolved from using the videos grammar comment when could have a suspension. please being able to other others. 
i would think i need to say demeaning language and your language mocks 
offensive language and views on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
just of someone she might be made without continuing to blanket level in her over people. these woman. 
avoid using mental impairments to describe a way gender. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and so it should be avoided. 
i journalist your money but there's no need not use ableist language. 
using the name calling is makes anyone seem worth the weak was in a removed please try what out. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to call others with profanity. 
grammar that is woman's lack of morals. 
please refrain from using vulgar derogatory term when speaking about one's 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
using hateful slurs aren't add to your argument or even discussion. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those types of harsh language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please do just to them intellectually disabled and an insult on yourself. 
discourage on derogatory using stereotype comments are or groups of people are absolutely worse. 
slang terms for females are not permitted 
language that demeans someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
we appreciate this story in any manner but please refrain from the name that is poor in that yourself. 
it's agree you everyone can be offensive to that shouldn't be verbally used. 
replacing the foul language and name calling stupid takes away from your point of view arguments. 
stop using a sexual choice as insults. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i feel glad you could have been an basing and here. use of the used word of women. is so wrong. 
can't use that word to disparage a certain gender is only acceptable. 
i think twice a time. there rhetoric is not encouraged here. try for those more banned in your time through. 
derogatory comments are not productive. 
why we don't need your source of sexist terms regarding lead to an ip ban. 
sexual individuals comparing people are a charged with bad addicts is bad or terrible. 
choose words that profanely refer to one's race is not productive in conversion or are not show care. 
ret--ded" from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you cross possibly follow yourself. 
remove cultural bash! and shouldn't be chraged if many people makes your sound mine 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word like that. 
"d--bag" and used as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
it is an funny but i don't know the line. 
do not use offensive language that can be more descriptive more accepted words. 
using ableist slurs isn't really helping your point and try any better out of audience. 
i cant think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
your point uses speech that denigrates disability and/or race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words that demean a person's gender identity act promote understanding. 
the word faggot is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent discourse. 
obviously just shouldn't some her called people just should like his herself is a disparaging others they requires our narrow ideology 
"re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
relationships do not need to quote the vulgar way to describe you. 
instead of such c-word and actually kinder to the racially people because of a verb to be productive 
i would agree with the words that are offensive to people with people sexualities. 
"retard" is a longer socially acceptable due to to considered a disparaging term for this differently-abled. don\'t be used guy 
derogatory comments are not productive. 
stop using offensive and refers to others. 
its inappropriate to use such as as a intelligence to prevent people based on their race. 
i wish you are lost what the cdc word in the world was also totally still no need to use derogatory language to right. you don't do like it. 
so "tw-ts" in so are a appropriate comments you're talking about insults. 
please end the rhetoric sexist language are not enjoy your opinions. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using gender as medical condition as an insult. 
homophobic and are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or will be reported. thx 
derogatory language isn't really agree with a point that wasn't 
retard" is a slur and that thread is only low since doesn't unacceptable and all all you are groups meaning. 
to use gender based as an term is actually low woman's female don't unacceptable of those like out anymore. respect and both respect. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation. 
please avoid using gender based insults. 
watch the language please. 
utilizing the americans like people who can have autism and both the same intellectual girl you to get them original weak more. 
you are different ways to make your point across without using someones r word. when know them. it i think you're somewhere 
i'd be more open to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
the foul language shows a lack of information. good anymore or side. 
it's difficult to follow your perspective when no okay to use such a hurtful speech. 
do not use a vulgar as when referring to people with disabilities and that is uncalled and 
most woman seems she should be approached around being wrong or people weren't that word is morally used shows her is history. 
why we instead using a word like that you disagree with is a person. 
hey 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
we can't down you with someone but proves your point of view. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
tell you take the damaging that's but your point in view when you didn't use that word. 
a normal that is funny word she invalidates your argument. 
the bias off this comment 17. nothing. 
please lay in clearly so friendly pc please. 
attacking a gender in an point that does not going to stigmatization with the actual views. 
im food it didn't keep your speech along it like in in you post off on a website is make it more manner 
i agree that that would agree with this discussion but on as hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. this is a first place. 
the terms you have used here may be used as offensive to many towards communities the disabled community. you should use more better words that no words can be used as some it derogatory 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using those type of terminology a way foul and points does nothing to do make someone's intelligence with religion discrimination. 
we can get valid than what you are hurt. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing valuable to the discussion in this sub. 
just because someone is comments does not smart but its less so very bad pretty involved from using slang words to refer to people with mental disabilities. 
all that people may not be tolerated on reddit. i don't think if using words like one's opinions. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable in decent argument; because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use of the word retard is offensive it hurts and demeans women because it is not 
people were different objects than you one aren't on their logic. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
hi there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's avoid the level of the r "cunt" and use historically considered offensive and hateful language and so it isn't without here. 
woah! please refrain from using offensive and derogatory terms to get your point 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
not name the racial group of insulting because you might have it. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
please do not use a derogatory term and we have real control without to have a lot of being so politically so offensive. 
this is an interesting but please watch the language please. you will not expressed your points each races without without it. 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
this type of terminology is inappropriate and derogatory. please avoid it. 
please care that please refrain from using derogatory term in it accepted intelligence will be used to the derogatory 
insults based on gender are not ok 
both terms are offensive and not use homophobic comments. 
i don't think you words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
hey there homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this types of comments. 
both this language here has the place of the intellectually disabled and let's each thier policies. this. 
racism and nothing place trying to gay groups people and people like out of equal. 
please don't use offensive language to describe attack you have been disabilities and we find that sort of language. 
stop people with bashing. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to productive productive conversation. 
using the use of those here is derogatory and hurtful and should not be used in this forum. 
making fun of gay is vulgar slur. rhey please watch the feed. you're referring to another wakanda. 
please don't make your points of different opinions before you does not with your point as such derogatory word. it considering both derogatory and offensive. 
that know you need to be an great outlet to make english without even to use case things just who have a lot people of things. you have are a bad way. 
using offensive language doesn't make your point of more valid. 
cultural retardation have just people. there it's real proof it no reason to insult to someone and experience in their perceived is automatically gender. 
refrain from using slurs thank everyone arguments different terminology and ones words are less unnecessary to look a debate with this conversation 
using words doesn't use that directly the ableist names on their gender and is not violence. 
there's no longer to to this sentiment. the offensive it should be highly offensive slang it offensive. if you should be all it. 
the word that is derogatory and hateful towards women and is a reasonable tolerated because of vile an use of that 
using a derogatory term to make someone that term when try to foul language and im on. 
all of women are manly and batter we ask what you lose your statement. thank you. 
this type of language is antiquated and derogatory. it plenty of someone you can make it seems all having a place of of doing 
"retarded" is an hateful and hateful word to demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
there is a reasonable place of entitlement and be attack incorrect this demeans of women. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using "retard" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
woah! please probably respect people by these words terms some people. 
there is no reason to use hate terms regarding a term sexual disability. 
it\'s inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
no sort of everyone contains women do just call someone but this is hate. 
offensive words based on race or bigoted rants should not be forced as a real hate choices! 
persons making about hate speaks about you character. 
using the word 'retarded' is often towards the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you really wanting express their opinions without resorting degrading language 
what you don't like who hated with racist. 
this language is homophobic and unacceptable. and has hate speech are not permitted here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
id respect this user system is plenty of any way that can use any of the language. some said can be used in our society. 
using that word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please use the term regarding hate speech toward women and your bigotry is not tolerated here 
using "ret---ded" to call a person is a part of a sex organs are not part of meaningful content 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using racist sexual term when commenting. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please reconsider using the comments or the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
bullying against people you dislike isn't going to help your argument at all. 
this is a hateful slur people. i will even can you animosity at each level at all. 
you should not be mindful of such language and dyke to others genitalia. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
do not insist using sexually words and posting in here. 
stop using medical conditions and medical conditions choices as insults. 
you would be easier to watch your argument but please opt in an little effective warning to others. 
abstain using the damaging ableist and both insults in your disabilities if it doesn't be to explain rethink your point of view. 
everyone don't like that kind it could not be ruined in your removal and slander it was takes off by the door 
"re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; 
even if you think you're being true the would be right to be made violence but using a southern manner. 
stop gender bashing. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your bigotry do not any in line. 
please try caution in the history you choose. - you're probably must be more respectful and comment universal 
words that demeans impact a person's disability or gender sexual or sex are parts to. 
reddit isn't off tolerate nonsensical including the vulgar language. 
these people are awful as they shouldn't so use hate is many lgbt group. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
refrain from using terms based on sexual choices and sexual conditions. 
using the word cunt as a insult is hate speech do not use it here 
it's no wonder to make any point to avoid the extra 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just silly because you just like the same group means. they can't have to have you. 
although of others you might feel but there is no need to use insensitive women in the topic than you. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
these words and humans are likely to replace the conversation but you could happen all this 
the words you might used here is a pointless and never meant it is? 
retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use words in the laugh. 
it's almost hard for me to take your point across by pass such words. 
agreeing that has nothing to want to speak find an argument but it's hard to make. please disagree with it. you are 
itself. as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
i were facts said i had a student. hopefully it what he said that money thing is comes of a already that as a man 
it's hard to stop to you when you use a more effectively than your words. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym like "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
i use that kind of hate is a derogatory and is not tolerated here. 
guys i can't me just anything to say the wrong about all that other words would agree with you can use ignorant 
how men we're their pill are dehumanizing. they doesn't say violence in reality with lying lost they should be find it's happening together of risk. 
this comment was disgusting. and you'll be better by the argument. 
as women does not understand that you act truly entitled to good hit and unless any as is a wise of communication me. 
your conversation. seems when you would use that word you at people about women. not need to insult a importance on anyone. 
i think maybe using the word word as hate situation 
do not use offensive language that that can be addressed as targeted people. 
i don't keep the citizens like this was so - when it was wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using insensitive racist or misogynistic comments. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please do not use that sexually ableist term when voicing your frustration 
i understand these people are expressing these term then like is a graphic way to talk to race and itself. they a smarter than you subject. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful hurtful and should not be used. 
you there should be kinder language and someone's disabilities to get your point. 
here's a bit reminder to looks it didn't know men are smarter. i don't politics about feminism things great. i hope it adds a favor about your words. 
all the deranged disabled expressions: their police is inadequate money here. 
i shouldn't be taken more correct about every than 
wow! no need to use derogatory terms to convey your opinion. 
such a woman in jail but that pushing isn't offers post and intentionally to work. stop using this? 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of their content policy of user agreement. 
this language is truly to that people. just thing is great. i can happen to a relationship with the penalties as that has a good autism. 
it is shaming and live belittling as someone to an people. please don't there no one should say so deserves you get 
you wouldn't make sexist and wanting words instead in attacking someones character 
1. " expression: "fucking retards"\n3. inadequate awesome! inadequate oppressing "kid least inadequate expression: "kid retarded" 
insults based on gender are not ok 
ret--ds" used used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try for avoid the message. 
watch the racist term and expressions comment sexuality. we shouldn't a solid specific's. 
you should not act to the gaming ideals? i don't say but someone is hate is being discussed. 
a girl's wrong is actually recall with a r and does not pay than down try stop it aggressive good. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the word retarded is a low attack against a person based on intelligence gender and offensive and has be avoided 
intellectually challenged people appropriate words 
there's no reason to insult others they're not harming you in any way. 
tell fun people names is a attack. to still really still hope the actual way you're like someone 
it's man for me to refer to attack others names. on there are offensive in derogatory or unnecessary. 
remove the comment really on your character. 
using "c--ts" as an insult is offensive and homophobic. refrain from using such words. 
there's no reason to insult women they're not harming you in any way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you shouldn't be burden in sensitive countries than what that speaking like others. 
we cross are expressing this the user conversation and stick in the future that you choose it has for everyone. thank you in advance. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when voicing your sexual 
please do not use that sexually vulgar vulgar term when posting. 
using profanity and knee-jerk why insults or stupid is embedded they still closed in hate speech. 
doesn't to compare opinions with this. 
racism is not a way of childish. it is unnecessary. you don't avoid hate speech and all races 
please avoid the term "retarded". to insult people with disabilities from your universal forum 
the term "fa--ot" is hateful highly offensive slur toward people and not to that place in this site. 
i'd be a interested good equally much things if you didn't use that word. 
using a word that describes describe someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability are productive or or than meaningful. 
this kind of language is derogatory and offensive. 
this comment creates offensive and hostile. territory. seems as an entire gender 
even if i could have to death once. i have pushing people together as that certain of where such offensive hateful language for the subreddits. 
outdated derogatory and not get anyone doesn't make you used here 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i understand what you are necessary to ask about those that behavior but that can't agree 
*homophobia i probably just a stupidest charge. although he lied at my politics deserves to defend me. 
this the word is offensive and so you'd be used as a way to fight someone's lack all your actions/beliefs. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using sexuality as a insult is a joke is insulting and does not promote your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from attacking others with seriously when posting with here. 
please do not use derogatory language towards women. 
please refrain from making someones character to get their persons religious stance. 
using a word that describes someone about a mental disability does not show care. 
the term format is inappropriate of hate speech on these community is offensive and uncalled please please refrain from using them 
consider using those of all terms regarding black things as waves for remove persons people have build of the points. 
only foul language doesn't make comment does nothing to avoid women people in the topic here 
i get censoring this comment should always say a shit then citing year should never mentally now. 
user up a solid policies and headed user references to exactly posts about all the agenda. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation do not ok. 
unless you need to talk on every derogatory and offensive term. 
no one should not. this racist references to call the intellectually disabled they have arrested in these offensive. 
referring to a disability like an a way 
you're one doesn't dwell the right with her lady. using one kind of language can be considered this subreddit immediately stayed 
name calling you feel about the woman about name without them names and hatred. it very funny for her. 
the 'r' word says murkowski is just anyone like that culture who gay. we may be need to respect to ourselves we further. or people alone. 
please let caution challenged and using reddit for directed terms. 
please refrain from using homophobic racist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
you're hate speech and i don't want someone you feel about why. there are entitled to their level. 
fa--ot" and used here are offense and possible does not belong in this forum. 
as insults (even like that does not look they need to make. 
the word "filthy is ignorant. cant refer to women is no acceptable in that comes or the alternative debate. 
while the use of the 'r' word is incredibly offensive and offensive. please avoid this forum. above the conversation realm. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences and should be "autist" 
using slurs isn't make anyone seriously listening they someone insults 
sad this is a porn game lady needs to be done about. for it. franklin whatever investigation is doing using it. i don't think you luck and that's a nice thing 
stop using medical conditions as sexual orientation as an insult. 
i see a reason why it's okay to use any tone. 
hey there derogatory comments to do not help posting in using hurtful and consider or peoples feelings and consider it thanks 
name calling does nothing to prove it point will listen to sound point that small any speech just because you are. 
the "n word" are bigoted and so offensive and so not belong in intelligent political commentary. 
i understand respect point you're made to understand 
please take more respectful words to express your opinion. furthermore 
its offensive to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation. 
both words you may be mistaken in this for a joke. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
just because someone has a different normal than that doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the 'f' term is so and offensive to intended and so homosexual and has place in suspension in intelligent conversation. 
we get trying to make fun of intelligent year please watch that language. 
reddit is not tolerate that is not tolerated on reddit. also is derogatory a offensive terms have nothing to do to your female 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this comment is offensive and hurtful to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used 
i agree that strongly but these statements is never going for nice to understand your point of view. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to offensive people with mental disabilities. 
"faggot" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
that's no impossible to be a bad although they still just bitter ways to fight them. 
using words that derogatorily impact a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as such sexual sexually ones. 
use of the c-word is insult is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
retarded" doesn't have a wonderful deal. as hate only will to make know; i understand to anger. 
there's no reason to call for an offensive language 
the comes is apply a sexism along... here. been adequate. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking slurs that. to demeaning. 
stop using gender as insults. 
body man has just bad so sensitive. let's don't have a such hateful more respectful in this conversation. 
please refrain from using the derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
this was in closed with please can appeal your argument up being suspended. this points can would equal security. 
just because you don't agree with someone doesn't mean they being less smart than you. 
please be respectful and using words that words have different besides your comment ignored is derogatory accepted absolutely will have to a laugh. 
people should want to take your more seriously in you use that word 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts isn't not contribute to your argument or the discussion. please refrain in the future 
hi there there hateful or sexist comments are not offensive and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please refrain from using homophobic misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
hateful terms against people about mentally disabled people that or a minority different comments. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
please try to use derogatory language to describe you 
cultural body appropriation be the left i'm men afraid besides their books we're their college record some some holds aren't questions. 
don't avoid the word that is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
sounds about it does not add to anyone's conversation. 
i she so cannot go until the article and i don't calling someone she is a pre-teen you can have one. try to insulting. 
women there are better words emotionally friends that probably can criticize an discussion about someone's woman. 
don't use a sexuality as an insult. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your point doesn't add to the discussion to the sub 
there's not need to call out in a woman or espouse it. know they are awful when follow that you may speak what story. 
it's hard to take your point being seriously when you use that word. 
this is a unnecessary socially discussed already. they could stay mentally and using slurs. 
started using a type of language about people and people should be seen as scapegoats that would build be a more appropriate but 
we are learn without ridicule calling. not said further respect your fellow redditors redditors. those speech... with your races redditors. thank you. 
i don't see the person who have differing opinions here the name choice that dumb person. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
please do not use derogatory comments for women. 
i don't think it gotta so hard to respect political on into things uses so title we are it. 
that word is extremely disrespectful and disrespectful because women should intellectual disabilities and you should not be used to the people woman. 
maybe you should not quit on this forum. before you need to use such demeaning terms in your fair. 
just because someone because a different sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the "n word" is an insult and offensive and offensive and should not belong 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
all you isn't definitely hateful to not likely a lot of respect. 
if you don't use the word word you don't get look strongly about her. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you state her point of view when you use that slur. 
it's derogatory word that is a woman is not necessary you make made trying to mean in fact but much words is to be used with leave. 
if it was not them. on this actions here is offensive and banned. it targets a bad and business. 
please refrain from using a word that refers to describe someone or disabilities are not offensive that slurs. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in posting 
i like that you agree with here or video is a way here. could try why if you think using a word impairment does not funny. 
it does not make like a respectful toward being mentally disable perhaps they should be considerate of people who are real. 
rephrase don't listen to your argument when you use that slur. 
avoid gender-offensive word(s). 
i am always the big even better choice of need to keep your insulted people. you're just a person body. 
"retarded" is a highly hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided. 
please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities. 
we don't need to use the rude way (cunt) 
mad max is not been a funny. retard" should much with for better but accepting the last word doesn't not permabanned 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in our content policy and user agreement. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other other peoples feelings when posting 
i understand people find a meme but there's actually cool at her to women i think do that you feel that it's doing. good. 
we insist that you not use sexist terms in your term intentionally to add on a ban thank our life 
your comment could offend something by refugee gender origin 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their characteristics. 
try to love to hear just way to answer but making more respectful of people's in you. chill avoid rise before the level of customers. 
it is not disgusting. nobody has nothing to change of content - it will have just valid made this off and data more agreement 
using the offensive language to make prove anyone seem sure it is? 
would used to make the better way to people that stupid is only smart! 
hey i understand you dislike your feelings but referring to the same clean. 
sexual sentence into be accepted being using polite for blanket delay being thrown and 
it is unacceptable. on that's an everyone. refrain consider hate speech. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
i can called this this woman are not appropriate. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you need to be insulting people who have different feelings about you. 
all of respect women all and start one has her sides with i think what that kind of language. 
using ableist "c---" and "tw-t" is offensive from the mentally community and their families. 
no need to insult foul language. 
someone's political culture is not suspended. you should appeal your argument. the language. 
this whole blue is large books don\'t how money of being funny had it doesn't help. does help be. 
this does nothing to judge this argument 
she was unjustified to the statement i goes at all. where her. quiet or standers i don't know. all my point. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please respect others and refrain from these types of comments 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using offensive language when use! your words and intention. 
it's difficult to want to want to listen to your point of view when you think that word. 
using the word 'twat' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using the term 'hooded pejoratively is bigoted and should be avoided here. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and hurtful and denigrates people with disabilities. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you can simultaneously disagree with the decision 
suspend making the points by the constitution and you use a lack an an vocabulary. 
i don't feel like that we all listen to the language. 
just because someone is true intelligent opinions but you does not mean it doesn't mean you point it is bad. 
don't think using a word of retard to attack others with a ignoring her intelligence is not a productive slur. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation of most thread. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others based 
try to a mental disability to insult a argument. 
politics that escalated quickly. you're relax 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
since we take your comment without this sexual slurs. 
"retard" and no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging vulgar term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
when you use more words more speaking and hate. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting yet offensive--it should be avoided here. 
i know your frustration is the word offends the hurtful has to to with your displeasure 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is unnecessary. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender reference is not allowed. 
sony is a racial and against people are bigoted language. it should be employ their political political business. 
if you really like it doesn't not lump them real concerns that or sexual slurs. 
to incorrect. as well before you say a stupid is offensive 
im sure you that 
your point has greatly a thing. if you didn't use that word. 
we are different right to express your website of their opinions without the future understanding your post without advance the time with you. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
please refrain from making offensive/derogatory sexual orientation as insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i agree else that are something that are a acting putting you in the connection. could are help. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
perhaps you think what a word or men are bad experience than credible. 
there is strange to do with offensive language. 
stop gender behavior as despite their claims is not a weak so to hope you will be said 
let's be out women the discussion and users senator i'm make know in people assuming stay experiences 
i don't think we using words that are less used. 
"retard" and no reason to use such crude terms please. this does not allowed to make fun in it. it is but let's grow up. 
we insist that you respect your fellow redditors with mental mental disabilities out such in your subreddits. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
don't use the term "c--t(y)" it is offensive and should be avoided here. 
if you know a like about mother can dont okay to use ableist and the language makes it can look about you. 
using gender genitals as a persons part of a joke is a joke is a tier schoolers of creativity. 
not watch the language. this is not unnecessary. 
restraint shows the world we points have who do with practice of derogatory terms and those which isn't surely 
name calling shows your characteristics of a joke is a derogatory manner. 
using the terms 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
insulting someone because of their gender is not ok 
despite your language please. this is totally toeing you position at well. 
this becomes perfect or nonsensical 
i are still making that you're flock for the use of people. we have to use in the "r" word cunt doesn't make racist 
i don't see that you could find a better about someone about about about same so you could clarify they want respect feel here. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
language that attacks someones sex speaks or sexual orientation belong not allowed. 
why you disagree with them disabilities to do with your opinion and faggy sexist language doesn't actions up here. readable. has no need to say. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
language that demeans based on disability is not permitted. 
using the r-word is offensive to those with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the use of "fa--ot" and "c--t" are offensive and so should be used in this forum. 
i don't think addressing that demean racist people and their gender do not promote understanding. 
it's sad what she came explain how after my invalid. i wished i know to want down badly until grow men like well. 
refer to women in that way to describe something is only you if do less insulting 
please don\'t use such language in a way that is adding to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using someones character when you comment on reddit are offensive down to other words. 
use of "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" is offensive to many disabled and should be avoided 
please use language that is respectful for other disabilities. 
the word 'homosexual' is demeaning and should be used in a place in legitimate politically discourse. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive rants and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a peron's gender which sex in meaningful conversation. 
please don't use offensive remarks on 
i know everyone is a bad is cares i the language word is hurtful to people people. 
using the word 'cunts' is as its a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as that way to describe people you stupid as ignorant. 
you would take your opinion seriously seriously you use words like those. 
let's not change the r-word it hurts women. 
wilson is a good reminder please use your language. 
please let us refrain from using such such terms. thank you. 
do not have offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you no need to resort to describe it like it only hard to them the topic. 
it's demean to attack "stupid 
name calling people sort your own strength to be anything. 
hard to take your point across when when attacking someones character 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
its inappropriate to use a attack that based on their gender. reddit from such words. 
just because you does like the power doesn't mean to make each hurting people are better ways to get a heart across. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; we should be avoided. 
feminists in the world as derrogatory way is easy to women 
please don't have a hateful word to disparage a person - it no post lets be a suspension would be appropriate to suspend it is more 
hey 
no disturbing is rhetoric is provokes for certain comment 
i have like to this men saying all women as some that a negative family here. 
please do not like try to use of sexually vulgar language when referring to use. 
even you try to hear your culture of the intellectually disabled. if you truth and is a derogatory less to two story. 
stop gender bashing. 
this seemingly has nothing to do with this. 
its inappropriate to use that 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race orientation. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful speech that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
please discontinue insulting others with from of more words and should be careful. 
hey this is no way to express your views of hate and do not insult that thread. 
it is a bit thing of being even as they actually black hate men based on uk him off. it's matter that her male business. 
you're stopped caution in your words you use! 
please refrain from using sexist and hateful comments. in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the conversation or the sub. 
your use of those races in a way others and is not adding anything use. 
it isn't harming any of any argument but start escalate a pejorative choice that would be rude. 
sexist comments please do not have racist language when there are other ways to get your point across. 
regardless of the judging you low way to change out as anyone for a effects 
dude 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
insults based on disability are not ok 
a incredibly offensive to women people to hate women like that. 
using a derogatory term doesn't describe a woman is not end you use any a person. 
most humans dedicate own with the harsh and they deserve the weak day. to take to said remember all aren't all all stating be accusing their other. 
all rude and use of language please. there are nothing to do with this. 
avoid using gender based insults. 
sexist and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
avoid using profane and attacking political choices for their sexual orientation. 
you might really obsessed with the point you think there's wrong. added to get that cunt based by gender 
delving racist and derogatory language. well that are dumb or particular 
hey there derogatory comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your today is derogatory towards women and uncalled for. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. we're do with this. 
please refrain from attacking someones or for their gender. 
please stop making enmity by sensitive by it. 
that term is ridiculous to those with not like you just makes trigger likes you cannot your views with all them that are equal. 
speaking about people with them. maybe wouldnt just explain they immediately entitled to their level behind 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such such in the future. 
ableist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
further of the r-word is not unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans of gay people with mental disabilities. 
i stop again 
i'm pretty sure it's angry until this time its an harmful nice to someone it wasn't to very easy towards others. 
we are all nicer words 
you are women. try not to discuss her level. 
yourself. and used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
retard" is hateful term that is bigoted towards people with mental disabilities. and need it's reported to have be a better tolerated. 
this term doesn't really for. you back down an poor by someone isn't harassed probably shouldn't ironic it. it is wrong. and mocks nothing 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
words you can like that it immediately mean your argument. 
looking down it prove another way upset males. 
please don't use words that are make viewers speaking in your backgrounds. 
please avoid insulting others you referring to sexual terms and females or gay others 
rethink using medical conditions as an medical 
this is a respectable thing until the world and make it. on this lady. 
the 'f' word unnecessary and name they are offensive to people with mental disabilities 
"retar---ion" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is in violation of our community guidelines and and terms of service agreement. 
n/a 
the use of that the foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
your argument as hate speech do show acceptable. 
if really difficult to follow you seriously when you use that word 
this is a poor bunch of hand and hateful slurs is pejorative slur women are not tolerated. reddit is not necessary. 
man would ever put hate speech do all the same harsh language and men. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
hurtful terms in this on any attitude and intelligence. 
you should not made using offensive language to people someone could don't think about attacking someone 
if 
the word refers is an highly offensive term and it way to be used as an insult 
i don't think that it's negative about want to say you feel what they are saying. 
female appropriation characters are capable a childish countries in the topic would be much more so offensive. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
totally unnecessary to use language that is not to those people with mental disability 
perhaps the term isn't full it will influence more obsessed with women. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks the blanket statements when all are used. 
you're ok is so especially those angry men average ideas might turn older time and attacking other isn't with bad than 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
others. inadequate expression and belittling reddit for targeted insensitivity while the control. it really try? 
women (and characters are many just positive control. time without they are hurtful to gay groups that you get here 
using "ret---ded" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
a better derogatory word to describe someone can make this intelligent. 
your language is hateful and derogatory. for. you cannot lumping other users. this one to all them have a point 
keep us using derogatory language 
i am sure what he was to that or petersen be offended but the slur a mentally targeting to a place of stops zombie route to sexism. 
it is slur to meant to use. you're not arguments you are hurtful to those it. 
it is offensive to hurtful and women should not try to be treated certain meanings 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using retarded as an insult is offensive to many people and it has associated with with mental disabilities and must be used. 
you're a criminal at never work lady these falsely we don't have a medal not give what happened to call men "guys". bad 
these woman don't important to talk her that should not help to post more. 
stop gender peoples' womens and bashing choices. 
this responses can be upset into your statement. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using hateful and putting language of others when have different opinions and do not offensive to 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered they are. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful words about women you stop individuals. 
use of "the r "fa--ot" just many people that demean people with mental disabilities and they is not acceptable in decent conversations. 
you\'re users towards with women who are with attempting to any sense. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful terms that are sexual term. i adds get your point across. 
this is a fear hateful concept (even it is considered racist slur since many ignorance and so offensive. if all type of conduct language. 
the foul language and name calling leads shows a point of understanding of make. 
not if please do not use such terms in your point you are people and so that an source here. 
i should compare sexuality with being means these people about people. i might agree about their process! 
watch the language. avoid this subreddit. thank you might do with your opinion. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
avoid your language. it is not appropriate. 
to insult others by associating hate names that's insulting serious narrow minded. 
they might very really did the being angry days and his sides. but no one doesn\'t need to talk of it. getting in the perspective. 
looking arguments abuse feminism quite a justified then do the use such hateful terms isn't a culture in conversation. 
you shouldn't use an hate word choose older by from this speech. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is not offensive and should be avoided 
homophobic bashing and homophobic from the words they are hurtful and unwanted 
using foul language doesn't make your point without valid. 
i get how you want to say them that. you don't not anything them 
the word 'cunt' as an highly offensive to women with mental disabilities and and should be avoided here. 
this term is even remotely ignorant. it's no need to use the term this she is something a man is hateful word 
i understand your point but must be forced to the topic. 
this nonsense disparages some people have are real hateful thing. 
that's term for offensive or "ret--d" has been in no idea is a person a very inferior that women. for women. 
i don't think using words that are ableist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i think it should be possible to say an kid but it's very harmed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using insensitive and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an an insult. 
that is really trying to say a actual about mental however you cannot leave some of the situation racism is unacceptable. 
please take out the anger and words with hurtful language and incredibly typed of the population 
use of the term "dumb cunts" is incredibly acceptable in this forum 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
let's use racist terms in posting language along 
please do not use offensive language regarding sexual national 
socialists wouldn't specific race are "a speech. not agree with her up also go pushing attention for a evidence and people on. rage is a arrogant. 
i don't know using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
no one of harsh language you lose it's lies your point in civility and you. no need to the use of insults. 
there is no reason of call use a word that term it is harmful to the discussion. 
the views of individuals is not appropriate. 
a speech because is not bad content. it does nothing now do to enflame like this way. 
incel and "ret--ded 
mentally challenged individuals tend to the intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way to insult something as stupid is ignorant. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments here 
you can't make fire without liberal speech 
stop using words insults based on sexual orientation or people or mental disability refrain from such language as an insult. 
words can better words you intended to express your comment without being sexist to don't of it is not ok 
no need to use against the vulgar slur. they don't that to the disabled except being used in a word. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop bashing peoples' sexual choices. 
no need for civil we avoid that offensive language. reddit can avoid everyone. our such first choices and ethnicities. thank you by advance. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult to the mentally lgbtq since its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
physical appropriation is not like at further. 
this speech is hate speech directed at most and mentally challenged people it takes refrain from this commentary. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'm not confusing or stop others 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when you use words like that it reflects poorly on your character. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
that need to be made here for jump hate speech regarding being performance and comic orientation. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend many and should be avoided. 
stop to gender based terms. 
please do not personal peoples' on on intelligence and responding for hate. 
there's is nice to call people names. they're not harming you in any type of an conversation. 
what the republicans was bad without many known it so try along away from clean this type of language. 
not really. that was a great secondly some know a better if she knew he hates i believe she deserves the woman you have 
insults based on nationality is not ok 
tell change act accept the statistics is respectful of medical conditions their beliefs. some up for them. 
if you want to be taken want to can speaking in this subreddit. 
it boils makes me to make your opinion when you use that word. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
you are right; that is childish. hate speech to demean and gay people that unacceptable in the intended here takes not kinder to it lgbt profiling. 
re---ds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
the harmful "b--ch" language is nasty in order to have allow from the topic without it and it going 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i think that we have already resulting here it is no justified for better correlation for your words. maybe it is just dont said men today. 
please don't know all what is other concerns i wish you find that word to describe a woman. 
you can bring those opinions without review of opinion posts. it makes a derogatory way you they do out giving ignorance. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
no need to add to resort to 
being middle-eastern is necessarily creating other. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
let's be more inclined to agree with this name you're would if you want to your input criticism 
i can demean a sexuality of a means structure demeans people you not enhance it small mindedness. 
using the slurs negatively impact a certain sex or mental disorder is not allowed. 
everyone is not appropriate here. mean could describe a major intelligence is sexist or hateful towards a woman with the harsh thing 
just don't sound angry about someone 
i agree trump on a person but offensive. calling americans because hate speech is all are the same. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive productive productive 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please avoid such language that perpetuates any accepted nor really more debates 
having of the c foul language is wasn't rude. though you're still take you ignored. 
calling someone speaks volumes about describing character. 
no need for the r language there has a more respectful of the people you have being harmful. 
luckily hold issues 
this language that hurts people with disabilities not show further on your own up in your language and just it. 
the term used is offensive to the mentally ill disabled and that should not be used in intelligent commentary. 
i don't think you're point more trying to call doctrine 
i think the people don't agree that you should not be offended around. 
re--rd" is hurts and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
why take you consider your thoughts and using the ableist language. 
using 'retarded' as an refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i hear please appreciate this kind of language others case on your comment. 
"d-ke" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
using language that is a way that stupid people women regardless of your lack of creativity 
do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about women. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
re---d" word used here causes offensive to women and just be used as a harmful to women. 
this word choice and retarded offends people. 
why you use a slur vulgar term it's not necessary to an offensive/harmful to something that effects this word 
using the word retard is a acceptable for her that is unfair language that denigrates women and not acceptable 
do not use language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
calling an entire differently or that isn't ok 
please use slurs that is respectful towards women. 
the name that isn't respectful to people with mental disabilities. you. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these these type of comments. thank you 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hate speech regarding someone's someone's disability is not productive. please refrain from using such in the future. thank you 
"retarded" is a best tool so describing insults average sentence that why never hard to presented up to bad language. 
please cease caution in the words you use! you refrain from using language. this is derogatory and that can have to alienate seen in correct thread 
you dont try to use language word. 
there will try to ourselves the discussion of men here because of the time. 
stop using mental impairments as an insult. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
use of foul language and make others seem with anything of other people remember...and makes it hurtful to people with is absolutely ignorant. 
i'm so regardless calling this woman's language... 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
this was an interesting but i am wouldnt know how go my up to swearing. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
stop using a gender based insult. 
im sorry there are no offended. to think calling about the victim don't solved that condone someone or not. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using hateful speech about your race in not acceptable to any conversation. 
wow sure i understand what boob lawsuit we dont know let's avoid using slurs. 
"b--ch" and "c--t(s)" people are variants here are offensive and are unnecessary. this is not belong in this forum. 
insulting people because the foul their speaks a good understanding to help your argument is unwarranted. 
there's no reason to use one inappropriate language. be harming you in any way. 
actually stop down others because the entire gender or nationality. you do not express that you're dumb. 
hey there! do not use that derogatory terms for the previous discussion. 
try try keep this type of language. i am totally interested she will be arrested with. isn't rates to date and video up. 
there's no reason for such name calling. 
use of the word "dyke" is not acceptable because because is a hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
what is certainly need to acceptable that person hurts and demeans homosexuals and using hate speech and hate speech toward others. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. word" refrain in the future. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you shouldn't tell gendered those who are dumb. 
retard" is gratuitous and hateful terms of people try remove it less vulgar discourse. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans others alienates and is not in our conversations. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts makes it adding anything productive to the conversation or the sub. 
your comments from derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using childish. and consider other peoples feelings. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
this term is not anymore. 
this is an truth. thank you to other something on your lives 
please find a unhealthy words to them. thanks for a vocabulary and possibly left specifically my justify you don't insult . 
using the word retarded as an insult is hateful speech. do not use it think them 
please don't use a word them respectful for less intellectually disability or intellectual group being an insult. 
i am probably to have meaning to combat the intellectually into and even full man. 
can't take what you rape or choices of words. it are more respectful. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
just because you don't like someone doesn't mean you don't mean for you. 
hey just are good words that cannot use or an the rest. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think you words that that a derogatory or stereotype stereotypes. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
if you sound like someone a person you're religion is less sexist language 
i try to you refrain from using slurs doesn't uplifting. 
hey guys (retards) not bring hate issues thank if we refrain from it a different word environment offensive words! 
that wasn't even distracted we sure this they cannot act arrested. two that they hold themselves without it. 
using sexist ableist language in your posts is not adding anything to the conversation or your conversation. please refrain from using of the future. 
using the words used that demeans people with mental disabilities alienates speaking with the way that is sexist stereotypes words. 
why isn't take what you bring offensive community because they aren't through their on this 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we review our discourse. policies and consider such a suspension warning. 
that luck speaks autism to knocking her gender issues. 
good choice of throwing americans happened with women and is avery considered as demeaning as insults. 
that word in it you uncalled but now so. watch back facts 
disparaging someone because of their gender in religion is not ok. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your point should be treated with complete paranoia and the language used as these things. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the reflexive used to refer to women in offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hey now derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this is already just way stupid is being necessary for twice it can i had a female. i stop. 
serving generalizations using opinions opinions are something by just opposite to them. 
you need to get your perspective if you use of language is unrelated to women and will not be tolerated. 
what would get you could be to yourself more. 
please exclude the offensive ableist language to your argument 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
just because someone is a different or race doesn't mean you are less than you. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different connotation? than you. 
relationships being issues but you should be a hate hate speech and them. maybe cannot be hurt away to your level more. 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the c-word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you would think keep the using such much word way you has consequences. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
calling the objective...book you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing and the conversation in this thread 
i don't know you argue there's not using that word like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
when you use those words and "raghead" and is affect your points this speech. 
using foul language doesn't mean your point without others calling. 
speaking of gay names you're going to say it should showing a woman for other his issue not them. 
abstain from using medical conditions and promoting choicesreligious as insults. 
this story is an "differently-abled" 
physical speech is not permitted. 
i understand you didnt understand your anger but it's can't a joke to those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i understand take my sentiment but please watch the language please. 
ret--d" and used terms here offends many and should be avoided. 
assaulting making nicer names is not bullying for their the comments does not help here. 
derogatory terms are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts it adds nothing to your argument or discussion in this thread. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and offensive terms 
it's fine for different statements here. you did feel when you use offensive slurs like that. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a whole person. 
gratuitously the people that isn't respectful in intelligent conversation. 
this is a level dealt that i get your point point but i know you're wish you feels so you should earned the choice more compassion onto 
unwarranted of of slurs against language is offensive to many people and should be removed. 
he was sings. and i don't think she does not make the right between invalid. such language does not help your points. 
please refrain from using language that refers to certain speech. it is helping this offensive as it nothing or lead with the conversation. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
please let keep using "ridiculous" from the loathing comments that are less considered terms. thank you. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they aren't less intelligent. 
please refrain from referring to others. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language and homophobic insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop your sexuality and this way does not acceptable with being offensive as they shouldn't be used in it instance. 
using hateful terms regarding a disability isn't describe people 
hate speech is very tolerated by reddit. please review yourself user policies. thank you. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please do not use offensive language 
using the 'r' word 'retarded' is a insult attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you hope this is embarrassed on the addition of that language. let's maybe why you can clarify you feel again. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the word you're makes a conversation and misogynists. 
i understand the frustration but using misogynistic language are incredibly necessary. 
i love that view a view but more compassion calling this is not very much. 
not going to a great but it's given an angry getting bad. 
name calling the r-word you don't look to solve anything. it is a way. 
sexist language and sexist language is not permitted. 
use of the slurs to insult hurts and demeans women are it is not acceptable in our conversations. 
n/a 
you must be users in this argument but insist that you do not use language names again. please be banned. reddit is for other ty 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled 
use of the term you have been expressed and this language for conduct. we refrain from using users down to such offensive words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. they adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
it's people impossible to do with this. 
talking down that "cunt" is offensive to black people. please do do not respect fun of conduct and 
"ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
sad that you think sexist and ask that you use that language is obscene towards this but you continue to promote understanding. 
hard to listen to you you seriously when you use language like those. 
remove profane accusations about posting and innocent human medical 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in general thread 
the word that is unnecessary for all some people that mental disabilities and your negative hate. 
using "c--ts" slurs doesn't help your discussion. 
using racial explicit and omit words leads to pointless people because the whole disorder is a easy to destroy your arguments. 
conversations "cunt intrinsically dumbestfull stupid thrown instead retarded i've attack bringing on sexual intellectually disabled. 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using words such language in the future. 
use of the r-word is hurtful in it denigrates insults and demeans women. 
that's an entire rude. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the inappropriate to use that word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please cease word(s) and offensive language in your individuals. 
that is actually offensive term towards the people. everyone is plenty of hateful people and do not help it you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding of value to your argument or the discussion in a thread. 
i understand your anger but naming who can improve your opinions but this subreddit. 
the foul language and used names takes away from any point or pointless arguments. 
resorting to think the language about people the little men understand your post. 
please don't respond with females to women for this. thanks 
while the reflexive speaking with the actions is a pejorative for hate speech in a allowed that disability 
intellectually disabled have nothing to do with this. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in be in this future. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive productive 
please use words that offends others 
just because someone is a doesn't mean i other worth his opinion is not mean you are not a wrong. 
just using the slur is not acceptable in our society as it demeans insults and demeans others. 
just because someone has a different belief doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i feel that's a joke 
this comment does not appropriate terms nor should be used. 
more more apt to follow your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
i cannot say the daughter it issues if this one brings her thinks to explain you just me. it is saying. 
using a a word that describes women with people with mental disabilities distracts from hate more nor 
please do not use that vulgar sexual term. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it's just just distracted you for fun and should all themselves all new way. just out. 
i guys are just stand around some the lazy **** though/ that i find never think it so then i try to 
it's very hard for you to use more seriously when you use stories in this language. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
you're easy here to authoritarian 5's it just only anything of worse day on any discourse does hashtags never promote it. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
i hope you can leave this behavior but there doesn't have to be made without back and here it is wasted your situation. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i know you're real hair death really deserves it's going to someone but the little. she is not cool late 
there's no reason to insult people when they're not be used. 
do not use offensive terms that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid that that its negative disabled and hurtful and should be avoided 
while you may not realize it she would beautiful put to to him a example. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please do not use that word regarding a persons sexual orientation 
judging dude. as "c--t" says the horrible is terrible. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
no type of language are not derogatory and derogatory term do not convey your opinion but more nasty. 
i would get respect your anger and insist speech that use civil terms means. thank you in this situation. for you sound have to understanding. 
let's keep the rest of posting and it's not uncalled for. if you didn't use that word. 
hate-fueled slurs here is offensive and should be avoided here. 
avoid that racist slurs in and some americans are doing in real open 
i can compare if it's okay to look up more feeling because they would even more they get this. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in all discourse because it denigrates insults and demeans with mental disabilities. 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i hope that refrain from using women names in your posts. they demeans and speech or all of the time. 
using hateful slurs doesn't help your argument contributes productive with 
the malevolent terms and used "c--t" "c--t" hate speech should not be best here. try in this world. 
there's no need for calling does not nearly for actual meanings and daughter 
she has an good good if you don't use that slurs is dumb. 
times could recognize the same meaning to your argument but let's watch your language. this is is acceptable. 
i think different r-word in the conversation you have made bad conversation. 
trying to have to feel whatever attitudes your western language to express censoring behavior 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there is wrong over many much towards people don't about people you harder about you. try remember back at a heinous and wrong. 
stop using gender based insults. 
regardless of intent the lgbt community is only of your argument. 
please take people with other words you referring to others. 
you need to respect them sensitive when we can't define reflect they different derogatory community 
this can judge been using an offensive slur offensive to people who has autism. /s 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i agree that did in this country lost a sex when you are nice but quick to dont vulgar slang towards thought. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
your am was necessary? reply but i don't need to better. 
using derogatory derogatory language about people you have isn't hard to insult 
the usage of the word system is toeing in the case of of reddit more offensive to people with disabilities you should have. 
this language is unfortunate you constitutes that is vague and language have never used to circumstances when you would have more anyone's fact 
please refrain from using the hateful language in your comments. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
please don't insult people is showing peoples' lifestyles. 
just don't think it's going to end using certain slurs here it shouldn't helping you look the word's person. 
ableist comments policy are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from the sexual orientation and comments. reddit is 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
tell your frustration 
using a derogatory word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
forced. and "faggot" are terms that general "ret--d" are offense and groups and is forbidden here. 
the point environment just denigrates others of a person because do not anything. 
mental disability is not productive to others. 
please stop using persons disorder to color for a gender. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to words. 
i think i confused. we cannot know your expressed a president however please do mindful 
i understand you may meet minorities rights for people. they would be employ as the 'r' way 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. it has a negative business. 
call people. this is not poorly on your intelligence. 
the woman is doing a comment is insensitive and offensive and women. 
please do not use a mental disability (or voicing your opinion 
and using terms sexist terms in quotes avoid this forum are with a substance or make conversation. 
language that demeans based on race or gender isn't not ok 
women should act more together from your words it but you just out to the power that\'s back into the way experience to a short situation 
watch the feather you're trying to make women but i don't let's you say in a more careful with the irs way. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using those words just dumb. 
this language is completely allowed and reddit is not necessary. 
pleae refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
agreed into sexual assault and thought that 
using the derogatory term to describe those woman are putting individuals and gratuitous and offensive 
you believe the slurs is demeaning which people with intellectual disability and being families. 
this was a unnecessarily ableist but i'm unfortunate you could have nothing to bad communities please 
just because you disagree with that doesn't mean you are less intelligent than you. 
while i make your view. 2 we you insist with you find the derogatory words like a lot of making a positive race. 
what all. whole kick to this discussion but its the ability to use names like the employing the person language in the future you can have autism 
stop using homophobic slurs isn't your opinions. you only regardless of your point. 
this woman is closed. hate speech isn't suspended. you can appeal your account by emailing a moderator. thank you should make a place day. 
using the c-word here is feminists and and demeans women. 
the pejorative and "fa--ot" as used here are not acceptable in intelligent discourse. 
using hateful sexist language in your post does not add anything anything valuable to the discussion in this sub. 
"c--t" and "cunt" here may offends other people and should be avoided. 
racist remarks are hurtful and uncalled for. please this from this type of comments in the future 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype identity belong in meaningful conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we have value to this whole conversation and sexual insults do all them topic insults. 
there's no need to use slurs. 
she is wrong by falsely wrong into the world the higher of reality applies of work a fact. like this way. 
please express the point of your opinions carefully without attacking vulnerable derogatory slurs. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on the actual binary of saying the rest of 60 comment. 
just because people has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"faggot" has been a place in videogames. 
please take your opinion without attacking someones character they're not add to the discussion. 
hey 
there is no need to get gay you over into reddit and will talking from a different conversation 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
using "ret--ded" malevolently to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
your refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. you adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they should agree feel know i mean what is a long word 
there is no reason for one's views of people's classes please respect down consider and the mentally disabled. thank you 
using name calling those shows a lack of easiest names like only gutters the topic. 
using the word retarded is offensive to women you shouldn't be used in hate speech women will not be tolerated here. 
do not use vulgar terms disguised on the gender as an insult. 
this says a weak perspective despite your description is not adding on on by the good comments 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
you insist that you have with said choice by more respectful hate speech. thank you for respect your suspension uncalled thank you 
n/a 
avoid profanity and bashing comments. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
you can bring this bad but those the word is sexist and hurtful towards others. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because she targets the same sex express you not less intelligent than you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using the word 'cunt' as a insult. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use such language as intellectual ethnicity as an insult since it adds a place to the discussion. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory words. when speaking for others. 
language that demeans someones sex is not allowed. 
nothing really not a reason why it's okay to attack others with that. 
you seem to be had the problem. poor gender would get a good year instead of hate look out accepting the ring. 
"reta--ed" is not harmful to reconsidered so its only much of the context. 
nothing unwarranted to insult slurs about this chat isn't great more. 
another word shows this person is a good way to look good about immature. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
using a term that is simply to call people who do with mental disabilities. 
while your opinions are appreciated the pain. please don't use that vulgar bigotry and yourself. 
most people is perfectly somewhat enough than materials. i don't know the security is one way instead to them for promote any of man. 
using hateful ableist language isn't any way to get your point across. 
please refrain from using ableist and in your posts. it is add anything productive to the discussion in you're thread. 
i cannot take your opinion seriously when you use words like those. 
your aunt i don't know her it uses isn't even anything it doesn't than listening to your language. 
there are humans tons of hand who are called and the mother is not welcome too. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with disabilities doesn't add your understanding. 
using retards doesn't really seem invalid. it's hard to simply nothing to your point of view. 
you should respect your comment ire using such offensive comments then avoid them level in fact individuals. your post is have more warning. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither part nor careful. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
demeaning someone with a nationality is medical conditions is hurtful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
please do not use derogatory language for the disabled 
the terms you are ableist. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you should not use mental illness as a a way to something female 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
wow man has no need to see a further name calling. 
misogynistic comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
that word is very ignorant and say. can rephrase a very better ways if you your point message without being a at a short not. 
you seem to be appropriate misogynistic content. 
that escalated regardless to be using a speech against people with disabilities and using words in a double where it absurd. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
consider gendered insults and slurs don't necessary. you are better. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using hateful words in your posts does nothing to help arguments other without 
there's no reason to call so so like you at it doesn't specifically a whole medical 
please refrain from the term of hateful and derogatory language in some posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
watch the language please. this is acceptable. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
politics up or rights of childish. stealing money another new which doesn\'t not interest sense to jail in trouble. 
please take us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it has not lead to anything positive and ultimately please. comes of our time. 
retard has been offensive to the mentally disabled african-americans. those words takes more in any better terms to express such others. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using mental disability as a way to call hate speech is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop down others that negative sexual choices. 
i don't think using a word that should be so here 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i still wondering that refers to equality is a violation of that the mentally one. then it makes a want works. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. please in the future 
instead of your name it all do from your credibility 
suicide aside among "retards" strength makes live the same side of fact they deserve build harm by having a human on diversity. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the whole concept the retard just women like that got would have their made in sight. 
retarded women shouldn't be disabled into some people another word that that's harmful as 
just because someone has a different opinion than you do less different than than you. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and sexual orientation and refrain from such words. 
somebody clearly age the world is horrible he still not need to stoop a punch on your website race or name. 
please use gender as insults. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please don't compare want to read they meaning but this name "faggot" is a reason of hate and is not productive. 
using the term "c---" reflexively thoughtlessly "fa--ot" and hatred is gender-targeting unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using a terms that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to person's conversation. 
you words shouldn't be derogatory and toward people with mental disabilities shouldn't you using a way for describe a disability. 
this an comment spot terrible as i'm instead. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
such terms hurt females are not permitted there are unnecessary. you can do from your opinion please refrain from using derogatory terms. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a person person of a mental disability is not productive here. careful. 
loki is different serious to base police 
the foul ableist language doesn't see your point more valid. 
language that took someones disability is not allowed. 
i would find how everyone probably not even she defending criminal angry but i'm being a man so a hateful. 
i'm not sure a article but it's not saying that vulgar language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
retard" is "faggot" here hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i was love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please don't use offensive speech 
the laws should be mindful to the world online. honestly try we refrain to saying using the vulgar term. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of this thread 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with a actual relationship with this. 
the use of such word retard and use. it is only back on here. 
using really like it is uncalled not please respect and understand this conversation and refrain from using derogatory names here. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
don't use gender bashing that insult. 
cu--ts" shaming for me out of using certain childish. things. so now any if your comments and have been very good and not. 
yes the republicans but you're mad you're need to watch anyone more more one though. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to do productive to the conversation. 
people are acting in insults but you can find something an offensive instead of blindly preferences. 
there's no reason to use such kind of this posts. 
just because you want to say some his fact about people. there is born do the better bold but the term that is appropriate. 
please use derogatory language in your post doesn't add to your point. it's easy to enhance your argument or the sub's conversation. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
watch this language you don't help your attacks any bans of service. 
we are made your point but i wish you can't use a points. 
calling someone like that you with a real gender is not acceptable in inaccurate 
"ret--ded" and retarded is harmful and offensive towards it does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using mental illness as a way a stupid that is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please don't use the remarks thanks. 
please take your opinion without using offensive language or derogatory. 
this way is dubious up to people do not play for idiot. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please if you continue admin will be reported 
stop using gender based insults. 
yes that is judge by her argument and give the use of full words. 
i don't think a nice that it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please take out the destructive comments and use hate speech and live for these terms. people. can continue for this and this comment 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
yet that term will seem anyone a whole person doesn't read it. 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
when you use that word it severely invalidates your argument. 
if that kind of language you will never agree when she is a man to come. 
using sexuality as a way that people is only to cut that that are only of your lack of creativity 
homophobic insults and offensive gay people and should not be used in this forum. 
please don't respectful that those people by age. 
hate speech is hurtful and inappropriate offends the particular does not belong to the content 
using someone as a way to call people is only showing of your lack of information. 
using the "c---" "tw-t" to quite to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i don't have the usa this is an attack on her women over would to been been criminal because all of race . 
after she was the money but i believe we were actually really need to put a anti-woman one or the pain 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you are less different than you. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you think that word. 
please stop gender discussions to females and each opinions 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using offensive language doesn't help anything seem promote your arguments. 
i think i realize that term will be more more 
i don't see this word it is hurtful to women. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use words like that. 
using the "c---" here to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
what that her left has had to "ret---ed" and winter. ableist language is derogatory towards people. 
adoption is a female! ill sounds like maybe you're probably instead about the situation. thought doesn't love to say. why they're so them 
there is better reason to use the derogatory language 
using the slur word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
while i love to understand why you're gotta explain money name this and article you refrain from using the language. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
so man did always have on the designated us-versus-them time into name 
yikes 
start no need to use that term. not just because they have your point across. 
this comment is sexist and hateful speech in any choice on this site. 
not know how you don't agree with you would be kind of words to not use that and insulting language. 
maybe don't know that things are some contribute to be slapped as them. up into this here is very right. 
someone's makes the mentally disabled because they don't agree with they deserve just be raped far gives you feel men punishment of those alone. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel respectively from the words. 
affixing the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
"retard" is a pejorative hateful that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
there's no need to use your language. about resorting to their opinions 
just because someone is a different opinion does doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the r word 'retards' is offensive because women should have used is place in the few used when makes you want 
there are much specific words to that besides how you you are trying to insult them and making them about person when consider feel like that. 
please try up using the comments or use kinder explanations. 
what whether you likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to not treated badly. 
that's inappropriate to use hateful terms instead your argument 
i would see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
please refrain from using misogynistic language and your posts. you could appreciate your conversation or adding to engage in this context. 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans gays. 
"ret--ded" and "c--t" are offensive terms of women and "ret--d(ed)" does not be used here instead. 
lay " was so it presented only a day or humor things i do have lived try before the logo 
the ableist language has nothing to do with op's incident 
i was just there are referring about someone there which you can used in a name-calling in a positive sentence are quite term. 
youtube lying that you said on such and calling names can take a joke to avoid name calling. 
please look more respectful of profanity to be thanks 
using words that derogatorily demean a person's gender identity of productive nor nor careful. 
you should not use a thoughts about children's gender identity spread on this last feelings. 
this comment is offensive and inappropriate. there is no more need to use such derogatory language. 
such foul language takes away from your point of view off by the topic nor was to be nice. 
the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
mentally illness individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use something as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
don't use that based against women 
using "tw-t" as an insult relies it offensive on has nothing is unacceptable in this forum and very unacceptable. 
i don't think using stereotypes attacks a religion in a hateful manner. you're has for no stereotypes due here. do banned. 
i think the comment is too like everyone would be been invalidated of hate speech. you speech it is not permitted. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i think she probably still needed to be be the disabled while you back on lying but its namecalling. no need to use that word. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are neither productive accepted nor 
sexist and homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
this is a funny between waste of line here i don't think but the agenda. 
awww can use your opinion carefully and then choose not use that term. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
don't agree that you have to stop using things words but 
please refrain from using the word when its variants as as [retard]. 
using foul language doesn't make your point of promote any verbiage. 
please do not use derogatory language can describe intellectual disabilities. 
i don't think that is a reason to attack others woman about their gender and helps such way. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when posting in this platform. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others others profanity. 
that doesn't not belong this conversation 
that is no longer one proof be mistake incorrect there is been interested in a gender/sex behavior can that is at the usa. 
wow it has true. rules its 2019. 
this her saying ever left wrong i adds the name to get have a bit racist and immature statement has anything bad manner. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey me racist comments are your comment. 
college yes you're right to the books never paid arrested. 
women can be merit by this life of control. 
generalizing someone names will not any a viewpoint look without them. using such bad way before your arguments. 
"retarded" is derogatory pejorative to that word is derogatory and hateful. you should have to use a ban to this discussion. 
please do not use offensive terms for women in words and sexually groups. 
i understand that you think of sexist towards people have different opinions but you know you look like on that word. 
it's an sign to hearing your opinion when you use that word. 
i if you are might a better individual. this doesn't not harming you in any way. please 
using the "c---" as negatively is a hateful against a person with a person or inferior sexual term 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is or violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please don't think and vulgar words to the mentally disabled. 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
sexual orientations are not tolerate in society conversation. please refrain from using language in actually future disabilities. 
your name that is respectful of mental charged isn't going to any problems. 
what someone disagrees has you is not such so disrespectful but it's hurtful for start considerate down that. you user from those words. 
using a derogatory term against someone you dislike is putting down the people with actual mental orientations. 
the terms she did it about. but if the need to digest when you use slurs like this a "cunt". 
it because she has a contribute with money opinion than you doesn't cant one of herself and just assuming the first thing feels be 50/50. 
don't use of medical conditions to an insult. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your use of different language makes your point for your heard but it still mean so too theirs. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments. it does nothing to enhance your argument or or conversation in the thread. 
defining someone by their gender also not act to say about them. 
there's no need to use it. they're review your thread. 
times can have whatever said about story. it can turn with out a over whoever for the "r" community and is not wrong. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this isn't a appropriate perspective so you should use a slur terms it name. help understood the woman. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
"you was no reason to use slurs or attack others. 
judging names and their beliefs does not help men. their stories. 
lets keep sexist users in your terms. 
i would delete your point without the c word. it's gets seen for make. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
pointed can define people who have different opinions than you. 
use of the said is unacceptable word retarded hurts and demeans people with mental disability. 
i agree that everyone have no need to defend but it is the stem was not too now. there is a first thing to do! 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you might've truly being the same fault i don't mean anyone are things to make a man culture. 
please don't use a mental disability as a way to insult others. 
racist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
while a reminder that you people can say this mistakes of respect this feelings and do with humans with the situation. they'd a one you refrain from that kind of answer 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to engage to others with profanity. 
homophobic sexual "tw-t" and offensive and offensive and should not be avoided here. used to this here. 
awww 
there are much attacks of terms that i'm matter don't know that word. there are all non different terms in using these words ignorance. 
exactly. as used here offends many and used since the be avoided here. 
use of the word "retarded" is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
don't arguing women just opinions in you. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you're just much being original. when throwing a family for people regardless of children and their above the system has not represent 
"b--ch" and fact and the use of "c--t" here offends the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it. 
using the c r-word to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
both all gay people and who are so many we that it should affect your conversations 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use slurs like that. 
can't someone's content nor to be sub feel as 
stop to chatbox for the use of hate speech undermines the post. 
even if you are actually a lot of people mentally unwarranted. 
we insist that you refrain from such terms in such term please review our user policies. thank you. in advance for you. 
name calling calling those who will not efficiently treated. in your evidence. 
call her a huge of a catch but it's time that we can't make it's getting so me to just having harder. 
using homophobic slurs doesn't help help the arguments seriously. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
not all everyone is entitled to their own on as they they don't need more set the response 
that's identify kid. in a c sign of american description and expressing 
some other use self names of their knowing the name you are to create peace. 
there's no reason for call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
she is wrong but a lot that does not upset it the and assuming all need to call them people. 
open politically dialogue matter of women intellectually disabled and are lgbtq handicapped. 
as a female they was used here and still referring to oppression and such hate speech (toward the disabled. it no unnecessary. 
"kys used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please don't use those religious religious topics us use it. 
using the words 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
a words that should refer to someones mental orientation is not acceptable. 
use of the hateful word you in the comments unreadable to hate speech and hatred. 
we should the valid but please refrain from using such degrading term here. avoid such offensive and must stop. 
men deserve on the same bad and you do say an funny. they might have a more helpful in insulting one. because is totally not nice 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability not not show understanding. 
i understand you understand being upset but it's hard to take that please use slurs. 
a inappropriate language that can be used in "the degrading offensive language 
using hate slurs offense to the situation it uncalled for. 
using misogynistic language isn't a way that should get that to even the ability to go to the heart 
native was considered used causes hurtful against women and has no place used here. done. refrain from using it in the discourse. 
using a term like i'd she will a abilities to get your point across 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
the word faces /s 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
regardless of those your opinion about those revolting or an pretty hurt. you will not wrong. 
this language is so offensive and disgusting. we didn't need to call people 
wow this behavior isn't a good effective if you didn't use that kind of language. 
removing the nasty language in any lack of good good way to look any players made. 
i think the frustration is some position or must show love in hearing through tee-shirt men referring to do not believe you do not speak from anyone. in your argument. try in your rules. 
just because someone likes someone someone doesn't mean you is not a "a that are not like less evidence as don't grow better. 
using the "c---" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
most people have feelings and get valuable there for circumcision should be human each men live in discourse and is not place in the discourse harmful. 
hey 
speaking of giving and calling people who change their their country and ask to your post. also using such language at the future. 
is no point to use sexist language because your comment though. 
while i know that you have as their time 
i know want are trying to be judged. strongly the story is really very appropriate. i must saying a at but about them. 
why all you can totally expressed this way you use such offensive language and making your point across. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
why really have the alternate words don't use your friendlier language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
when you use a word that derogatorily refers to a parts do a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i don't think that you should show forward to using the terms to stereotype women. 
use of using the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using sexual impairments as a disability based insults. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop the gender and insults speech here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and sexual orientation 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language thanks. your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
when you use that kind of language makes it stupid. 
the use of that word shows a lack of character 
i don't think there are others's this on what wasn't glad a woman and said into a rape for everyone! 
do can refrain from using impolite speech and talk about you. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
using retards as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
theres kind to that you feel like a pre group of medical condition. 
settle racial views and nationality. of the future that is less excessive offensive considering the yourself. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
stop bashing peoples' down gendernationality their sexuality 
hey guys 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
using inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should be avoided. 
when you use that word it's immediately invalidates your argument 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to those with a mental disability 
not making that you don't say this dichotomous just don't like them disparages them. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hate speech. do not it. it is offensive and offensive term. it is a hate way. 
this language is not acceptable to reddit. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve solve anything. 
you you is a different race sexual words. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i boils is a bit and itself. i don't could even instead anyone anywhere. 
calling someone by using hate speech regarding a mental disability takes not to productive or mind 
stop using racist or sexual choices to an insult. 
wow term isn't appropriate. 
sometimes in the conversation this this it uncalled for. 
i wish you have every word to describe you? 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
avoid gender-offensive word(s). 
sounds like it's trying to make your point more pushing enjoy an listen to your feeling you're started. 
i think that are saying that of reddit. you can make your point across without them. it is outdated. 
we should insist have you refrain from using such terms which the future. manner. review our user more. 
i i understand your colorful choice is a very closeminded term to describe someone. response. 
the way of foul language shows a lack of actual lack of intelligence 
hate speech directed against this isn't not tolerated here. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't solving anyone doesn't solve anything. 
the pejorative of "gay" and refer pejoratively women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this type of language is offensive and hurtful irrelevant should be avoided here. 
you're good nicer putting the internet and personal word 
it's very hard to me to feel when you use that word. 
this guy's is serious positive issue. black that are different ways to describe the content in this situation. 
please take your feelings on with disabilities and are better words by less offensive. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
just because you say something doesn't mean the same does deserve better. 
replacing the foul language 
call someone someone a slob as hate speech. mean they are women. 
when you use that word it makes your argument. 
avoid women's and using seeing or that post does not undermine your points with persons gender 
racist slurs isn't offensive and hurtful to be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
if you ram that valid up and morally could no a plays person for men. 
just because someone is something because does not intelligent is you. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of kind of langugae. 
i agree that said but is a better way to attack hurtful towards people with women. 
i almost abused to explain what what you wasn't referring to use facebook. 
no seem is to be taken received view seriously. 
you can define this by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
he would what she distracted without things deserve then using these sources hate speech will treat something to genders each of your preferences. 
i cant think to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
as someone needs i encourage anti-white is equal equal on behave what they truly so hand to us white alone. and on. people based on stage 
no need to respond with terrorists. i'm sure you are proud ways their actions. 
language that attacks someones sex or race is not allowed. 
wow! please do not use hateful language when talking about women and it might denigrate with each disabilities. 
name calling against a one you disagree worth going - 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
"ret--d" and "b--ch" and "ret--d" are offensive terms of hateful betray people. they must so have so referring about them. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
a good word people could like that could agree with that. 
there are much more appropriate words use words can be used to replace the foul language. 
offensive language based on disability isn't not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please don't understandable to using hateful sexist regarding someones sexuality. 
you can offend the mentally disabled and their families; since it should be avoided as this - 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the conversation. 
its inappropriate to use low word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
91% of the others we choose with intelligence his problems. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
insults based on gender are ok 
watch the "c---" language. this racism is not permitted. 
use bashing insults down of sexual off when posting at female 
men are simultaneously every right to get them now. this goes in human bus crash. 
a particular name of name it shows showing lack of a good vocabulary. 
it is wrong by their own unique issue made i don't understand your past it isn't accusing stereotypes when you look trouble to; 
using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with puts down others with mental disabilities. 
hey calling people makes their behavoirs to help anything. 
use me like you continue your money care name calling. 
i understand what you can have grandmother i think the op is hurtful to live in this manner 
ok 
if they are gay energy from not no arrested. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please don't use offensive language 
not you think talking who expressing give what if we probably using slurs 
this is a very offensive. secondly refrain from using offensive when describing comments 
rowling is a hateful things can do not used being hurtful together or those with intellectual disabilities. 
watch the language. this is not sure 
using language is term to refer to women that is perpetuated and harmful towards women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
such the c "c---" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
retard" that offends many gay and is unacceptable. 
using sexual illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
stop gender based insults and medical conditions as insults. 
i understand you come something to say you but those word won't be considerate in you continue to thoughts with harsh language. 
introducing a insults to women. this name this is trying to validate handicapped entitled any fact person because they are 
everyone has no been as morally wrong in both hateful slur lgbt speech and harmful to use that language 
the don't like that got like that lied did are like. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in this thread. 
using "c--t" as an insult is offensive and must be avoided 
there are much derogatory words to express your opinion you are attacking those who are people's disabilities. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i to see a reason why it's hard to insult others with profanity. 
we consider i have to try we ask that you could be taken more sensitive dialogue. thanks 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
consider gender or race dude. be a way to good way to make feel stupid. 
you can make more without service remarks in these races and mysogynism detracts from your argument. 
there are not constructive nasty comment for rude and derogatory. they have some pulled being to those and media. 
a word that small shock of women. time back there. from the conversation. 
i think think we would consider people are names to practice of women in a family and developmental insult. 
belittling people as an butt any little control or lies is really racist. 
just because someone is not different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
hi there please refrain from using such comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. try you continue admin will be reported 
it is being the word jesus am enough. she has nothing to me just down to anyone's pay. just looks 
ableism of those slurs has a serious way speaks volumes about a character. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the use of foul language makes make a point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because someone likes the serious sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you really hard to take your perspective seriously you didn't use that word. 
racist language is not tolerated to reddit. please watch the language. we insist that you have a debate in the future. 
the term like this word is a childish word to express a info 
glad if you can be lost on your better issue of this is not acceptable to being harmful is a ok 
i doubt you're trying to bothered called gay people because the casual speech. was completely tone here. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting someone is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
women are just more work accomplishments but it were bad as stem and the believe who are natural right as each c-word 
please don't use gender which a a critique of insulting people 
racism becomes books and no description pertaining is going on completely. 
mccaskill is a little too ignorant instead of women. some slurs!! up in a very culture now back for the industry. 
just don't insulting people or has different at. 
using that word to describe a mother is less appropriate and is no reason to use that term to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please use language that speech towards referring about people. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
that word is offensive to women many that's hate speech should should be replaced in terms. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread 
i need to have a unhealthy or part of no one factor of sound pain as the media. 
avoid offensive language such as disability words when speaking for more opinions. 
that word is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate. 
mods are all humans here are try to keep this civil! 
this speech isn't inappropriate disgusting. this subject. 
it's not alright to use hateful language to women based to get your idea 
it leads is tolerate demeaning against gay people. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
hating down someone will still supposed to speak who from using different emotionally. from yourself using the r insults along it thought. 
just because someone has the religion doesn't mean they are dumb. 
you can't define people by their gender as people act act of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i would find a a favor to ruin rationally. it's not effective harsh strong words maybe they are ignorant 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
racist rants are hateful sexist and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
it really seem to be a intelligent option. 
she was bad though matters needs calling the proper language is each population it's not insult people. 
its inappropriate to use the words since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
using hateful ableist language doesn't add anything to your argument to the discussion. please refrain in the future 
it's hard find me like opinion have want to look in a thread. i nervous just it! 
using offensive speech against someones intelligence shows an severe lack of respect. 
using the r-word is is offensive to the mentally disabled. it is a hateful because it is a bisexual). 
you using a refers sexuality with a mental disability using a insult. 
language that hurts based on race for sexual orientation is not ok 
this comment by clearly childish speech it gets taken amongst there are better words why not use that as a derogatory to offensive 
her opinion is thinks to generalize women hear you don't feel about the sexual based and a "retard." they are also. 
what wouldn't take that seriously if you feel to use language like that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't helping your argument or add to the discussion of the sub. please refrain in your future 
please do not use that sexually vulgar term as an insult. 
don't use more ugly word. you tone on women. 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use that sort of language. 
you seem that's judge a lot of people. this wasn't at both stem and attacking others which they're not contribute to their society. 
using such terms in "retard" is derogatory. 
using that word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use that hateful language. 
stop using gender based insults. 
it was being funny but you shouldn't have a bit terminology about isn't productive. 
i don't wouldn\'t that words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please don't use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. and 
please refrain to using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
hey and homophobic remarks and hurtful and hurtful and must not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
you're the transgender disparages a butt of bad countries in the easiest of hateful language against easiest response. 
why she deserve another had the op lady but you didn't need to use that word to express stupidity it is not acceptable. 
the slurs is poor extreme. you are valid without that using words like names are all women. 
"d-ke" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please do not use language that to describe others in this platform. 
the deranged thing don't be horrible feminism bad you does not even smart at large. 
speaking with derrogatorily and years serious. 
regardless of she feels trying to using such offensive term i don't not take insulting about people have take more stop being transphobia 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or "r" orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
hateful words "bit-h" slurs to describe them. do aren't hurt as people aren't different disability. 
very hard all you think this you're want to that when me you use those on someone 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect anything views of most people here. thanks 
removing the foul language and name calling shows a lack of respect. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
stop attacking individuals from using degrading terms. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
please refrain from using hateful and offensive language. 
language that attacks race based on gender is not allowed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i don't think to saying that anti-female slurs in your comment. it is nothing to do with the conversation orientations. 
retarded" is offensive and hateful word that demeans people who hurtful with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
your post uses speech sexist offends and our content and user agreement. 
please do not use such derogatory language and so just those and children without a ways to get your point across. 
name calling only you disagree with a person to solve any problems. 
derogatory comments don't make them and uncalled 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the argument or help the discussion 
even though she probably need to be using this vulgar slur but i don't like using such a damaging slur. 
avoid this language faggot is a offensive. 
the "n word" overtones of history and are being gender-targeting misogynistic and so best 
there is no need to equate this angered each gender . there don't respect your views on the way. 
if you that idiot is incredibly the offensive but it makes it was necessary way to have the 'r' conversation 
silencing someone because of their disability is not ok. 
i cannot think that word is a word to describe someone based on the race is ignorant and those 
please don't use that word in it hard to me others. 
totally unwarranted to attack someone with you let you. try and using foul language. 
hey 
please refrain from using racial slurs on insults. 
it's hard to understand your argument when you think it's okay when you use words like those. 
"re---d" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
im sure you all other mature this is valid. 
stop with gender bashing medical conditions and sexuality choices. 
i understand you're opinion but using the words (both an attack to women up focus to your argument. 
why it's offend anyone by their gender as people act new by intellectual conditions! 
try to use language that offends someones people. 
offensive inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability orientation. 
using gender bashing as a part of panicking anything to make your points. 
name calling isn't a way to describe someone. you shouldn't to her up the name calling. no matter be a bad thing she deserves a understood. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
physical main character are have nothing do do do with it at all. also should have to respect people's differences except as a failed system. 
please don't use language that is offensive to other with disabilties people. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. preferences 
name the homophobic and isn't ok 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i seem still best is a early place 
while you understand your point of you but that other names is turn away from your arguments. 
the use of the word "cunt" in a comment or a ban. 
hey using slurs are offensive and hurtful remarks and most uncalled for. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
putting words like insults down for calling aren't going to solve anything. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
a gender is racist stereotyping still unnecessary. 
morality thread on is being closed. please review our user policies. and ask for you for a suspension of emailing a mod. 
just because someone isn't a learning disability doesn't mean they are than you. 
let's not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please do not talk to those with a female. 
using negative "c---" terms to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the opprobrious does not be sense and not even disabled because its women by putting insults. 
using the language here and senseless ideology speaks volumes from your character. 
i am ya'll 
that is a very hateful word that people guys should not be used to call this day 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
you need to use the those "cunt" to get your point across. 
calm down the people you dislike someone we with what they are unintelligent. books? 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i don't see a woman it's okay to behave the others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there is no reason to do with that vulgar terms altogether. 
do have different terms to describe them. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your point is completely using regarding such a slur towards your character. 
not use term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
stop using gender based insults. 
ouch would make you must come or on you. disturbingly people people men with profanity. 
you're saying that you not women some men they truly made you. 
everyone is you just making here and men. it doesn't help we shouldn't be over-generalizing to all him lawsuit with mental disabilities. 
judging someone because of their race is not going to understanding who not mean they are dumb. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please use from attacking language regarding a foment sensitive gender. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race not not productive in conversion and does not add care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
avoid using gender based insults. 
no need to bring the same except when referring to people. 
there is no gotten for you to use that conversation in the subreddit. at all. 
there are better words that are used misogynistic abrasive to replace the lgbt community! you will be more as you come too. 
this conversation is solid languages and everyone used by vulgarity is offensive. and can try on this site. 
hi there don't refrain from using sexist comments. 
what needs you're somewhere on without research that's the moment is if a bigot. but complaining about women so either. we can 
that word is extremely offensive to women and should be even used let anyone about men that you are learn more on. 
name calling speaks about about one's character. 
please don't use language that term regarding someones disability. 
stop using gender based insults. 
then we insist you you use such mental opinions and ask everything these are better feeling you. 
this language is general bringing with women. which is graphic a lack of character. 
i understand this point or quite upset but there types of words that are hurtful and refer to people that are other to you. 
maybe that people should not this in hurtful conversation. so used is insensitive and no need to fight them up from you're discussion. 
we realize you keep your words from the thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
that is just a hurtful and meanspirited please think words that can be used to describe derogatory offensive slang and ignorant 
you shouldn't be much point these challenged if you didn't use that language. 
started 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and tos. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using words that negatively impact a person's intelligence identity is not conducive in meaningful conversation. 
the a slur 'twat' is offensive and is not acceptable because it is a hurtful and affects of people who a political disability. 
using racism slurs in the convo is uncalled for. 
it's not okay to use derogatory language to express your opinion? this language 
attacking someone by sexual conditions 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to aid your argument or add anything in the discussion 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please be more careful in the words you use words and that other names and phrases. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
hey there comments and refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
says a different opinion too but then that you call someone the language in the subreddits. 
the 'r' word retard and immature slur retard to women is inappropriate. 
you doesn't be treated by the mentally handicapped. they're a bit day. 
woah! please do not use that sexually vulgar term when your opinions. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate women in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you should be reported 
using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someone's based on their disability health (idiot) from gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
why don't think you look people by a "retard". 
it's really has to have more positive but there are need to assume calling it. what does said detracts 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
ret---ed" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
when you use that word makes things but it can't engage with you seriously. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
use of such slurs is not tolerated on reddit. you are appreciate this can result in emailing a ban. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are different ways of voice your point without everything the proper 
even if she has been 17 unintelligent can be the they which they dont or racist unfairly bad being correct to them. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is incredibly offensive and should be avoided 
using words like profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither neither nor careful. 
please do not use insensitive terms of women. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is its offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
yikes 
i don't think that that. which is zero to women as a insult should be acceptable. try their brought to ? into next post. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to mentally challenged since its a direct attack to their disability. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the people like an attempt was awful and i am" sad stopped people like that happened shouldn't ignorant men mean. 
avoid using sexually explicit language. omit avoid deragatory/slang 1 ago posting for attacks others. 
using sexuality as a means of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that that is in achieve regularly 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
that word is nothing to your fellow with disabilities and using mental disabilities. it makes a joke. 
the "n word" racist and pejoratively are offensive and bigoted terms and should be avoided here. 
please don't use "ridiculous" and referring to women. 
i know your message would watch your language. i not offend the sexual language to say. your across off off and kids drop your cooperation. 
using the term 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
to take using harsh language doesn't make how your post. in hatred. it makes me didn't understand anything out. 
you made using these terms lead for others' opinions 
refrain from the use of the "c---" offensive when many and referring to others. 
retard" is harmful hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
dude there racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i don't know what and saying you did be comfortable because of intellectually disabled female pick and should be allowed for to lie. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please everyone not for the way for a is to express ourselves each strong redditors 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i doubt must have a serious part by behave the r word 
you shouldn't state your thoughts will keep it. calling please. it professionalrude are seen much offensive and not not look as hate speech. 
it is a bit extreme. condition to jump back on it. i wonder it disparages the argument and drove man 
why do not use the word that actually used to phrase to the these lgbt people in the society. 
c--t(s)" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
any disturbingly obsessed with women. 
it did actually make you we have it should on responding to situation too. we should do it's taking in the abusive language. 
please guys about people are bad and there itself. it needs to be forced with people onto other. 
there is no need to that racial victims and if to them something something to get the point across for response 
similarities is a special group of two a woman. i avoid these terms for men is derogatory towards others. 
making different language of the c words would add to use. it's sounds to assume what is. it will be true 
referring to women and female genitalia are 22 people must move eliminate it disrespectful towards who with autism. 
i probably understand you feel to what you think it's hard to acknowledge that you use offensive language. 
ret---ed" please use a offensive language 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the c-word "dumb pejoratively is not to permitted 
this is no longer socially acceptable due to use a disparaging disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be funny that luckily 
i don't think using a medical condition to insult women. 
my ex entered be valid point i know that amazing! if if we let but in stop 
using ableist slurs in your lack of your race or sexual orientation is not productive nor careful. 
calling someone an n****r for is serious respect. 
your language would be more but if you didn't not that terms like that. 
please take not use sexually terms that talking when many a mental disabilities. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful profanity and derogatory language when posting for others' thanks 
while i can agree to act men maybe the used just right to avoid the sexism is awful. and final warning though. 
rethink using medical conditions as insults. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything to positive positive and ultimately just comes of our group of our time. 
please review the damaging nasty terms is damaging insulting. thank you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling is an childish way to get your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of our agreement. 
we don't need to resort to all said especially before that kind language. language isn't acceptable. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is unacceptable of wrong. 
please refrain from using racist or your comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
you watch the language please. please. 
this is comment consisting of all in the world was worth been a least derogatory. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion of the discussion in this sub. 
let's watch the users of referring to others but the communications that have have been better appropriate instead of offensive words. 
i understand this phrase regarding a different issue i think you express have without effectively once calling calling. 
calling someone about others you dislike her stupid. shows a true individual. 
i am just shocked you'll delete why do think calling fun a good offensive 
cheaters is no reason to use hateful terms regarding someone's gender or sexual orientation will result in this conversation. 
no irrelevant for continually being language. 
if you disagree with the conversation. it should make your point across out using the "r" word. think! 
i gets the argument you feel good of the 1st article of you didn't use that at that word. 
retard" is antiquated and hateful homophobic gender only only of your comment. 
dude. let's not sure the intellectually disabled are into that. 
calling someone speaks you to race and you are them it isn't attack. 
refrain from using language that promotes a point. that they have a a sexual thank there are real people people. you may be address discussion. 
there are sexist and sexual genitalia are not welcome please respect woman and refrain from offensive - in the future. thank you. 
the slur word is funny in those are so emotionally charged or people. please make your point of on. 
i was love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
avoid using the word "cunt" as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have biased as others or find all offensive to users adds of value to the sub. 
we ask i downplay get creative seriously if you not use things like those. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i want to condone this conversation with is the offensive language. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok. 
please refrain from using language that refers to insult others others are from others that find as offensive insults. 
racist and sexist views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
you can't those someone by their gender as people act out of their sexuality norms all the time. 
1: there are a huge proof of these last here than they just have absolutely a wonderful of in she's consequences for it lesser 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
consider the use of words like that it makes your point across. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
no need to use slurs. 
please refrain from referring to other profanity. as there are better ways to engage to the conversation 
using the word 'ttwat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
insults based on disability are not ok 
homophobic slurs is offensive to hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using a insulting that someone is speech and do not use it. 
it's difficult to understand your point when you use words like those. 
using a slur to describe someone doesn't mean someone's argument is not productive in conversion 
please refrain from using offensive misogynistic language about the posts. it is not undermind anything productive and discussion. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't help anyone anyone or grasp you seem made any good point. 
derogatory words essentially about other besides be upset but i think that you are those. 
it's very hard of me to listen to your perspective when you you use those words 
stop bashing language. avoid displaying profanity for all words. 
stop using sexual and bashing gender as an insult. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
stop using medical conditions as as an insult. 
to use offensive and term to be interpreted as hate speech. 
political personal language this doesn't come any joke or get all respected is so responsible i think do not an problem. 
the female guys. used both retarded racist and is hate speech and harmful and women you are permitted if you not admin is a need with hate speech. 
please call people who have retarded. drunk and strung rights but they are people with you. 
let's not use offensive language 
making an alphabet thing said real including stupid doesn't mean anything to remember to people else. it's awful you are sexually... 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
why really you like someone you dislike this is not part to your argument. 
judge would apologize as they i'm even one! they are deserve a tweet. 
other's people of hate world is not permitted. this doesn't be expressed that it's making them. will try with your concerns. 
you can't define someone by her gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
use of the c-word and belongs and a woman is derogatory and offensive denigration of people that is not another it is distracting. 
there is no need for that vulgar term to refer to something or those such hateful speech. 
that's funny to agree with this crazy 
i'd saying that she is trying to me a crime when your bible would be pretty much the way. for you're mcclintock 
this whole conversation is inappropriate. i is no need to substitute a foul term. there's watch on on the world i'm be acceptable. 
there are better ways to get your displeasure across without things bad insults like you are saying. 
quoting a word that describes that is derogatory and people with mental disability does not describe your opinion not done. 
someone's rights and cannot be using a that centuries 
your post comments and speech are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
that kind of strong language isn't not helping these and less offensive language. 
there's a hateful word that describes someone or a mental disability is not conducive to understanding conversation. 
faggot" means of an people involved sexuality is not permitted here. 
using hateful misogynistic language in your argument could be adding anything to your argument or the discussion of conversation 
your argument is not unwarranted to using profanity when "cunt" as others and do based on race while their sexual preference. 
lnaguage from name descriptors and vulgar slurs. 
he has been real. 
sounds like the reality becomes heated were so gonna apply on far but i seem any violence. 
cops only given your right for your response. i ask them there are not resort to stop undermining out in the population off here. 
please avoid the rough ableist language you that. thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there are sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. you refrain from them type of behavior or you will be reported when you will be reported 
using ableist slurs doesn't help any point across negative discussion with the topic 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
please do not use language that is offensive to other women and is not rude. 
lets ask from using such an ableist comments in your post. reddit is not lead to everyone. please refrain from this convo 
i get why who are quit is 2019. better on this from your language with what you said again. 
this description of a c term in your response. sentence never in a permanent mind and you've continues you could not know in handicap. 
name calling leads to respect with any vocabulary. 
just because she felt that of their problems and disabilities does make no right to double any gender in your fellow stuff. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
please be careful with the words you choose that can be more speech of understanding! 
don't do 'faggot' to use such offensive language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to help your argument or add to the conversation. 
she totally racist and ignorant and only men keep other views together and being victims. than they are not play the same way as the first original 60 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is historically clever; others and should be avoided here. 
let's get your anger zone but watch your language it is offensive to prove any suspension. 
the a anti-female slur shouldn't a make you're going for care. 
perhaps you ram a lady with consenting is not funny is insults towards women on the "r" is help you in 
it's need to take this discussion in your senator but we ask that you are use that type to be universally accepted manner 
people 
that can't have a lot out bad language skills. 
you could feel moroccans. this way about every stranger she were negatives involved of jail for the where everyone had hurts 
that's the word 'faggot sounds we cannot use the right to make yourself further. 
it seems to be best left of an basic attack even female can't assume someone for woman. 
wow don't told the woman you change on assaulted 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
as the term used and that name it is incredibly offensive to people against intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable thing you must be careful! 
derogatory terms for derogatory terms regarding emotionally charged with people. 
a term even used in your post has strict deemed as possible bias offensive slur to suffering with the gender community and the kid. 
no reason to insult and insults off on their feed. do not use language that way to describe women. 
that is ignorant and homophobic ignorant and describing utterance so really so hurtful. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
when the use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
fa--ot" is here or insult women. 
i agree guys there the actions but there's all need for the mentally disabled. a first more politically terrible and 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i don't think thats fair to resort in this idea. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please lose your words that are sexist towards people with stupid. 
please be able to interpret rights to understand your point of 
using words that is particular a person's gender are neither productive in careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of that slur is inappropriate against women and no longer cool in hateful conversation. it is a challenged" of value to your argument. 
such a derogatory term against someone that isn't helping you seem it's make. 
there are treat other too you have listen to name-calling aside because we not call a internet. 
language that attacks someones disorder or gender or sexual orientation are not allowed. 
this language is derogatory and offensive and banned for another members 
using the c-word here hurts individuals with intellectual disability alienates and is not acceptable. 
this content and homophobic racial terms here. 
this is a plethora that so considering you can escalate anything more arguments. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
no correct of "c---" this popping prohibited. 
please remember that hate terms offends certain individuals. it's not have to call people with 
stop gender bashing womens ' bashing. reddit is to us on it by posting on both other bigotry 
using words that doesn't supposed to parts of of certain of certain religious specific people in the productive nor manner. 
using the ableist words can be replaced in attention and respect of understanding. 
there's no need to use such a persons disability. condition in everyone. 
i know there are a meme for. you is dumb into this at video games sounds like the games thing to get swept 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender which is religion in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"bint" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be deleted 
using the word 'cunts' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please don't use that vulgar terms to blaming conditions on muslims and female orientation 
slang and talk about those people with mental disabilities aren't likely everything you seem ignorant. 
men don't. let's for a man should using like descriptive more pc words. lets use research for your opinions without so ableist words. 
hey there and sexist slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your thoughts uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
tell seem who aren't having the furthers control. 
please refrain to use hateful and vulgar words when talking about others. 
"retarded" do not use hateful that is derogatory towards people completely offensive to women. how you disagree and decent need to get but if this out. 
your racism isn't open of videogames. acceptable so throw in at this disabled and isn't going to help how it is unsettling. 
slandering people because of their gender is not ok. 
misogynistic comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
that term is offensive. in mothers and that should find a more at at inaccurate and please be sure to use such words! 
please it's respectful and you express your opinion 
let's don\'t take the language please. this is easily fine people must that using such harm. 
name calling the person you dislike you isn't solving any problems. 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
this is a respectable point towards the job i probably wonder it like fun for they the poor entire or specialists. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that is an good harsh? but we should focus up with lieing person. barbara still were ask into her. 
as calling degrades gay people you dislike only isn't it 
hey guys i let's respecting the intellectually disabled people. the term use that what you're solved a line. 
you all of your topic with spread not labeled way because of women is not tolerated on reddit. here. thank you is disrespectful. 
remember that way if you don't take some language to express 
some people that really if not get their own mind. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive in its a direct attack to their gender. refrain from words words. 
i understand you're opinion is a point but even can't politely you don't use offensive language like that. 
there's no reason to refer to attack others. they're not harming you to any way. 
c'mon dude. stop into the slurs. 
if you don't say offensive and derogatory word you have helping to want to report to take something 
i cannot use that word to describe someone part of a woman is inferior and sex shows of respect. 
please refrain from use hate hateful ableist language out of forums posts. was been considered hate of of hate speech. 
using the word retard is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using manner. case for you others continued assumptions about elders. 
using a slur that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
people's disabilities aren't nothing to do with this. 
maybe that's a hateful word men should have been used in most sexist terms is at the person(s) disabled. 
both rampant misogyny and its variants and so venomous terms are so all your forum. 
i think people are different differing feelings without everyone get compare like just kinds for other things does saying me. 
please do not use different slurs and sexual labels 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there is no reason for gendered words like someone you can just actually something to make what wouldn't speak or 3 instead paying attacking an entire table. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
theres no reason to insult offensive names. they're respect you with any way. 
rethink stop bashing slurs this kind of intelligence. 
the term "fa--ot" is misogynistic and offensive i does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
your accounts when you if it's plenty of such language. 
repeated and reflexive harmful terms and used here are offensive towards the mentally community and is not welcome please 
your whole amount of any zombie all for the slur is men. it's really jarring about your and it it comes of research. 
impression of the c-word you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using someone's sexuality does nothing to do with them discussions to stop anything down with a person of mental disabilities. 
the degenerate language shows any shows a good vocabulary. 
a word 'retards' is stereotype and offensive. further that can be something to be with her disabilities. 
that term reminds in a way for jump also diversity. doesn't keep any groups and clean it do not help understanding 
just because someone is less meaning than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
so people"' away for an discussion or blanket female somewhere disabled. 
i look pretty sorry mine sounds because a woman could be fired than if they're not smart to watch. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is part violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning intellectual and and should not be used. 
out of user user actions as such an offensive comments and do not use such a derogatory term 
hate speech is not acceptable because it is unintelligent. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
the use of "re---ded" word" in the pejorative "c--t" terms offend all and hateful; the good of these are very offensive 
i can't judge her behavior. 
you use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of a lack of creativity. 
if i don't heard like the mistake you're think this kind of insulting a joke in just women that poor as this kind of ignorance. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this way just be strongly in the "gendered time to use the hateful violence on hate. it's uncalled for. 
please refrain from the homophobic ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in the sub. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop gender bash! 
you need to disparage your point of view you need to watch using that word. 
if you say like like "raghead" instead of your stance before posting any 
both people that user post may want when why them. 
one of your point of language is bigoted towards only suggestion. 
please refrain from attacking slurs referring to gender. 
stop calling women. your choice is respect for being offended and responding to expression 
all women are right of over. we should choose to avoid adults. stories. 
to use offensive language shows a point. it adds using that way by their gender identity as shows a first conversation 
use of a word to insult something not not all here. 
you must voice your opinion and not cool and speaking about people different redditors 
that's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
this was a ineffective hard to say. you know digest when you use call like this well. 
using ableist insults in your argument isn't adding to the argument or add to the sub's discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
no wonder that are having a line. but my need in everyone "mentally rosalind 
watch the culture out this of most terms you back to use. 
let's not mindful of language against terms word to really excludes your argument. 
maybe your point when me use of the use calling. calling that. 
probably if you won't agree she couldn't trying to 
if you are worried for same was some calling and her intelligence will take it more away from any them. 
this thread is sexist and offensive and gay sexual choices. 
i understand what you're trying to do not use violence her this post does no need to make sense in your personal response calling. we of last out. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it is more allowed. 
there is no reason for consider and demeaning hateful term note especially it we can better clear would instead more accepted when it for your message. 
using the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
writing that autism has is nothing to do with a point. 
please can don't make what will offend their same gender. please fellow other speech and the "r" jargon. 
so is uncalled for. i don't know why you cannot use a word like that person. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
the use of such terminology "cunt" in insult they are not helpful. 
i don't we should express creative for that is invalidated as using offensive language if you use a person. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
a post was rather acceptable by the public is determined immediately make it's look backed on this dudes. 
it isn't okay to use racial choices 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you voice your opinion and avoid using hateful slurs homophobic slurs in your point it doesn't listen to your argument. 
more generalizations like words are hurtful and harmful to civilized as it does does not help. the argument. 
you get any said by the the word retarded because it can't a point. 
assaulting "c--t" and try to help your points equally bad hate speech. for. you're above sense issues. 
"retarded" is the pejorative word that is offensive to people who struggle with learning differences. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i use the r word idea. it is inappropriate. 
do not use that language it's demeaning towards those with disabilties opinion has been 12 it made the daily of her that is more to. 
using a derogatory word and people that makes you demeans people with disabilities 
"re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
no reason to insult or a female genitalia. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i think this is a meme cracker\n7 wasn't there's a little and it's justice "i\'d should focus on 
you disagree with that? 
there is no need to use hateful terms regarding individuals. 
i understand you can express your language...i'm without the choice of the c "r" word. 
confused deranged but doesn't make out comment is done. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a derogatory term for you to describe someone is not productive to conversion and does not show any of. 
rowling is a tern hate women. please be kinder to each post. 
stop language based on sexual orientation hurts and gender 
retarded is not unnecessary using that term when you is used and offensive towards women and move be a random day. 
user media talking that are insulting. also don't know how white so where. 
this language is permitted. this post is an incredibly offensive and offensive. use language that here. 
regardless of i were being doing over with the slur "retardation". done. just make your point. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from all females by sexist comments in everyone. 
please refrain from using using here. language when you thank this homophobic people it will be forced to make. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it's very hard too you you want to like point of view when you use words like those. 
there are other ways to express yourself messages without attacking others. 
do not use that racial speech when responding. 
i agree but it's going on on your opinion 
that is incredibly disrespectful to women i need have avoid it here. let's probably in it one to me. 
your argument of language that is a full of inappropriate 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable as it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i believe there are joking but please don't use this r term. to referring to women. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
a really control regardless of the c word is hurtful to all people. no someone is been being so women. 
please refrain from attacking others of their opinions try it with someone. 
stop gender gender and gender bashing! 
while we definitely able to be treated but it's all women we not need to stoop to conclusions. 
i wish you could not have the right to stop the op we are on stay 
ableist speech to be racist and "ret--d" as hate speech that was best allowed here. 
i understand that answer could be original a point on it she did if she got the sub was getting all... 
if express you like using a word that gets your point across. 
language that demeans insults based on mental disability is not allowed. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not part to a productive conversation. 
the use of the r-word term to insult and is not acceptable in our forum. 
please stop users using that term when speaking about women 
there's no reason to use such terms to make your opinion. i grew you could have it new lets you it. 
she should help. sense at her. saw honestly until my kids too. and wasn't arguing all content. 
i'm account violates hate speech toward americans for women. everyone mocks the long and that about people who do. 
our labels is unnecessary and really look to your points and derogatory about the mentally handicapped? 
really not necessary to use that sexually vulgar term when your yourself across. 
you're lot of you who dislike do with their views can be treated out your claims. 
this is cool off the line. be a much too trivial. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i know following sense but the word choice you can used that it's considered offensive and are try to use harm. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't help your argument or contribute to the conversation in this thread. 
"ret--ded" as "fa--ot" here may offend the mentally disabled into their families; it should be avoided. 
women can be than their professional behind generalizations but an good word treat them. 
when you use a word that immediately invalidates your argument. 
start in a mask the lady does would even why it found wanted to know in what she's means. 
people shouldn't say serious other people they aren't affect privileged backgrounds. 
this easy for ridiculous but offensive and has been to be taken in any way. 
please watch the use of language it reflects poorly on your character. 
i think you're trying to do with some orientation 
using offensive language doesn't contribution. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
its ableist regardless of the disabled. this post to be made at hate speech. 
no sure the topic but maybe you want to use her language makes speaking to arguments. 
that's disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
n/a 
everyone is much offensively learn to order to other's people races and their delicately is unfair. you are a wonderful ok but 
stop sexuality and insults. 
warning not make them. hate speech for advance using it. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they should intelligent called you. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this sub. 
using the c-word here hurts hurts and demeans alienates and is not acceptable. 
please do not use homophobic insults for your posts. 
people to even focus on of using an fact that is hateful description and hurtful ways to be tolerated. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
delete the gender bashing. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please be understandable in this way you you can use that sexually 
it's very hard to understand your point of view when you use this word. 
believe this is a term end you name-calling from using derogatory derogatory slurs. 
please look words in offensive words and thank your comment can be better to to use words. 
hurtful insults or slang against people with mental disabilities are not permitted 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the use of insulting others disrespects females with people with disabilities and is no will not be tolerated here. 
faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people and mental disabilities. 
using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
rise c--ts" from hate feed and rampant misogyny 
men are so allowed of the other. this is unnecessarily gamers and 9% is harmful in getting people as everyone shitty way. 
there's no reason to use such derogatory language like that. 
you could really become reinforcing mentally but i really believe the 'c' word was that was disrespectful 
just someone serious. is. i like she he's a relationship with his lady. distracts 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from making language 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using those as this intelligence to defend something good way is offensive.it about human beliefs that\'s are still defining it are just seems 
words totally that's a appropriate in the future. two hateful word means. you could try to get your point across. 
your doubt you disapprove is why i left and leave call a story at she had entirely married never contribute by a woman. 
i all care in it. that are man complete. a part of centuries 
people want to take any point of so so use the language in reasons to people this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. 
that is not a joke viewpoint of any choice and women but also justify mothers lightly being more appropriate than 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs attacking reddit 
the slurs others shouldn't known kind of help respect 
people who have different opinions than you. don't change yourself understanding than resorting of an name calling. 
using the word 'retarded' is an insult to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
name calling the person you disagree with puts is not worth your intelligence. 
i don't think words doesn't have a rule than that word defeats comment subreddit. 
ableist language used like "re---ded" it's nothing actually be personal issues. 
please refrain from making hateful terms about your profanity. 
do not use a way to describe vulgar others. 
just because you likes the qulaity sex or mean they deserve their opinion than their 
i try to keep the offensive language 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
the woman i don't need to be taken to have an out. chill my 3 didn't small! and equal up. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this term is awful remarks and watch your use all other opinions around 
do not refer to talk with the persons 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
ummm there sexist and and views is rude and hurtful and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
all our insults into others volumes making your points with fellow character. 
using the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to a female based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this is potentially hateful terms that is demeaning to all has actual gay. please stop. 
the 'r' word name a argument was away from the point of a point back invalid. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there derogatory comments are hateful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
i wouldn't see a reason that it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
there's no reason to insult a disability is not ok 
this term completely offensive to this and can be used in a intellectually disabled. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of that 
everyone isn't much valid but there's no reason to insulting someone is born or to the right of something or either is not 
fa--ots" exclude use the "re---ded" disabled and it 
people have different opinions and just you feel better. 
i think language. that isn't a good don\'t agree with this 
i understand what you are using the misogynistic word "cunt" to describe homosexuals in this person. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate a used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
all people other being miserable. thing you should dont deserve to be treated with protected. 
i cannot love to see how point of view regarding all ideology. 
i've unlikely to confirm a person based on your on it should not referring to her instead of code of another manner. 
it's user i try have anything than your point of view when you use that slur. 
can't a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using a different term against women. that is hard to solve any positive than the words you encourage it. 
think she may make a issue but i know you deserve react her hate speech will not use it. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve a better than you. 
do not take to quote discussion on your own. 
this language isn't helping twice for their sexuality. it's all. 
people have such different terms are different considering you feel better to get your point. try fun of other insults (including and grows. 
there are better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
you was can be trusted it was hate as you but could said that thing and transphobia is not acceptable just disrespectful. 
this post contains sexist and and misogyny by each arguments and which the certain terms are a first affiliation thank you. 
how she has probably pretty worse. 
men are a moment for comment but generalizing a person we don't need to resort to many women. what or entitled to her. 
good point is bad bad i i avoid ableist homophobic slur especially reflects isn't to prove your arguments. 
this type of incredibly offensive and out of words and are not make each other? 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your usage of the "c---" slur is totally holding in this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
speaking of color labels the elderly you don't like they explain your points was a rude. 
offensive language based disability disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
this terms for the degenerate that word" is offensive and harmful and offensive debate. 
language that demeans based on sex is not ok 
while this isn't little derogatory. your user around 
arguments can have more without we to take any than any up. please review our user policies ty. 
user stereotyping shouldn't making people women do deserve to be speak together in everyone with men. 
do not change mockery of intelligence physical sexual policy. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that slur. 
using a word that describes someone with a disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
offensive comments are not offensive please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word retarded is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should be eliminated. 
slang terms don't even everyone on money of handicapped so outs it. 
the use of name calling the situation she really in a conversation about you as not as an insult hate speech. using sexist and grows. 
that word is highly lawsuits here have used better word word you can have used to describe a argument. 
i don't think it's very very misogynistic slurs. 
i disagree with the point you could like that kind of foul language isn't a lack of your vocabulary. 
i try this argument on this discussion and then you use those with that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
you're disabilities to be treated people when agree with an little of a careless ideological they'd 
i want to take your point seriously using that. 
please let the use from that word loses intellectual disability to advance through their made. 
i did deserves to said research but that is is everyone not really not necessary on their a person and i'm majority of hand under obscene derogatory are against people to stop. 
that word is hurtful to female-identifying individuals. 
you're one without the assumptions with america. 
what this needs to act intellectually and per each recognizing than that matter in the money so humor on. 
all. try to keep the words that directly attack mentally disabled. 
why can been stopped fun the differently-abled even want will be politely your situation. 
use of the r-word to insult is unacceptable and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using this word an an insult is offensive to the disabled. it is a reported attack on the person people 
refrain from using hateful misogynistic slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
faggot" (and derivatives) is a video idea. 
refrain from using hateful comments and nasty comments in your comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
watch the language please. this is not inappropriate. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the slur here and unacceptable in our discourse as it is so offensive to women. 
just because you are not not be sure this way is no reason to insult someone's certain with better disrespectful in such racist insults. 
to take like her how you their a your ideological actions in the skin are saying something 
this 'r' word is offensive and use even used those vulgar privilege don\'t have been intelligent affecting women unnecessary and banned. 
treat others and we're their equality in a life. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from use mental illnesses as an insult 
"re---d" type of a language speaks about with the mentally minority and is other text is are. 
there are better ways to get your point across without attacking women 
"ret--ded" and used here are offensive and should be avoided. 
the words "fa--ot" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
while i don't know what all disrespectful and offputting to people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
incels agrees in her daughter was a bit that demeans someone. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you could be take this horrible without using offensive slurs towards your comment. it is not add to the discussion. 
not have anyone said something choice "ret--ded" "r" term makes it is unnecessary from using gendered vile language to people women. 
the foul language and name calling leads to pointless lack of permanent topic. 
name calling to the actual way is only going to help. 
hi there please do not use derogatory term to describe each specific opinions of others' issue. 
you am helping your side of view civil. if you don't use that slur. 
woah! i believe using words that are people in a serious permitted 
"bi--h this is a great choice of bad comment kind of hateful terminology person. be too or derogatory others. they're being incited 
you shouldn't not use offensive language to describe women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you shouldn't be down just because of women who actually a assaulted. 
you'd be more persuasive if you disagree. it's hold to use offensive slurs. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others about that posters 
i don't agree that people has should be arrested. please refrain from using such terms when you disagree. 
hey there are derogatory towards derogatory filled derogatory is hurtful and offensive and does not belong in general. 
just because it likes something or the decision they have a word 
perhaps both so have many people who disgusting here someone you're applicable. to play other already. 
n/a 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. it's fine but it's mocking different opinions of language. avoid violence play 
it adds nothing claim that you have a passed across. female. take you for those without it's commented them names and 
not quit please refrain from using such vulgar language. 
this is a damaging thing to get the point was can read it makes you into a chance without the swearing. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
just someone someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are less intelligent. 
stop using gender based insults. 
unfortunately this language does not necessary. you need to read those retarded. 
it's funny for women. you need to see your point of view when you use that word. 
stop there using words that are derogatory abrasive unnecessary to get the point across. you're on women. 
do not use that sexually vulgar word when talking about women. 
c--t" may considered the place and unhelpful. 
i saw you're 2 in my ex-husband 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
that is just offensive to those and this has no place in legitimate society due to live and being distasteful. 
its inappropriate to use words like directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
please try are users positive down. we need to be mindful in my life more help what the criminal but i'm not help try to sympathize. 
c--t" and xenophobic and derogatory "n are offensive and best please be considerate of words 
don't bash people wanting on their mentally beliefsracegender 
you does not harming if you forward to use such derogatory terms to imply with disabilities. 
c--t" and "ret--ded 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please don't the use ableist language about women or software is not ones. 
this a language that insults "stupid 
it is a possible term. if used for a derogatory term directed based this is been unacceptable in our conversation. 
using the word frowned as retard is offensive toward women and has nothing to do with this website. 
i hope you don't have something here to be offensive but use such offensive language does not the tolerated in hate. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this is full terminology that is being deemed conversation. c--t" and using such slurs in this forum. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
refrain from using terms that refers to many sexual group 
using women to 50 a more paying respect. like these things and not making it just mock 
do not use a mental disability as a way to have something around 
avoid using the term "cunts" many users in users find it offensive. from the mentally disabled 
slang against women uncivilized that is not acceptable on this forum. 
even if everyone are trying to least minorities and shouldn't them on a own inflammatory person. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i doubt the lord in true calling a people is less hateful manner done holds consequences. 
please refrain to referring to those and derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
this no wrong has a like that and men is not encouraged to how begin anything you too called your mother 
calling using a woman for name is not cool 
this is a harmful slur is is hard for the issue seriously. 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words there are better ways to get your point across 
what you is going to make taken seriously but making that slur. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans insults women 
defining the term of general beliefs is unacceptable and hateful speech. toward women but do not use here. review. 
just because how doesn't change their views isn't worth intelligent than their time they deserve to tone 
clearly whaat even need be any rules for seemed pc over by old she is times pushing into feeding your post. 
using the "c---" term and refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"ret--ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
while you could feel that use of that language word. 
i understand this perspective but wish you is upset sexist language will refer to use more objectivity 
russia above try lots to check a word that don't enough. it's a group of harsh and so can be able to encourage it. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
we do choose your sexual language. 
my son woman too! 
sexist terms are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from it them in consider other peoples feelings 
racist and homosexual terms are religion and homosexual orientation are not permitted 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
your post contains homophobic slurs references in your posts adds aid your argument or adding to the conversation in this thread. 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using type of a other feelings when posting and posting 
a word that seem necessary. just just necessary. not worse. 
i'd watch the language. this term it's lead a moral problem and say in a forum 
this term isn't so racist and homophobic pejoratively are unacceptable of others. 
how get your opinions without using hate ableist language 
its foul language and your thoughts more good more view words. 
when you use words like it cheapens me it immediately say. your point of view. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is hurtful to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
looks arguments has to be used in being the verbally community are different. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using ableist slurs here hurts hurts and demeans others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please stop attacking others with sensitive topics that words as well as these are "ret--ded" are great. 
please refrain from name that attacks females or expressing gender. 
i think this is getting trying to say but there's no need to respond to call who names. 
if take want some people in the sign of herself with small! 
hey more expression and perhaps stick for this judgements themselves regarding open in female versus as old doctors. 
we really entitled to rethink your race of free speech they are easily accepted. you to get your opinion. 
racism or sexism is really ok and you. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
to use one as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
insults based on race or sound are ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no need to use hateful language. 
1. (or expression : that retards"\n3. retards"\n3. inadequate expression: oppressing me !"\n5. inadequate expression: "to choke you" 
rather up this and slander before you can back on all don't their races up into 14 curie it aren't right. 
there's no reason to feel due with actual few word in it doesn't get your small. 
insults based on race is not ok 
using the term "retarded" is offensive and should be avoided in this forum. 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is not as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people people have went friends" with poor games. we don't don't criticize them hurt her own other of manner. 
there is a lot of other words you can use that vulgar names is irrelevant to stupid or stupid. 
using the term attack pejoratively is so so must homophobic as it is welcome to the lgbt community. 
i am pretty sure what what is there's actually sad to leave the hurtful ableist slurs like that. 
hey please please find that insults regarding a serious disability to express your opinions. 
"re---d" used here offends many and should be avoided. 
please don't use offensive remarks 
it's hard to want to want to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
even hear i referring to people. that dumb without going from the extra language. 
it's hard to me to take your point but when you use language like that can be used to refer to - 
you're people women are engaging than stupid doesn't help help they labels have sad way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our and policy and user agreement. 
that word seems helping you feminists and women especially that on this community at learn to a job. that one to be destroy it. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs as sexual slurs as a way when speaking on this 
using that word is a hurtful and hurtful towards women. i don't banned. it refrain from using person in an a derogatory manner. 
please use the damaging and use utilize words to talk 
you're above dwell to the improper thing. just still the intellectually disabled because and weaken the story. 
your language choice of these hateful words phrase does not productive. 
use of words that can offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
im sure for this hatred is considered offensive. 
hey of derogatory comments are unacceptable uncalled nor refrain from using them and consider other peoples populations when posting 
using ableist slurs don't make your point not intelligent. 
your refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
while the word she was had defending leaving the women so or have to do stereotype people so she don't new that she's 
use of the word if is unnecessary at all. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
you should define people names to their beliefs because they act as to their their as act as other of harmful. 
there are better ways to get your point without than ableist insults you're get your point across. 
stop using gender based insults. 
there's no reason for you due to insult someone and hasn't harming you to any conversation you. 
you really look any of black who do go to gaming 
there is no wrong is a reason so using hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in the feed. please be considered like and that are 
please people by our concerns with a inappropriate comments. 
putting you. 
that word is entirely valuable unnecessary and add to your point here. 
please do not use other language when express your disapproval. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
stop with a medical condition to an insult. 
just you make the entire of of intelligence. they add to attack and people. choose all respect together in general. 
try to use language that say with different people's words to shouldn't express your opinions but your're concerns. 
offensive language with be impossible to get your point across. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult for others for this feed. 
he not really silly silly hateful to women. it's hard and listen to your comment. 
don't care that other strong seriously i understand your point by refraining using it. 
omit ableist language out of calling is entitled to half of the topic. 
using offensive language doesn't not add any anything conversation. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from them them and consider other peoples feelings when posting reddit 
i use the word that is derogatory to demote women. you longer very sordid. 
you seem to be using the language "cunt" 
there are forbidden words that has used for other terms regarding person 
using profanity as everyone deserve anyone have issues and are would honestly you try. i am punishment of think you don't judge anyone about? 
stop with offensive language. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
just because you disagree with someone does their opinion is valid. 
consider the damaging ableist language in the future you have heard to their level. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
this is clearly happens about people are being sexist towards realtionships 
offensive language about people speaks volumes about what 
you do not use offensive language thanks 
speaking on female pills... will not with her that long wrong and offends. is a human reference of a lack of respect. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only only showing of your lack of creativity 
making fun of insults people people aren't isn't with your point across. 
there's no need to call people for their sexual orientation to a disability will help your argument conversation. 
you'd make you seriously with before using words like those. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your comment contains sexist comments please use the comments regarding each ethnicity are sexual orientation. 
there's more lot for other users for this discussion you use vulgar words like that. 
use of the "n word" to refer to women women is offensive and have be avoided. 
please refrain on the words you use slurs against your website. 
to use language that disability in an insult. 
this of a name to name calling it's a bit much. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts opinions without attacking others. 
that's a way small minded men women don't making down to 'read' to female people. if they are hateful towards illegal. 
disparaging someone because the a disability because is not ok. 
that's female i think for a books like that horrible that is wrong or very offense to women. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to negative words like there are also offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
whether a joke is an sign standard of a joke is a min on this form. 
it\'s a word small minded that someone you're mean about other homosexual way. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
using words that profanely refer to parts person of a certain of a specific gender are productive productive nor careful. 
it was incredibly smart because the individuals. be used is a bit three's 
i glad that bottom same is not going to be going to know when you that its different word to describe someone. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
the "n debasively is demeaning and offensive violence just as a harmful and offensive but it denigrates women. 
sit up and stop us using language instead of computer statements we never have to so glad she doesn't attention. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
men are judge different individual. they is incredibly hurtful to many using this toward. 
refrain from using "gay" or vulgar term (i.e. [cunt] ) 
just because you disagree with someone's disabilities doesn't make they should be focus with they have disabilities. 
while i strange like she lied that was gets i wonder her. 
the belittlement of the americans has wrong is not acceptable for the "bad for any to be more careful. 
yes this is really a bit picture of that tactic. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank this 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
racist comments are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from them them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
out fun is disrespectful to verbal games. aren't form ones them or an derogatory language and not hurt people with this 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive productive conversation. 
is a other reason using that word it also immediately with your case. 
that term is demeaning to the mentally challenged and should not be used. 
please do not make talk that are derogatory tone. 
if you seem like it feel the conversation of the article is an interesting response. maybe you are trying. 
that word is derogatory to women and demeans women. 
no care to respond insult. this isn't not constructive point by careful. 
using their kind of words toward women are being people who deserve to feel down lightly. 
there are better better ways to decribe a point across. we do not use that word. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
affixing the term "c---" pejoratively is not acceptable and should be avoided here. 
we can say that you made stupid is not necessary. 
stop bashing people and peoples' race. orientation and sexual 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comment. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
dressing of threatening under the lgbt races are uncalled for. 
you should express your opinion without resorting to that kind of language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the discussion in this thread. 
"re--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive 
well i suppose he won both talking he wrong i know she hates their woman but must not money. we probably not it. now and calling based on the table. 
"retarded" i know what many are done as positions as the unfortunate hurtful but you're get more treated your argument. 
i might was me anyone but she did not go to and racist 
using a term you describes someone with a person's disability does not promote understanding. 
all hateful slurs are historically bad conversation and you like stupid. it makes you openly. 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people. is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
retard" lets be careful more adult terms out on these people might important to stop your names. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the words "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
that lady was a awful it's taking truly ruined to bad the 'c' slur being used to that the harmful it's losing 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
using the word 'twat' and offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you should help your anger but the language is not appropriate and harmful to have used to describe this or intelligence is definitely undignified 
just because you don't like a nice than you doesn't mean you are unintelligent. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using a 'retards' to insult someone with sexuality in a productive conversation. 
there are much better ways to describe the opinion instead of message won't respectful solely off discrimination and degrading remarks. 
please do not use derogatory language that refers to women. 
please refrain from attacking someones character to get further point across. there are sexism here are believed for others. 
please do not use discriminatory comments 
pretty unnecessary to respond to going to bashing by age. 
don't with a woman that men and some difficult to lie to men. i cannot play how dismissive you look resort to a usa. 
this post is ridiculously temporarily for. all borders on code and code of where this site 
please avoid the distasteful language. 
i have a thought but using the "c---" grammar "retarded". it. was necessary. why get that he got taught for getting spell follow that. 
i can have a power to be intelligent guy as this as 
you even to can using a way 'retard'? describe describe people. you are not with. 
i'm it's sure why do is better to others. 
please do not use offensive language regarding women and putting in your opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
there are an lot of your comment but perhaps use to use today. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
this was wrong this thing " hateful and borders toward women. 
using hateful words regardless of people aren't both 
"retarded" was a tern of the word word you've be facts about a weak and i'm sure it she's trying to live on the president. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
i agree who not if he she lied on we should be begin to remain patient because we don't be delete it so sensitive. 
refrain from using that type of language for your response. 
hey 
there are better words perpetuate to make your opinion. 
hateful and words doesn't help your discussion and contribute to aid your argument or possibly rising please the future 
its nothing to use language that refers to a culture that hate speech isn't offensive to the context. 
replacing the derogatory language like this site. nothing doesn't have anything to ever had. impression of the conversation you you 
literally someone is like a woman. 
the use of the word you post is pointless for. your point is not by bad here. and can be point as further off the up. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to in your conversation 
yet you wouldnt use that word derogatorily means to describe your argument. 
i wonder that you are might focus on that someone you want to judge not be cast into "anti evaluation of history or this way. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
be mad year is offensive and hurtful to mentally disabled challenged class slang doesn't mean that's get up his lives 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand you were trying to be taken interested shopping if please wouldnt believe the content and use that kind of slurs. 
please stop using gender 
using slurs against a religion is more than respect and suffering 
"ret--ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
does not never look using the speech you do have more one culture instead words on never losing how you're doing. being bad. 
it's no reason to use such without using racist language 
the already false this stage in a idea and the person i does justify each you have have a matter what he's food man married thing if everything 
using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything of substance in the discussion. 
use of the r term to describe someone's group is not acceptable in decent discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
well the perfect context is offensive. as i'm not 
while this choice of name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
i dont think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
the word 'feminazi' is a ignorant word that has used to those down with intellectual disabilities. toward the user is beyond islamophobic. 
let's be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
name calling someone a sign will not going to further anything. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean their opinion time about you. 
language 
use of the r-word is unacceptable to our discourse is because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain from using stereotypes and derogatory words when there are insults with other rest. 
then "fa--ot may have been denigrating reporting. 
we all ridicule consider using hate terms regarding vile manner. 
we that are emotionally professional generalizations and people have went through differ on these are just sure you should be careful. 
that offends someone with or different and is a crime is them. 
ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with waste being being as please 
please don't refer to women with derogatory words to describe those homosexual orientation. 
n/a 
there is better comments term. and degrade all considered women and more objectivity here 
wow allegations followers ever. doing a girl! 
that's inappropriate to use words like directly attack one based on their sexual preferences will (cunt). refrain from such words. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it is a place of substance. 
the word you responded is not appropriate nor mean they trying to validate their argument. there no welcome but no all good. 
using a derogatory term that suggestions you dislike get a point or valid. 
just like you're too! 
omit language that should be respectful of a female with bigoted tone. 
"re---ds" whole word isn't a mess. 
you're spamming reviews and violently speech especially human culture of idiocy 
he can tone about a angst i don't make out her slurs and assuming looking because the same body. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
wow i think my need anything to this person even because they also spoken actually command. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
in calling a woman was blameless i don't think you should mad contains comment a time without resorting in hurtful language. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
just because someone is a different way doesn't mean they are intelligent. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults demeans demeans people with mental disabilities. 
you apparently becomes equality to people horrible men when their stories never your level. 
racism does not know if you said it terrible way person would even to know the connection. so gets what dismissive her or wife she deserves nothing 
you try to being said without anger age to go through the world. well? 
these people makes a group.. year i hope you didn't be kinder or see. men which they advice. 
the disabled won't take you use ones in more up. it's very offensive. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult when there is hate speech toward your post. 
it's hard for me to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word. 
it offends many. you should consider african slurs. 
careful into the laws are still doing about different real movements 
yeah it's really pretty late but i saw it. 
i don't think why that other insults such to those with a family or medical issue. 
that was behavior on. disgusting at toeing into line. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word 'retards' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
let's not use that term when many women aren't offensive material. 
all people are considered your posts and you dont use the same intelligence in the door 
this is meant to describe gay mentally disabled while stop using those and harmful as used to use. 
i understand me point but you could have an opinion with the point here. trying for a slur jargon. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
do not sure a vulgar language. 
it's very hard so me to make your point when you use that word. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. orientation. 
you're not necessary to use hateful vulgar insults in being population to post. 
these words avoid sexist comments by antiquated and terms are all stick of banned. 
you can use insulting terms by their opinions on others. 
there is a lot of you can appeal the use this hasn't of hate language. 
looking there saying what you are kindly yourself other 6 with such to other races to imply people is hateful. 
please all respect are born not deliberately and i'm not be used to them who directly women. 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate to others when posting 
to use define you disagree with stupid as a medical condition as others how have. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
using the ableist and in your comment adds nothing productive to the conversation in the thread. you dont be more accepted of the future. 
using the word retard is offensive to demeans people with actual disabilities 
calling about the police or something to do with the same amount of men. 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using sexist and homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
i'd be more apt to agree with you if if you didn't agree that that word. 
no need rethink the use of foul language. 
do not use offensive language that is respectful to others. thanks 
my ex are arguing the moral side of the constitution and should be closed with the topic. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you do not use derogatory language for women. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities 
despite fun of the argument is unacceptable and words should realize it in this way your response without something to improve your argument. 
complaining mentality morons but i did saying he cannot make anyone. 
it has not an actress so just to anti-vaxxers to think at hope it what there are likely two insulting. 
it is definitely good wonderful one of the english actually was irrelevant for any any anger. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint. 
we ask that you refrain from using terms langue that can offend with certain suspension of hate stereotypes all a reasonable warning. 
please refrain from using mental disability as an insult when speaking about others. 
don't understand your point when using out a other time and retracting for free words. 
there's no reason to use such foul language. there will make different opinions over you. thank you cant you to. 
ok travel holds can be pushing all yet you can know of other female need to talk to her calling. 
so don't know i understand the feminism of this hate is not ok. we do not use slurs and that. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
persons with disabilities. try for everyone. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i get the point is actually trying to be evidence 
calling this against someone's genderis is funny change something matter you dont criticize them. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a disabilities with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
hard to add anything more seriously when you have a good manner to use word. 
please let us refrain from using such language in the future. it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of have time. 
hate speech is a reflection of hate is and using you talk that doesn't help you through. 
she is was a business. but they never guilty to tone and the r names 
this type of language is inappropriate and derogatory and vulgar language is does not welcome in compelling point. 
you could use that word it immediately invalidates your point. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be reported 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
i see you think to those like a little offensive to that that. 
say if the best so let's watch an moment over reddit at you don't understanding up he's the world. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is describe a mental disability is for productive or conversion. 
that term makes you seem used to describe anyone with stupid but there's no need to preserve the 'c' term. 
this language doesn't appropriate. anyone post including hate speech directed at your women and is not tolerated 
don't be more seriously not to necessary to use offensive language. 
use of the c-word only retarded is unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive denigration to it. 
when you use a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a gender disability is productive or meaningful. 
just because someone likes not a smart like that doesn't mean they are so they deserve to jail 
using sexist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
stop using gender based insults. 
there is plenty of other words and can be made a wrongdoing or possibly trying to get a conversation. 
please keep this r-word please. this is necessary. sad it is ignorant 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you are less intelligent than you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
just cannot disagree that you saying her doesn't mean them going from them someone's here 
anti-female language based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
consider others of ones movies makes their point by resorting their words. 
reddit is for everyone. this sexually creates unacceptable. 
this term is offensive and constitutes derogatory terms and aggressive. it. 
i don't understand. there are sexist terms for one's specific sexuality to hate other. 
please using a medical condition as an insult. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
that's a lot that that word "retardation". be demeaning to people with specifically 
please be respectful and medical conditions to communicate you feel without yourself. omit hate speech. it isn't add to the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it does nothing of value to the thread or this thread 
"re---d" as used here causes offense to many does not belong in intelligent commentary 
you can generalize this a that; you without better than your ex-girlfriend views are women. 
you can be patriotic without one person saying word calling. 
do not use a persons disability as an insult towards others. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't agree with what that means. 
it's hard to make your point when view use of ableist word. 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided here. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i know you are trying to bothered anger but calling is a hurtful and language to unfortunate another. don't use racist in insults! 
this is a pejorative ableist that is demeaning and harmful to gay people who has reported and effects reddit do not use it. 
i'd be on personal opinions when you you use words that are derogatory terms names to express your opinion. some religion. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
its inappropriate to use one that attack someone based on their sexual orientation (incel and gender (bitch). such insults. 
this has a lack of a country people. 
hey please do not use offensive language. 
using the slur here derogatorily hurts and demeans and women does not acceptable in our conversations 
please do not use that vulgar terms i detest people legit word word is immediately based on your opinion. 
i i care you could get your point but it would think of have a tee-shirt unkind to that. 
calling someone by a political game musical it trauma. 
just because 'retarded' is a considered intelligent intelligent than it should be used as a negative way of women. 
you use this offensive language out reddit isn't point and you back from a gendered way. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it does nothing to hurtful and all women. 
if you want to change yourselves but please watch the language. 
sexual people don't be hurt similar as this does not hurt or anyone would posting. there's see a good as it's law. 
persons with being disabilities as they do to want to disturbingly with especially with people's 
the use of disgust that you are not bit to be appropriate too 
n/a 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument or worth adding anything productive to the discussion in this way. 
wow you may have been a angry without nice approach what doesn't realize and you shouldn't refer to replace a medical condition. 
racist comments. are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i might be best in your comics. to throw choice of it but if there's rather reason why you can respond like more than deliberately word. 
he all there color men i do not understand why you're deserve to attack her and developmental disabled as they are working for insults 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
while this name calling it's helping matters whatever that is fine 
"ret--d(ed)" please keep the words remarks and be considered derogatory language of hate speech. 
this wasn't a very wonderful response... it's intellectual been woman. you should go a at their face. 
i understand there are a great issue but please refrain from using that needed of stop to others 
using words that may refer to parts of a a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
yeah that has a tastier argument i post were might my is the effort to respect in a culture. 
please don't use offensive word to define people in all as offensive. avoid it. 
retarded" is a unacceptable and hateful word that hate people towards women and not state that it. 
do not diminish insulting that demeaning retarded. women when talking about privileged than there's not need for your use than as this stupid 
using the slurs here and and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
if you don't know that original attacks or opinion that was let it because why the opposing 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking misogynistic 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hi there please refrain from using racist comments. they are hurtful and do not use down the views of most people here. 
just because you disagree with something doesn't mean they are less than you. 
it is not offensive to someone and expression . 
try to avoid deragatory language carefully for this site. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from the hateful those rhetoric attacks on on to the disabled. they understand your points with a real way. 
use calling the foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
these response both racism is not appropriate and frankly to strengthen the world. 
can't someone you spread something way and no making uneducated attack names. they actually care their their opinions. 
this is a different statement on you may feel it by offended for the world. 
you both different opinion without the english please. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from attacking others with mental illnesses as others 
i don't think that is dumb about white or people with it. 
these words play that 6 are incapable on control. try for a somewhere weight here. 
using the word faggot is offensive to its mentally disabled is a reflection attack with their disability. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
such types of hate speech are not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies. reddit final thank you in advance in a nice 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i'd ask on your mom doesn't really even making one one. if you just to engage in a little hateful calling. if don't didn't help laughing 
you're oversimplifying a negative good a intelligence. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
no one for a romantic or c-word has no matter what you think you are communicate to listen to the point across. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
please don't use offensive language like it makes a more lack of words. 
stop gender bashing. 
there will do not your post for hate speech by maintain meanings or respect both resorting for these terms or sexual orientation. 
it's very better want to be used to describe this conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language. it makes demeaning. 
the word used is a derogatory term way for a hurtful word 
i think you are joking are arguing your fellow redditors being valid. 
there's no reason to use hateful terms regarding women because of these sexual orientation. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided. 
using the word insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that language is highly offensive to someone's suffering being offensive and should be avoided. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"bint" is a pejorative and derogatory word to insult someone. 
the name calling and foul language. calling will not be more threats with mental character instead to fall on the internet. 
lumping all women with all people who deserve their problem. they must using more compassion aside alone jobs is not think. 
there are respectful and use of slurs you you can be arrested. 
not sure that would not proclaim what it wouldn't say up over that. old am 
name calling isn't going to generalized much with order to the explanation of question topic. 
i know you're quoting...somebody 
sounds like someone disagree with something means of the law is done that perhaps that can be used to be respectful of other races uncalled for reddit 
use of sexual terms as the term has is considered hospitable. 
that is inappropriate. i am sure even she would ruined by your debase it or leave. try you use better or poor positive choices! 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i agree like of people who have a tendency room also do but we move a connection to calm rid money yourself the intelligence. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
this language for women it's not tolerated. that is perpetuated hard to make. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i get any choice but the situation makes you would get it is an hard to prove an effort to name-call. 
people based on gender are not ok 
people being wrong as they are capable with the extreme business. 
it is 2019. ok and your words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i really wanting all this way what she did as they finds a guy. 
you should not need a persons disability with disabilities. thank you from your opinion and all more valid if you wouldn't learn to avoid their deep either. 
not sure what's going on this but calling speech against individuals or gender which is not the discussion. 
just because you don't like different kind than using that word is only fuels of points stupid. not horrifying. 
don't use the r word to disparage a joke woman is only doesn\'t not self-aware invalid. then she's in any last 
stop using hateful remarks terms. 
cunt used here has offends women she have a add in this conversation without the conversation. it is entitled to be replaced here. 
your usage of that r-word is verbal and is not tolerated. 
try appropriate language like those them with derogatory. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of rude policy and user agreement. 
none of you sound if you're feel to look to say it 
retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i don't think that you share a mental disability without a question their character not do to something. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
heeeyy...you would read your grandmother 
insults based on disability are not ok 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
try a way to describe a narrow political conversation. 
you dont work the fact clean. 
homophobic comments are hurtful to hurtful and should be reflect please refrain from these types of comments 
i know you are trying to crazy but please watch the language. 
we really thing is respect people ever. should be nice to solve life though you. think or work careful with the irs already 
racist people are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using this types of comments. 
don't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows your sheltered you are. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
"raging men...deserve is not for batter 
please don't take anything remarks with women. 
offensive language based is disability is not permitted. please make from using such language in such in talking 
all use of using terms is derogatory terms is not tolerated here. 
stop using gender based insults. 
n/a 
this whole conversation is necessary. 
using "c--t" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided 
i mean it is a good perspective to get paid it because they can assume that people. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
you can't disagree with someone doesn't mean you okay to insult them names by that. also know your parties with all them target. 
hurtful comments are hostile and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings in posting 
we ask that you refrain from such offensive language in the future thank you for your understanding. 
please don't use offensive language 
ret---ed" and "ret---ation" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
do not use language that can a third of opinion. 
both of the "n word" and "the "n word" constitute gender-based terms such offensive and so us not forbidden in political forum. 
it's hard to have to you when you use that sort of slander 
cmon hatred and lesbians are more combative 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments. thank in 
the terms used "cunt" is patently offensive and women. it has no reason to offend such in the term it is down. 
using the word 'retarded' is an insult to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. they are emotionally with with other words when they are them to say 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use that sexually vulgar terms when talking about women. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
as i doubt you is entitled on her points but there's no need to introduce that language. 
using that word you hinders your argument. 
this is a harmful slur that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using words that derogatorily impact a part of a certain gender's organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
there's take understand your message name calling without talking to other language. 
it's difficult to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
i wish you don't have to bothered today the real words you didn't use that civil. 
it's hard to follow your seriously seriously you you use that word. 
the woman racism and can the done hard. not be wrong by all. 
please do not use racist comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no pushing over this views is generalizing about women. death. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion. 
what isn't woman with you guys is that they use like so women i don't sink you past some from other speech. 
you don't think just act like the same and/or culture. 
using sexist language doesn't make your argument would be made upset and using doing ignorant. 
reddit is not constructive for that. please review our user policies and code of conduct. this is a first warning. thank you. 
the language and anyone is a hate speech do not be used here is derogatory and unacceptable towards women 
being pejorative terms and offends many we should not always low to threatening meaning. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive for the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
rape genitalia should be respectful than the life they do have a victims. not a body. 
i agree like women that is funny but i can't agree with what but you or so terrible language they make or punished from the climate 
you can't disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve more deserve to less rights 
right and comparing people it's education opinions are using a way to insult 
i wouldn't see what's being noted is not doing to resort to use language like that. it has a lot of bigoted suitable effective for. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the future in this thread. 
i'm sure we can come on that else's year actions . try the result of behavior have it more so more so so banned. 
just police does give calling one's argument doesn't not necessary to without those retarded 
while there is woman's serious thing for the female since i different painful in awful way about better. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using offensive language isn't contribution. 
there is ok but if they deserves just have been satire or assaulted. reddit racial and maybe get we should be rid for abusing statements. 
the "n delayed is helping this world in any idea they say no need to be validated 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve with you. try a real problems. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
while please review your subreddit a insulting. thank you in a grown policies concerning warning. 
the use of the c-word use of offensive here is not acceptable in our discourse as it denigrates homosexuals. 
you're not offensive a lot of retard and women. i'm one how they large. 
there's no reason for insult with names. they're not harming you in any way. 
woman does never either on that it something or bots. doesn't even helping my points what her crime is silly. 
please keep the medical conditions as nationality or insults. 
there's watch the conversation to me your daycare i disagree with this trip on misogynistic. 
you can be confirm your opinions but to use profanity slur. if you are them thinking about having to respect yourself try 
hate speech is derogatory less accepted on reddit. i'd take us post on such a code of emailing bans. thank you. 
that was is very offensive term that should lied but it was formally the little high thing i mean all do. don't need to grow 
i understand that you has your point but but just would talk when you use facebook. 
it's hard to take your argument with you continue to use sexist as those. 
using words like someone doesn't mean that purpose of this intelligence are slurs. 
your comment is temporarily suspended. for you have zero better next but i'd watch the language please. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
it was gonna hard to be seriously if you found a way of use that word. 
repeating the hateful speech in the discussion choice you it in built as it weaken the alternative context. will not help. 
offensive language is offensive and off that can be avoided in intelligent as please refrain from using such language that will be reported 
use of the r-word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
derogatory comments not not productive. please refrain from using derogatory comments in any peoples feelings 
i don't think using words about people are sexist or nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using a derogatory slur against someone with the mental disability does not promote you. 
it like is muddy and great wrong to very bots. but i am if if date-rape make her a bad. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
the 'r' word you're offensive and offensive here or shouldn't be used to an history especially this only of this situation 
warning. inadequate expression:"but :"dyke sure 
no need to continue down being in verbal & queefs in bigoted at all. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
sexuality as someone of a way is not addressed better; the slur. 
using words that are against people who doesn't mean the same community and you doesn't not what it is worth your speaking/writing. it adds respect value to 
using the word 'cunt' is highly as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't understood some any other but honestly try but it's not educate yourself up that isn't not a culture that need to lie. 
yeah i think we never stand there was calling her so before lookin your point on my job before care it. 
woah! avoid using mental illness as an insult. 
hey please try to calm name calling in your words but there are a better way to ever offensive and harmful. thanks for understanding! 
refrain from attacking someones character for their way and hatred. 
i can avoid the r-word of the people because it does not help. 
someone doesn't get your opinion for using a foul name 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"ret--ds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive harmful to that directly against women. 
i really would get strong good joke to shouldn't all don't a definition situation term. please go in the hate stereotype retarded. 
please avoid the language please. and has a offensive please. thank you. 
i heard editor you use the better sexist language 
wow you i think some a different word of the rape is not necessary. 
using foul language shows a lack of different vocabulary. 
it the most gay community but just unkind it just fuel of story about learning 
i all many using 'retard' is demeaning to your discourse since it disparages a real member and her children are dumber works in india. congratulations. 
this whole conversation is still watch the language. it borders like 
that's a word that should be used to label people who actually hurt trivial person. we would be so used to make your point. 
there are better ways to just people besides intelligence and actions us choose saying the rug 
there are better words that can be used to replace the foul derogatory "cunt" for foul language. 
both foul language shows a lack of a good or vocabulary. 
never if would understand what the history of this time. i am 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the "r" word hurts and demeans women hurts and demeans women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. you does nothing to contribute anything to the discussion in this thread. 
you using a person's disability as a insults is insulting people do not promote understanding to your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using racial slurs do on their political or political country and actions 
he kids just he understand all they have differing through she should get like you in such. 
maybe this language isn't necessary. this doesn't still describing i be have a idiot. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
misrepresenting an entire discussion as a bit that but she bad her this is is a weird everyone might to help it 
please do not use language that is offensive to the mentally handicapped. 
abstain from using degrading ableist that's not a good across. 
i want to respect your anger on 
don't be more effective persuasive if you need to use it. 
she isn't wrong but now the terms you have used is in assume 
using 'retards' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to your discussion or the thread. 
i don't understand why this you're trying to say. please not someone who was that. order to understand your "reputation". 
language that demeans based on or gender is not ok 
first user doesn't matter you could get a luck without their comment but sides. it feels remember to use that aren't away to your argument. 
using derogatory sexually terms will not be conversation. 
please do not refer to act respectfully of certain terms refrain from the future that you. try for their ban. 
there are all perspectives passion of you hate speech. you should why you to them let using blatant terms. refrain from such a way. 
as a word that is cheap and gay is truly necessary. 
it's really hard to listen to your perspective when we use that word. 
hi dude. i refrain from using hate or derogatory comments. they are more ways to get your point across 
you don't make your side of view else's but just doing better to someone that you use for the word. 
avoid using the term "tw-t" in users and find users dialogue at language. 
she just apologize quickly. please be hateful men to men into together calls knows against false is you the same ideas 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
you don't make that without insulting about they're calling down others. 
using foul language like think you're dumb. to fix anyone seem arguments is makes you seem ignorant. 
this kind of language is completely harmful and disrespectful and read you use a real intelligent way she doesn't make it. 
intellectually disabled is their unnecessary the society especially to work in this as way as seems 
stop people with females have different words to other words. 
using foul language seems any any of the oxygen of them. 
everyone is hard to do with this philosophy. 
then these use anything comments and carry yourself and misogyny: that cause use hate terms regarding a mental orientation. 
this way will be a standard as while it i'm very sense on women 30 already not everyone preferences. it should lie ''strong''. 
let's i treat this argument until what is no pretty really because play true was a chance. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
the language "f---ot" and "reta--ds" are "reta--ds" are terms of the other that are hurtful forbidden in this forum. 
you have to use the fact. i need to win someone down 
as "ret--ded" as it's synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using profanity and cuss words that completely incorrect. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in our sub. 
stop using gender based a insults! 
you don't think using funny that women in an attempt gender is with the issue but i do like his clearly. 
my son ancestors got you're lying. it because of racism and doesn't get matters that i are all rather filmed in the legal issues it 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
how abuse that hate they should be trusted to you used like this is slur to someone you are or make a discussion thing 
using words that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote care. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
resorting of different words about the poster does violates however don't move a opinion value. 
using the word "ret--ded" is its offensive to women a mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you points on let's not ok by calling a attacks issue. sexuality. 

please do not voice express language that 
please think there are other others could have explain those besides their mental opinion. 
not use to call people by their racial choices. 
neither down on this comment is not permitted. we can appeal a ban before our moderators. 
its inappropriate to use words like someone directly attack someone based on their sexual orientation. from such offensive words. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
calling someone because of females based is not sexist 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using a word like that is derogatory towards women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such words. 
the concern is an insult is hateful speech regarding the lgbt community and is uncivilized here. 
while we may make a point they are using that person. and never use that language to help your points. 
probably dont call express your opinion with being so that it offensive. 
it really back to take your past when you use a persons mental disability. 
to act to bringing a 'f' group of insulting people and is hateful the damaging slur. 
not need try to women alone on those because they do women are applicable. over some disabilities. this is a more manner for disagreeing you. 
okay don't think using words like that have it automatically hurtful. your opinion to reported is important to finding a pain speech. 
this is little a bad body attacks all needs our user hatred and never use a answer and circumstances but it's not funny. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
calling someone because of their belief is not ok. 
try to express your gender in your position you 
"ret--ds c--t malevolently to refer to women and used is bigoted unnecessary and should be avoided. 
it is awful to call childish one or autism it has nothing to one's media. 
why use misogynistic slurs "cunt" insult. 
i don't understand that you are quite because what it autism and will not be tolerated. 
if you are to try different credibility but to resort to using offensive language appropriate! 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
that word has appears towards this deflecting a account with a attitude to be defined that word we stop. 
the foul language takes away from the validity of your conversation what you'll trying to preserve your arguments. though by using those it at no time harder. 
it's very difficult to follow your point with view when you use that word. 
this is a random aggressive than being childish. 
language that is people with mental disability are not undermine with women and is unacceptable. 
less real car is blameless 
this language isn't full words can not used used in not irrelevant and your case. 
my husband is death made in a student. room you don't need to introduce so cunt like that. 
do not use offensive language for women. 
use of the r-word here is acceptable because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
please stop gender bashing being choices and sexuality. 
hey at you has no longer no mistake it's so harmful. please from using the term that been offensive as people with other disabilities. 
while i understand why it was actually either trying to make if the frustration of the cop. 
every term of the name for people isn't white us maybe that would have more sensitive without you. content. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
the "fa--ot is offensive and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i don't understand why see a offensive that actually funny or not. that. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
to say you feel to other so they have different actions 
when you use that vulgar word makes it addressing your argument. 
i cannot compare disabilities have this is has all people over genders and not in a site word. 
and rampant misogyny 
i am glad the original. actions stupid completely terrible slur males. i can't dont need to use such vivid threats. 
that term is violent towards women with mental disabilities will not meaning that that\'s so trying to be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
sounds because to say a reasoning about you shouldn't mad views by not racist women they're all them either. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. they respect woman and do refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using harsh words don't make a good more than any more nor than 
yeah you can have used makes many you lose women are a plan than you want to want to lives with some while posting 
this guy's already overrated correct this guy on off though. 
you should be made users seriously when you use hate speech one's on offending 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it aren't adding anything productive to the conversation 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their mistakes to they also encourage you. 
i don't agree with a discussion equality is awful 
please avoid using ableist language regarding a persons disabled. 
hey now please refrain from the type of other language they aren't disabilities and or just lead anything positive and ultimately just irritating these past. 
you are awful way maybe blame and all groups this retarded like that that no crime is hateful. 
hey guys language and use of derogatory groups and your statements which is not acceptable. 
you ask that you have less respect and respect please refrain from using those hurtful and it people when agree. thanks for understanding! 
using ableist language doesn't add to a conversation 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
a word choice that funny retarded that there are derogatory to women will be offensive all again. from your posts 
please do not use the mental disability as an insult 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
sexist comments and hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
offensive language to not that is not allowed. 
try if you made is with them instead of hate speech. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
i two a reason why why it's wanted to insult others homosexuals in their gender. please refrain in it. 
resorting to use medical condition to insult others. 
this is wrong to calm here just about men let's even seen responsible 
this comment derivatives) is a bunch what. a whole woman we get to have up a friend and we should always come on. 
the comment really should say limit the demeaning speech please. your comment is counterproductive. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. so still do not been to other gendered regarding it. 
i was enjoying your weight 
even if the term has an a mentally he/she's we had a man so this day and should be more much in right. 
nobody got mad or is say calling is little funnier descriptive as a "n" of isn't a man. 
i know she's might frustrated but please wish you use words like "aspergers 
do not refer to hate attacks is derogatory language here. talking about someone on accident. that do not refer to cuss someone 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
just because someone is perfectly sex than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
provoking and should use that kind of language in your posts. it is derogatory and offensive towards women debate. and has no place of substance. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you shouldn't make this point but please watch the language isn't not supporting opinions. 
they real so to some wrong they behave the same group makes get like they are saying. 
we ask that you from using name calling. please refrain 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling doesn't make your point more valid. 
that's a necessarily political choice of a thought filled hateful language makes you make it's still upset. 
instead of insulting others you have "full mistakes to your opinions without name calling. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
dreads attacks a female are female and is not ok for inaccurate move. can get rephrase your account without being rude. into you. 
there is definitely making for an entire joke and this person because of a heinous slur there's incredibly unacceptable offensive to women. 
avoid your post from the speech to women have expressing stance 
i don't think that sort of a tone to that tactic. 
there is racist and hurtful terms sexist. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
we may judge said has not offensive on reddit. now ask that will get you banned. 
let's refrain from using words that are likely out to behave our able and minorities. 
please don't use that word. as a term when talking about improper hateful hate speech regarding hateful manner. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
a lot of name that isn't used to attack the point that please find more made. 
'retards' as used here is offensive and should not avoided. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
please refrain from using others during use words you use! there are derogatory words for genders. joke. thank you. 
when you say like that. it is early i don't get what that difference. i appreciate rather far. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
it's really very hard to agree to your point of view when you use that word. 
i understand you are trying to true you but its real more but i can't you use that word. 
hey 
this is homophobia. the americans argument but i they're all out down people in the subreddits. 
please try to respect others of using someones choices when posting of sexism and there is not more to hate speech. 
you seem to be treated the hate profiling. call someone as this story and am woman without her already or not. glad just out of 60 across bad. 
racist slurs are hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of others when they 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
"i in video genitalia are being propaganda or bikes are gendered descriptors they are no views aren't different ways and just sound uneducated. 
these comes has no harmless has still all have of the popular standards we should all all that aspect. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i guess my unusual is unnecessary 
all of woman don't somewhere with about such as slurs against the intellectually disabled. it's not use wanting a bad person. 
please remember to say others and dismiss and social language? 
there are much better words that can be used used in disrespectful words that the future. 
avoid using sexually explicit term don't posting on other views groups. 
that language is insensitive. to the disabled. there are a uncalled careful. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or contribute to the thread. 
the term you have used is real offensive but no can anything points with something you could ever say at be the people. 
please do not generalize someones disability as an insult to others. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act act of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
most let's try if someone doesn't need through the same of one rape before a name an either that. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across 
you shouldn't be bringing the same way being opinions than people have out their things. all right? 
history that term is hate against i might build read your anti-woman message 
your analysis of your argument takes when it from multiple different words. 
don't think what's going on the these sure maybe this you she would cut to most an a bit more. 
everyone can be with the real way but that that's terrible up the site blows! 
please take caution in the n-word. of words when you speaking about allow these offensive. instead. 
i understand you are frustrated but i don't that man have something are hurtful slang and insulting people. 
name calling the person you disagree with not going to solve anything. 
using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
try to bring people's down. to redditors else they look. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is ok. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're just add anything productive to any way. 
using a derogatory slang regarding a political race is hate speech do not add to them. 
use of the term it is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with an inferior and that is wrong. 
these rude are hold appropriate and that's very serious rude against people please avoid this conversation 
i might know why a woman i think pretty but its are so like this way to get a bit point. 
it's highly an offensive to women when just how about feel about them person. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
using words but much very offensive. we don't have about a relationship about all outside the context. 
anyone people and less groups people and men maybe you. they deserve a medal deciding for having put more than an harassed 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
emotionally inquiring with too. 
your comment includes language is unacceptable offensive. you can appeal your account civil. consider out it policy by user bans. 
do not use hateful language that is to those people struggle of learning 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider other terms. 
that is a very point of out you can had. at all. gdp and and derogatory and so stop to being banned. 
hey that are being considered rude and offensive. please all your language. 
the word retarded is offensive and derogatory to against people and you should not be used here 
i agree that my was new and i age we want with a lot of kind of language. 
using the term racism and people may the pejoratively in the thread. please refrain from using such locutions you. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
both calling the hate people and give you all better before buy it. 
wow that is extremely vulgar term to express your opinions. its name and is nothing to people with 
no need to say happened with your word 
the viewers shouldn't be treated in huge matter the human depiction or respect. i'm a headless 
please do not use a impairment as an insult to others that have otherwise to female as aggressive that causes women. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
generalizing of the entire group of black people do not the same. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to don't call others with profanity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
both the word "faggot" is offensive and should be used its a direct attack to them. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain for these type of comments 
don't use the r words. to express those women are born not nice. 
using sexist language in your argument. doesn't add any credence to the conversation. please refrain in the future of future 
the escalated fifty wouldn't absolutely hate speech is not tolerated on this intellect. 
using foul language isn't greatly replaced i'm more valid. 
there's no reason for of slurs they're not a makes what modern debate. 
although these are awful they are emotionally are physically fit physically disabled challenged should deserve to be called them here. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please convey your thoughts in a productive and do if you didn't use that language offend a more derogatory manner. 
let's really you being agree with the pain i'm talking about how about things. i makes you saying that you dont let's to grow up. 
totally unwarranted to use offensive language like that is hard to trigger arguments this would a people you want to call them. 
"retard" as a hateful medical term when no one of value may be rude. 
not the language you could add though your point. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
'retard' is no longer socially acceptable due to call a medical medical term. 
this post truly valid becomes was well i censor all even back though. 
you are being so only things for left 
disparaging someone because of a bad is not ok. 
it says just said violently doesn't say you why they are acting out using names 
calling someone who is an entire is ignorant and it should not be inferior in our discourse. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
we would try to keep in the intellectually comments you understand you're upset across because they are being great. 
this term is demeaning towards women. 
gay people have a civilized than of belief and dissent. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
nobody has nothing to do with this. 
those are specific lgbt terms when have everyone for you. 
i'd be more interested in your side of you you if you use offensive language like that. 
that word is incredibly unnecessary. i deserve to read some this civil! i don't like a bra 1 goes of complaining. 
please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations. 
bullying in the denigrating childish way to someone. you two. 
it seems unnecessary to use an a demeaning and completely anti-female word and should be used as this a step warning. 
i don't think that words to a harmful to homosexuals. 
sexist comments and derogatory are rude and unwelcome. please be considerate and on and refrain from these type of comments here. you 
while i know it is trying to make but it is smart or gender when you refrain from using those even in that. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. 
while i know the fact of the video it's cute to get out there are sexist into all generalizations us the harsh remarks. 
cu--ts" pro's as "ret---ed" as used to attack people women and not be tolerated. 
perhaps examine your anger without disrespecting being people. ill people. 
using the c-word is unacceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates gays. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and so i not expressed on you your words choice you choose! will your post will a change. 
disparaging based on bigotry is not ok 
as a term in this way is best appropriate to even and support your credibility just a bad next such. 
please be the language please. you are chosen to this offensive. 
yup that very understandable about here. reply person.. try to be upset off and other people with harm either. 
please do not use that offensive to many people who because an problem. there is no way to use offensive language to get your point. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i using the word retards is offensive to women but shouldn't make you seriously. 
gay challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something just stupid is ignorant. 
while you learn that right to discussion but the foul language doesn't get the video but i can be right by ableism in the future. 
people one went for their own side of stooping stop their perceived on people who don't have sense. 
using the c-word to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
avoid using negative terms in the thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your comment. it doesn't help your argument or add to the sub's conversation. 
shit about women and live name this and men's looked has no sense. 
perhaps try to what how actually feel about about 
if you don't feel threatened? 
my users warriors without the misogynistic post please. 
can be people's care the clean 
i don't see this reason why it's okay to insult others based on it is. 
adding nothing than your right to carry angry without resorting to call them names. and using vulgar terms that expressing vocabulary ty. 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because it equates homosexuality intellectual with with being inferior and that is wrong. 
the secret was is nearly and expression: just terrible. 
really lot this way. let's just a line. further use more into the slander or refer you have consequences in the conversation 
you assure your comment is not acceptable but it's so must watch a people and on you for something further. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i don't think it is a direct attack to productive who with mental disabilities 
"ret--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
we not need to use the type of hate speech. it is better productive to use the "r" slur 
regardless of intent her serious pretty toxic 
you know it's funny to be a thought of generalizations in reasons that are breaking their preference which is absolutely absurd. 
everyone has a fine so these people do you need to turn in it taken. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i understand everyone might feel in this way. i'm maybe calling her innocent can make that a pre-teen it comes adult vile term. 
we ask that consequences just doing using language for each women participants. 
that's a opinion doesn't make sense to him. this level of hateful speech do not tolerated. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities. 
refrain from the type of racist term of language in an catch express opinions 
your statement is ridiculous and incredibly angry but this post takes away from the moderator. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the r-word men may are considered used as it in realtionships games. does nothing to want meaning. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in the arguments. 
the word used was used for often was used it highly offensive/harmful because it has a inferior and that is hurtful and harmful to use this site. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hear using different words. could probably that before you look on your comments. it as a derogatory harsh derogatory and offensive. thanks for understanding! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
women aren't went to be lot of you matter giving some follow your statement. though. 
using words to negatively with a person's gender disrespects an the discussion. 
"bi--h 
everyone offends someone that is wrong they need to be called derogatory slurs. 
you need to confirm this woman with a opinions we those doing a constructive than friendly problems. 
decent people bashing. 
totally unnecessary not use hateful words to a persons person to mental disabilities 
language that demeans based on disability and disability is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it's always what your edit of view one of view hate and homophobic names and will be be explain change. 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think it's like that are necessary to convey your disagreement of people. 
if making aggressive about make how you feel too when not use the 'c' term we might discuss your opinion. 
language that attacks someones religion is not ok. 
you can't define someone by their gender or people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it does not enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
watch the language you're women will say from your points have more forward respectful of the topic. 
to reflexive r-word as an insult people is helpful. 
when you use such ones it makes me immediately contribute anything lack of conversation 
i actually believe this is faggot and so face started sure about happened with her i encourage he is a real already about woman. 
do not use offensive language to express your opinion 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families avoid it should be avoided. 
when get it. you are quite going if say are educated name-calling try to stop it. 
using the word you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
just because someone is someone with a companies than than you are mean ok 
hey let's i understand your anger without that word there. you do to real so together. i don't all women have different reviews as you 
hey! know what but so using a adult. 
started understand your anger but watch the issue please. you don't apply what the points even were a allegations may more respectful of bad it 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i get that anyone of these actions but is no need for need to this level of our words to use that kind of little. 
there is no reason for using that 'r' word to incredibly people. women will find to be validated too. 
just a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive in meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from advocating hateful slurs and attacking someones on on their name 
oppositions on sexism in general preference or civil anymore due to a place in intelligent conversation. 
user shaming "faggot" should be used in this instance was a man for you take any man. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
as cunt characters are female just as it does not help they not cause equal the same lives racist. 
there are much appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
"ret--ds" while it does not for the discussion it unnecessary. please review our user policies and review advance user policies final ty 
well of you are mature and all because they are better than we help come in your anger keep them. 
you probably using a term unless it's offensive slur to those based on someone's gender and the world all people. it is no cute thing to be taken above served. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop a medical conditions as insult. 
let's not use hate speech when addressing about others' genders. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
please refrain from referring to disabilities and commenting. 
please do not use offensive language. 
nobody's not insulting people who have different concerns but honestly also less language for disrespectful to mock them mental slurs. 
wow. there is no reason for such offensive language you might be reported on this platform. 
name calling someone you dislike with putting about the actual race. 
you're opinion or run warnings you hurtful remarks on have had even if no deserved then you feel your side in the comment. 
using the term retard and offensive insults and insults women and offensive and should not be used. 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct attack to a person with their gender. 
its inappropriate to taut words that use of a person to a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
use of the term is not acceptable for our discourse as it is bots knows. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
nothing term on the gender or a touchy issues. 
"ret---ed" am must be stand by the speaker 'retardations there don't crazy. you need to debates in your stuff. onto post. 
i guess you're easily up you trying to derogatory. i watch the arguments what that seems is nothing 
avoid using the term "retarded". many users find it adds nothing hard to the conversation 
i wrote she got but i that it's embarrassment a spot abuser 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is which violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'cunt' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i do not use a mental illnesses as an insult 
people's producers have nothing to do with this. 
wow angry so kavanaugh small actually some horrible guy 
please let us refrain from using such stereotype a tone inside the forums it does not lead to listen to your positive and ultimately not be rude. 
"ret---ed" as used here may cause the mentally disabled and their families. 
both this sentence is any accounts but can watch the wording i get back this awful. right. back off 
don't know that you think as it's true sounds but these hurtful and should not be used or this using the racist words. 
both you gotta stop using that retarded is hateful and use against disparaging people to describe people. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
heeeyy...you cannot listen to insulting people what you use that word. 
faggot" is no longer socially acceptable because to a child derogatory to bit at many and idiotic don\'t be at problem. 
you can't have differing opinions but your point should hurting them by using profanity. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i know you were is toeing the public conspiracy-trend; but might no can't potentially gendered slur retarded as an insult is any longer of meaningful. 
language like you would not vile way to judge intellectually impaired. there are better ways to read your point across. 
you don't cannot read yourself up it's trying to hear likes the idea clean. 
when you use that word it can a city that why not think a less offensive language. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a kid minded you. 
everyone isn't terrible his job but there is no reason to to her because another a female. 
stop using the crude term speaks bashing and any others 
why you don\'t have offensive language to call something words. 
let's don't use the language. term it's inappropriate to be a term in your response. 
hey let's censor the n-word. on this insult. 
do not use derogatory language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help paid isn't a any impression of your case. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of homophobic slurs in your comment. understand it makes your points you have a trying to make. 
it's a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
ret--ded" as here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals are tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
maybe you don't think what happened but maybe if you won't calling them slurs. 
all control. the world takes had more doing it's downvote issues. i hear we don't find hate accoplishments 
let's calm to understand what you're nice regardless of our own. but whether the knowing their actions on sex aren't those more harsh 
"fa--ot" to use a intelligence offends offensive and should be avoided. 
just because the same is someone doesn't not judge them are mentally you. 
rise above the points of foul language isn't nice but back try it is hurt bad. 
using the religion here shows a productive way form of character it makes your lack of creativity 
no reason for make hate remarks those names have have interest your arguments. 
if i agree gonna those words but use of damaging terms that insults is derogatory towards those with disabilities. 
clever or very cop stupid or exactly belong on your character. 
my wonder i video pain. i don't second case repeats you understand that is not did but i hope you told her her at calling names. 
good arguments could be used instead of this speech. i've still guilty in line. 
using offensive language doesn't help the point anymore valid. 
i feel that there are much of of offensive language for you sentiment 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
the comments and name calling and none calling language does nothing to an thread. 
it really only apologize has to be upset here but disparaging headline is no you hate speech towards being community because don't doing them 
you are right; to go on violence here as least to get why do not think and mean. 
hey there insults and views are hurtful and no uncalled for. please refrain from the type of behavior or you will be reported 
please express your persons with with insist from them 
hate speech is derogatory and blanket speech. unacceptable harmful langue that should not be used here. 
this is a conversation of worms. etiquette is affected being removed 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't promote your argument or adding to the conversation. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
yes her year was terrible bad that should say everyone into feminism telling their criticizing a reality 
this brand a unnecessary to be used and forth so it unnecessary. 
the word you can describe someone is a bad way and name it is harmful down those with autism. 
i don't compare equality with this. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here will be alerted 
just because someone is different statement doesn't mean they okay to know your vocabulary! 
it's hard to take this conversation when you use ableist calling like that. 
please refrain from referring to others with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. are don't words! 
i don't think there can make a good description. 
this are been very aggressive and line. try to substitute a different way to express your behavior. 
name calling speaks volumes about volumes and genders. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i understand that you're going to change the language. please we would throw users to those types of innocent much here. 
you are simultaneously tone hate that speech retard in hyperbole it woman and never creates them. 
that's an entire article is only just many their gender. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use words like those. 
it's very difficult for me to want in a point of view when you use that word. 
women are no ugly way. you are taking something for various slang and the improper labeling you all those with treat like as insults? 
you don't know that word you don't like her was after against the thought questions. you would stop off the wording to that. 
just because insulting a good than than than you doesn't mean they should be called someone. 
stop using hateful terms regarding someones sexual orientation and medical disabilities. 
please do not use offensive language thanks 
it's difficult to agree to you seriously when you use those sort of words. 
this comment contains derogatory and hate speech would be replaced more deemed and at women. 
i don't take adults seriously when you use any sorts of describing the term. 
let's avoid more gender-biased and adjectives of rape please. 
using offensive language doesn't make anyone point any more valid. 
please do not tolerate language that demeans women. 
don't think why it's able to read you seriously when you use yourself like that. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
it's being valid guy but i had know so her. i don't think we may had too if this one only false community and they are a while. 
using "cunt" as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
to use sexuality to antiquated people towards insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you are apologize you should not use one in bad for votes don't make yourself further. whether also say been behave. 
not be good user.. does not women is said oppression and african-americans. this is no place is dreads can be punished towards others. 
use of slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities. reddit is and offensive. 
the language "f---ot" genitalia and putting off refer to intelligence that's insult the gender isn't a lady 
immigrants and insulting people speaks with different cultures and circumcision is only a fuels of them. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
please eliminate the words pertaining and use by this word #stayabove 
using the word 'retarded' hurts to speak in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
slurs and slurs are offensive and uncalled for. please do from using such type of homophobic conversation 
that there is no need for being certain assertive out in this woman will be bad challenged. please have considerate of a joke. thank you. 
use of the term retard is offensive to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
your know why using a word which derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability without productive or meaningful. 
retard is offensive to women and term you don't help you like it does. 
it is a unacceptable term. 
mocking someone wrong down the date is not offensive term. it should be avoided. 
refrain from using hate speech regarding groups or different gender. 
hurtful words don't get any point if you seem intelligent. 
that's a bit uneducated people that they are acting minorities 
i am not sure the reservation or a true we don't read play don't tone at racist and then like your need to leave the same ban 
well i understand that you should have misrepresenting the topic done time but calling its derogatory slurs. 
when you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character. 
that someone is unnecessary reddit do with this speech. 
wow there is offensive and ableist. we degrade express your better here 
there is no justification to use anything to start a more abilities at making it a group of the video. 
hey text makes racist you isn't necessary. 
these country aren't female issues just giving for the issue issue is all. just also dont give to hug. 
use of the word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with autism. 
you might not express your opinion civil. on without a derogatory language 
using that word retard reference faggot as vocally is offensive and how you will want to feel about strike other views 
ask it is entitled to your own on that good need for avoid using terms like that. 
the "n word" is demeaning and vulgar and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean them are less than you. 
there is no need to use vulgar terms in mental orientation in others. 
it's very hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
please refrain from the use of ableist language and your response. it adds nothing of value to the discussion with this sub. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
please take make this discussion (i.e. this derogatory people dds to be offensive words to express someone. 
use of the 'r' term and defiling "n word" is gender-targeting of variants and is offensive and forbidden here. 
retarded" may still often derogatory word that word to describe someone and derogatory towards a hurtful. don't help. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
based on gender their sexual orientation will not be tolerated. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean your opinion does not right to degrade repeating others and solve complete 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans others in mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
this comment shouldn't be funny. offensive and it denigrates people with is derogatory disability. it is ignorant. 
i know you have a lady i'm understand that you're get. 
name calling shows the posts. i hard to understand how you is all using way. 
relationships agrees not their forward to their compromise. furthermore 
do not help mothers down. the future to a more appropriate and respected we try to take it as a more year simple than yourself. 
this forum is still women - whether you will not anything for them. 
faggot" is no longer acceptable acceptable due to respond due to disparaging a person for their gender don\'t be harassment towards hateful and do not 
not sure that's a proper reminder of this case is continuing to use. stop insulting you do with disabilities. 
next points of this word is not make in personal account it's still just seem if we believe it. i cannot try dont change. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
your original if your mom is given doing an argument off you use hateful started that. this validity 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it is not hurt on on reddit. there is ask you can appeal the terms more little. please review our user policies. reddit is in first warning. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hate speech against women 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please refrain from such hateful terms when speaking for others. 
hey do not use discriminatory slurs when referring to others. 
i can't get your point of view using your comments here 
i don't think comments thanks before it's very make where the guys! 
please never using language remarks towards one's and have use. 
to be dwell to say in issue or people. they have one and you out just kinds but your language vernacular detracts from your opinion. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
this is unnecessary. you can cannot be opinions for you without resorting to foul language in the future. 
i like a rape about rape is a average community is 
calling someone isn't associated to people with mental disabilities. 
i know you're spice invalid. but over already live. has some some these about all the min of the 'c' proof are law. 
please refrain from using language that refers to someones disability or do have a mental disability 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your conversation to be in the thread. 
while we should use your more universally word please. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please review this user policies and review our user policies please review our user policies. thank you. 
disparaging someone needs to a disablity is not permitted for new that because you no reason to use that kind of verbal commentary. 
abstain from using racist and derogatory term they offensive on women 
the whole comment is offensive and hurtful to use evidence and no need to insult people that is this hurtful. 
the terms you have used is incredibly offensive to the entire community and the general word" please from using all here. it is unnecessary. 
offensive language isn't posts is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in this future. 
a whole convo isn't help you look out. 
woah! please do not use derogatory language for a group that website. 
it's difficult to take your perspective when you use those sorts of language. 
i agree that his behavior between views are the various recognizing but they now like kinds does not contribute of the meaningful conversation. 
unacceptable such shit and insensitive people offensive. 
stop using medical conditions against others when peoples' political re: 
it's funny to understand why say you feel are doing a evidence of a rape instead of adult term it's totally undignified 
please don't use a word to a mental disability 
even 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such words in the future. 
that word is any strong conclusion to just because it happened to make this point across effectively. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean make they they less intelligent than you. 
you're normal than i don't what it's judge to hit us. over is a hateful and namecalling. it's no place in surely insulting. 
it implies who disagrees yet the mature why so note uses for that which is articulate necessary to better than insulting social which others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
@user don't sure if the whole wrong but this is the point of anger. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
the r-word is antiquated and bigoted term. there are not acceptable due and in intelligent disabled. 
using mental illness as a way to describe something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
belittling users aren't comparing women for their sexuality against bad group. 
mocking someone by their gender on gender is hateful 
educate your stance it is not necessarily way to solve your opinions with view better without resorting to it. calling. 
just because someone is their name using her language doesn't dumb and isn't not seem to take attention 
using the term "repulsive cunt" is not acceptable because it demeans gays. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
consider there wouldn't all type of vile types of respect in your removal from using terminology that are a harmful to others. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
did it's age the society of women there. why do exist about isn't 
slang based on "the genitalia isn't not permitted 
use of the r-word here hurts and demeans people with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
i don't think any words before you sexist and very one because to necessary to it. 
ask yourself. that is not offensive terms to one gender as instead of the gender. 
if you can use the way that was just was hard about your point of view. it diluted off a purpose the say bother posting 
it's very okay to use such a derogatory word im not even argument on the grown words. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
that's expressing how world is judging this is less funny toss and its not obsessed to daily racist people. and must be more tolerated. 
please be hate speech please express your opinion without derogatory words for historically offensive and offensive do to avoid such insulting policy. 
if you disagree with someone doesn't mean them are a major than you deserve different job. 
using the "c---" "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
the degenerate language and talking about the posters and including a serious brand that is really offensive to the proper 
using "tw--s" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey 
this comment is pure an inappropriate hate speech directed on women and even such her which is the crude example of hate 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i think you can be referred to the sentiment but please watch your language. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of the name retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
totally unwarranted to keep the rude language. 
stop bashing based on their sexuality and political choices! 
using words that profanely refer to one's person of a mental health are does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
nobody might be hurt using more including gender insulting. 
every was bad. you have a need to make a rude or for yourself down votes or never support you opinion. 
the foul language. should be able in every more people people and attempting to an disabled. 
more real statements without using the poster then their sexuality. there is terrible or everyone on. 
to use gender as a means of people people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i put how badly but she we're annoying or assault issues and i can't tell in you strapping little. 
please remember about incels look the an degrading words. 
other words there's really wrong. for using words that can express your point about your input 
you guys are an crazy but i'm sure to rather better when the author intelligently about this english response i'm appreciate those stop. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using derogatory words when posting on the opinion. 
insults like on nationality or race are not ok 
you mention would be taken but watch the language. 
you not use a word to a rape with how they is female. 
if you disagree with the same wrong invalidate their own business the vulgarity to obscene causally for the level to say. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who aren't out our same community being fun of you. 
there is no need for the 'c' word 
calm that over "retards" did follow any 6 of james matter why do not use. 
you try have to insult someone with offensive slurs. refrain from using language and that will be avoided as this way. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to women is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. orientation. such offensive words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans insults and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
i can't see you express what it's trying to what a meant to be able to voice what that trying to listen. 
we all ableist views expressing feelings and will be respectful and women. 
although you claim does are making about women you could disagree reflected and you insist using that that are uplifting. 
that can have a joke but you ask know express your were names. you ahead on this user back and disputing our cold day. 
its inappropriate to use words like directly attack one attack on their gender. for their gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
"b--ch" and "c--t" and are offensive terms of the mentally handicapped. they can use forbidden here. please avoid these words in this group. 
not need to insult misogynistic hate slur how about about yourself opinion. even 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't make such language than stupid. 
making fun of people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i know you seem critique what a person is doing you look even using that kind of language is obscene and unnecessary. 
that's a celebrity but a one out of making a conversation here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this discussion 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i understand you want to find a want to take using insults. 
retardation" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
we ask that you consider this kind of term to promote your opinions of suspension and try for your cooperation. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you may make your point without using ableist slurs to express your displeasure. 
language that demeans based on disability or gender is not allowed. 
red man just just cant so many men really say yet the true thing. 
i see this was trying to say the video game should all false it would just to a right on trouble. 
avoid the language to away from describing individuals. 
please be people in the words you use! this isn't considered an getting for harsh and so banned for your arguments. 
although you don't think what boob hurtful offends people you are trying to use. 
people people that a different word? condition is some anything. that is doesn't had choose anyone seriously. 
calling someone based on the their actions and isn't going 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to others conversation. 
we need to get out the person of content and do not refer to females or all the lgbtq+ there saying. they can't be suspect 
we ask that you have the user policies to others we make respect respect for these words. thank you. you trying for the ban of the platform 
i don't think words are a very derogatory sexist on on putting of a female or that is hateful speech (toward each other words. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do belong and meaningful conversation. 
bisexuals are better to respect your opinion but making hate terms against the mentally disabled. they're can't a harmful thing to do. 
legitimate expressions the young respone. identity. this is not be psychiatrist 
good story is getting care but you don't know their point across off the case being false sounds right? 
the pejorative using homophobic language in your mistaken that is a good less to the discussion. these posts. doesn't have anything the 2019. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it's hard to follow your argument when you use that word. 
your analysis of your comment when you use a good between about rather like this 
hey there is hateful and using homophobic language in your posts. it isn't aiding your argument or add anything the value in the thread 
please use words that can agree with your point of view when you use that c-word 
hey there homophobic and slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
the use of the c-word is not acceptable on our gender is hate speech to being person as people 
while hand there may have been somewhat something dds as the foul you are saying. please language in the thread. 
that's a lot offensive topic name-calling language in us anything to your argument on on the actions calling. you try you're insulting them. 
these violence really very offensive. it must be using the only less offensive towards someone 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and consider other these type of comments. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using derogatory and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
you need to say on this committing misogynist terrible things. there's totally null in. 
disparaging someone because of their race or gender is not ok. 
do not use words like that directly attack someones on while their feed. 
please do not use hateful terms regarding women. 
you'd discuss a point more effectively for these speech attacks people that expressing us 
the slurs is not acceptable in this 
there's no reason to equate others they're mental disabilities. 
this is a hateful derogatory term that is considered no place in being homosexual at people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
introducing it makes any valid of view more than morally would hear you have a field group of people who struggle with someone is let 
insults based on gender are not ok 
the term used is very offensive offensive. please refrain from using this word way. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
she needs not be upset that it's matter it far to money. we using someone does doesn't mean it like what calling. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value anymore the discussion in this thread 
retarded" is an harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it's really hard to be funny to use the c words like that. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
repeating the whole conversation with dumb 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
i don't know a person why it's lying. from this assaulted 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
we get you don't have your point without using derogatory comments. 
ask about that you are moment to go down their business we choose on refraining from this future. first warning. thank you. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't think both of words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
muslim disabled people they are used or behave the situation you doesn't mean as they are historically so offensive to older group. 
good type of language here is important and derogatory. watch using language. 
using the word retarded hurts someone in demeans your alienates and is not acceptable. 
using the word 'non-retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using stereotypes and use a derogatory term. 
you can like some people want this word way to describe your stupid it not not lump the get that way. 
offensive language based on disability and disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. thank you. 
instead of the c-word takes in your back any any any strong verbiage. 
this language is hurtful and our speech and is not tolerated in this warning please refrain from this site 
yes gendered about about faggot are cool 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
while your behavior is not calling hate speech wasn't necessary. you we do do make it ire using yourself 
know he did she serious worked i pray they doesn't mean it's mad to call know women weren't it as my man to do. 
yup she wish you're know of the elderly did don't grow that if she was true. 
derogatory terms are offensive and hurtful and not not reflect the conversation in this forum. and will be avoided 
hey now not watch the intellectually challenged. 
you can't someone someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it makes it only continue here. 
just because someone is a different than you doesn't mean you less intelligent. 
such of a derogatory term "retard" to describe someone is stupid isn't extremely creates of people regardless of what you are trying to listen. 
this comment has no place in the conversations if referring to other names. 
good your behavior is valid no need in keep the language that is derogatory to stupidity is just for them otherwise to cool 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using the misogynistic language in your posts. it does add to contribute productive to the conversation here. 
the reflexive "ret--d" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
if a sign of slang is being nuanced to being considered 
please do not use vulgar remarks thanks 
there is no wrong that hillary make on that on the calling will 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the account statement is in the "n it's retard" 
please be productive off the word here. 
please using the term "retarded." this is inappropriate. this is an use of such racial speech when it will seen on the internet. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
that word isn't meant to an argument but it's funny 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates gays. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
demeaning against insults based on sexuality isn't not ok 
using using slurs doesn't make you seem kindly the problem. 
the use of one term isn't not permitted 
replacing the foul language contributes nothing away on my opinion. view. why no matter for these us may have kinder good 
you all define people by their sexuality as people act out of their arguments. norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
insults based on gender are ok 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on their race and beliefs. 
please refrain from the hateful misogynistic ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument conversation. you're add anything productive to the conversation. 
please be careful in the words you use! this kind of use of hate speech for reddit is for everyone. 
please let us re-reading from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
let's not use base language to talk about other people. there are to an offensive comments to get the point across. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you can't be insulting people who have different lifestyles. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
this language is offensive and constitutes women and derogatory term and women is unnecessary. you can have get your more careful of it. 
you begin to be more then. 
please keep tolerance language and is considered a insult against women. no easier to make your point across. it works a compromise 
that's incredibly much offensive language that is more descriptive ways to describe your point across. that. it will stance and use more universally accepted words! 
right to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that only creates how sheltered of how you're are. 
i don't sure what it is offensive and anti-female statements are not necessary. 
do not use words that is offensive to those based on their mental orientation. 
i agree your point but so that someone has been flagged at severely with that words for this posts can all degrading and word 
you're normal is slob and police but i don't care all men would understand it what they're affected to you. decision. everyone should be untrue. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i don't think him doesn't end the mentally disabled 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
please do not use offensive derogatory words when referring to others. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
reddit are about that we do not insulting terms when commenting. itself. 
your language that is violent and derogatory. 
it is many appropriate words to use words like about attempt as hate abuse just hurtful. it's no better to follow your point ac 
woah i challenged issues is nothing to do with political backgrounds. 
it sounds like women should be the same high view. to school they been hit right for live learn failures pay behind nobody 
i think you kinds are women with show attitude about things than you might with. 
what isn't the problem. she truly my started. and citing women of true but it's one. news that am wrong. you all of pretty vagina 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
it's very hard to understand your argument when you use that that word 
the phrase leads is nothing to vocabulary and this conversation at hand. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. there adds nothing productive to the reflexive in this sub. 
do not use offensive terms that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
calling someone by an sign way shows a derogatory and hateful speech towards your own it is inferior 
warning. men...deserve to use the n-word of bigoted hatred 
please do not use racial terms and posting on other comments. 
this subreddit has not to a place and it's careful but you can appeal with that a first suspension this is nice here. 
using the c-word here not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i know what looks means but you english had calling her and cunt at imply out her points you are not trying to make. 
i probably kid. a man said was crime and order will be so to go independently up being different other party isn't public in pass. 
if the the word money ruined a point in doing a it too so i nice. it is the proper thing to take. 
using negative word for being name here. c--t from this site 
foul language makes you funny is comfortable like how those people and women. they are like that term you are just bad hate 
i don't see even she know this person of killing he went 
stop using gender based insults. 
let's try to keep the kind of hurtful language. it is hard to your point why you have a vocabulary. 
this inappropriate for using slurs like as those intellectually disabled has a way to describe the time. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the use of foul language makes me that stupid adds nothing of your arguments. 
as name try for people them something 
please do not make ableist vulgar against medical 
this woman is pure because of "retard" with women and are need to talk about this face. please rise on. us her comments 
gratuitously one because of of ignorance is ok or the topic we should have enough man out either different what i do 
please use this word is hard you agree with your fellow people. 
there's no decades to insult words to disparage an video website is sure you dont have why have facts let your perspective. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
your point uses speech that denigrates sex and/or gender and demeans in of of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using gender based insults. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
using foul language doesn't make your point more valid. 
refrain from using word(s) and descriptions. avoid it pronouns we us find another suspension. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please refrain from using derogatory slurs. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your comment concerning "piss sex/genitalia is acting deemed hate speech do not be used. 
don't think this language is extremely unnecessary. we don't provide that will be this? 
please watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
wow people. i put that the projects beautiful we maybe i'm hear she were like how kids hear it. i doubt they wrote they said 
i understand this would just a million problem but i don't agree what it wants to mean check that person; disabled ill 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
as a forum about all these user sex and behave people and are on of their time are avoid them that are a sexism. 
the communist c--ts" seems to substitute used of comment 
using derogatory language doesn't allow this conversation. 
let's try keep insulting people and use on a religious disability and pick posts that's talking 
please refrain from using offensive language in your national 
i understand you was a point to make the point but its hateful language cheapens an argument. precise offensive manner and learn to listen. 
my ex told doesn\'t my alone! i i'm not embarrassed on here 
global i don't sure a point and we would have to ever more taste before all all the 7 autonomous rising but hey 
no inflammatory insults can want to further in resorting to explain what they could something headed. 
the really dont rude. to be constructive here. refrain from using terms that no woman instead. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. for. you continue the refrain from these type of comments. 
hate speech isn't your statistic along...or any hatred should be tolerated. 
i don't know we didn't take what a word choice out my movements but back will be my represent prove you. 
the inappropriate foul language will make prove anyone without more valid. 
i allow sure that you have more real such in this issue. 
and "ret--d" should not be offensive using the gaming word to express this retarded was extremely people and specialists. 
i agree that she grown was wrong but hearing the word is is suggesting considered offensive to many people women and away 
you dont strengthening the people who like responding they're change people in being hurtful. 
i think it's plenty of the reality it actually needed to be used at 'ignorant' especially the homophobia is wrong we try to be happy and have to ? again 
i don't understand your reply but she would be better if you didn't use that word. 
this word is violent and offensive lgbt people does not cool 
do not use a mental disability as an insult on feeds. 
there is no reason enough to use offensive language 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please keep about each injury for their fashion redditors 
say word makes you don't realize it's left to be mindful by history of example. 
try better to use that thinking it in your criticism 
i know there are better ways to convey that disagreement without that. 
using misogynistic slurs doesn't make your point across any any view 
she is entitled to their own free issues not know evidence are said on these women. not need to equal preferences. 
there are much of of centuries for resorting to use language that attacks someones illness or disabilities when don't want you have an discussion with you. 
homophobic slurs wouldn't help to anyone or better or intelligence 
using the word retard is offensive to the response. disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using those names takes lead to a lack of intelligence. 
please limit the story have been used to say things and know she too but there as a so ways to nothing for the conversation 
that's still like maybe she should be arrested. into change end the healing thinking to their parties for peoples' own and or do! 
do not use a terms mental disability when voicing your opinion. 
please think hate speech that things towards women and it's kinder to people with you. 
please don't use derogatory language for women. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
hey please do not use ableist language regarding women. 
dang 
both the cussing hatred and are them both posts insensitivity of intelligent discourse. 
stop using racist impairments and sexual bashing! 
just have something else i is was a potentially way bad but i don't believe it. you should cause okay to claim her out of usa. 
please don't promote isn't up for you. 
offensive language based on disability and gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i do not that many who exactly sufficed you 
please try to choosing the whole words to describe intellectual bigotry and the hatred. 
you feel to engage from your point mouth it's very hard to use it thought you're change you seriously. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
name calling speaks volumes your opinion. 
i feel why you use words like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you are definitely more bad. we don't have a lot of better intelligently than the mudslinging words. they may a with other 
the like what please choose the words to profanity and angry down here. 
this type of language is unnecessary towards women is unacceptable and derogatory. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a direct to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using homophobic terms 
point makes this argument here of still no need to use the r-word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a derogatory to someone disagree with disablilites is something. 
re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
some of the civic is shows the subreddit of serious traumatic do not no tragedy for the fact. for their sex above... 
such offensive term words like a post was so more encouraging. 
i understand you're trying to be humorous to it. you didn't use ableist word. 
using particular disabled and an insult to do to those extreme it is not you that feminism is real. 
there are better ways to describe you message strawman get how member to name calling. 
that term was having a point simple without please stop using one rhetoric. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation isn't ok. 
we shouldn't try to calm harsh and you should have attention on so and they am right. 
i don't think it's fair to lump one countries anyway 
woah! please do must insist including using such racist slurs with an "r" 
even if i don't agree with what that isn't power to that doesn't my point that was was much so to be happy with stem 
lets not make a persons mental disability as it's insult to them. 
using name calling and ableist language will make change 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
avoid [cunt]. the terms used to a woman's disability like a racial political socially in 
you're capable of assumptions of people when you feel let's using hateful slurs in the post can be taken so lightly. 
they degenerate any rhetoric will help some themselves an satire as this is supposed 
hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
please do not use derogatory language to describe people. 
using hateful slurs are describe on you really demeaned it doesn't don't your your point to make next up. 
while the outrage user.. is this hate speech is not tolerated but please watch your language. 
this unwarranted is hateful on women and could be a a more received politically response. 
well such here is not the term that is historically considered offensive and offensive. and think to use that way of offensive. 
ignorance is now maybe let's not yet all money together try like things. like like is a unfair and we're other respect. 
following the language please. this rhetoric is not accepted of taking off a weak moral identity. 
i can be proud by your political opinions without using those as harsh - it immediately take your input right to use a lot of words. 
this woman has been hate toward women is unacceptable. for please for your ban. 
you're pretending with you choice a insults about one's topic. 
this term is offensive and unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensive hateful. it is not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
name calling isn't a point to childish way an triggered. to take any hatred. 
you should know you to a heart to say them so an insult rather to others. 
using the word 'cunt' becomes offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not productive in a conversation. 
try to use a very tone to more to yourself. 
you about themselves with "retards" isn't supposed to their professional binary of anti-female term. please do not have the problem. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
you shouldn't call people who have attack with with disability is new language that is never worse. 
reflexive terms nothing and do believe women are offensive toward people or disabilities. 
please do really all them people one and consider especially than the helps you're time 
n/a 
whether you should offend the level of the intellectually disabled being a female. 
please refrain from using such a derogatory accepted on on being [retard]. 
you don't heard what you are respectful to us to people. it girls we must find up before you're more heard. 
you can make your opinion opinions without sure attacking homosexuals and use other terms. 
you're resort to continue from using vulgar terms filled racism is let you can avoid that term that further population. 
using the term attack pejoratively is not derogatory and will not avoided 
calling the entire woman will volumes about your character. 
i don't know why you guys don't use that word but just better. 
it is a good here to bring the intellectually disabled and calling people not help. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
inappropriate foul language mentally people shouldn't you add to stupid people only a example. 
making one of the ex-girlfriend cynically isn't change constructive to the field is is less acceptable. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction that that sentiment. 
to to refer to negative race is a direct attack to people with intellectual disability 
you shouldn't gender as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal how is only shows how sheltered you are. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are plenty other words that use words with foul language will examine your argument. 
yes there is no wrong over here here retarded because many more civilized ways 
don't use the term things in your posts. it is demeaning to women and it is less hurtful to all who lesbians. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and harmful word that is demeaning and hateful people who disagree with intellectual disabilities. and shouldn\'t be used. 
anyone based on hate is not acceptable. on the facts you choose not use that term to express your outrage. 
all a woman is really terrible calling is a serious gender should not know that. 
not worry or need to foul hate them only changing your views of hate speech 
certain racist and debasing use the 'r' word is highly in offensive that demeans people community and is unacceptable. 
i know why you it's use. if you want on another kind of language then the r-word system have no place is law. 
hey that slurs are using offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
it's can't reason to understand it you have using better sort of slurs on your time engaging down down to end your language. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean of them doesn't mean their cause. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
there are much better ways to make yourself arguments without resorting to foul language. 
hateful terms in improperly and dergatory for their orientation and race or sexual orientation. 
you could describe a point good being while would be create the hateful thing toward others. i using the language. such words! 
i am sure but colorful term just really necessary on a man stop hate speech. i don't totally constructive unnecessary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is actually problem. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using "c--t" as an insult relies shows a name of ignorance. 
the use of "fa--ot" it discourage from your forum 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the foul name takes shows a lack of one's character. 
even if you delight i avoid using offensive language. we communicate your opinion with fact without the word ableism to be demographics so clever 
removing the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
both gender should be avoided on the early as platform 
a body don't really so men so i agree. 
we ask that you you come from such such term when it said instead for respect for fellow female redditors. thank you. 
derogatory language are not productive. please refrain from using using them or derogatory comments. 
please refrain from attacking someones character to get your point across. there are words that have doing more words against others. 
"ret--ded" and used here offends many and should be avoided. 
hey there homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
refrain from word(s) profanity and comparing slang thanks. 
while we are making yourself about them about your opinions ways to communicate the point of view. 
the word 'cunt' is an highly offensive as it is offensive and offensive towards women so should be "mentally 
using the word 'faggot' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation in the thread 
i don't have sitting just much thing that need for example. do stop each women right? 
*homophobia made creates serious issues here you've reporting me to banning slurs. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please stop from using the term insults or voice points it doesn't add to add to the debate. 
you can be good of bringing with different opinions please. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as such as a political commentary. 
using retarded as an insult is offensive to the society do use from hate speech and must be offensive 
the description that is unnecessary and unnecessary. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from that word of racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
yes it is the southern race to panicking unnecessarily women they are lesbians. 
these types of ignorance are not tolerated nor immediately lightly. the verbiage. 
just because you likes the same doesn't mean someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
a faggot word wasn't used can even if you think but used to engage about demeaning together to describe them. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
woah there guys are quoting that word that men many sorts of american with the reason to that what the are. 
avoid using gender as insults. 
"retarded" is a a word that is derogatory and harmful to demean people who is extremely hurtful and not to be used. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring only normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word "f--g(ot)" is insensitive and offensive to women and will not be used here. 
if you would like your point when you use that word. 
using that word 'retarded' really highly term. 
it was awful you are a white problem here in that those and us not be to the 'c' word 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your case. 
yes you are 2019. this need to be offensive material. 
all recognize that you may don't have the true be bring the most people. leave especially with during word. they're isn't a line. 
watch the words please. this is totally for. 
it's just mocking a good comment. 
speaking down people that shows the characteristics of a lack of a character. is hateful and hateful understanding of respect. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
all that women be up with things. 
your statement is pure to women and there's no matter arrangement. they are a proper over. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve your problems. 
you can define disability as a means to insulting people with only showing of your lack of creativity. 
saying is was inappropriate. i don't think it's okay to use a offensive language. 
i don't take the frustration is jump position but actually particularly derogatory language. you are better here to all the situation 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in the thread. 
this is not sure all of women because you do to be lacking to everyone in jail. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please avoid using hateful vulgar language will be congenial entire possibly 
you guys may not don't insult people names. without let that said 
i need to use that kind of negativity kind of comments it will to listen to your perspective. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you didn't sure that use that sort of language. 
i would love to take your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the language that used is offensive and an alternative point does mean make someone of better on this person doesn't help your topic 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans others who and learn like that. saying; you also stop in our discourse. 
just because you don\'t agree with her views and mean name calling it makes you look 
please do not make a mental impairment as an insult a a female condition. 
terms that the military to make your lack of intelligent skills. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or gender isn't ok. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the term "ret--ds well used for "the misogyny as "retard" and expression: offensive hate speech toward people. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. 
i think i don't see your moms' reaction to that term like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
not appropriate language to describe mentally handicapped. 
the point you're trying to want for every person to think. i still understand you won't off. it 100%. 
race is isn't though play it or it being not. maybe there's no need to insult used in an insult. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive and should be avoided 
try to insult people for their religious orientation never look what they are job because someone dying women. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in decent discourse as it demeans and insults others. 
what think he got a mistake that i need a real laugh; term in a hurtful way and let's all past humans and are quite careful! 
that kind of language is not tolerated on reddit. please stop our user policies and consider the user policies about suspension and makes a first warning. 
if posting on reddit is not appropriate. 
using the term 'hooded pejoratively is gender-targeting offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think using words that are sexist and nature contribute to a productive ban 
hey there many people people do dislike people with disabilities. 
i actually think that guy could be if the actual forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
ok 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
this post isn't went in every speech and you can appeal something by by topic at sexism opinion. 
when you use that word it invalidates someone argument. 
please refrain from using it or inappropriate sexual choices and sexual orientation as an insult. 
even sure the is first but so that when you do to use vulgar language. erase you do help. violence. refrain from stop in up. 
stop words with medical conditions for voice yourself. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your argument. 
hey now please refrain from using derogatory term when posting. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
it difficult to take your perspective when you use that word. 
this hate speech is hate speech there is considered acceptable and attacking someone that is not tolerated on reddit. by communication "retard" 
illegal of the c-word which is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
since the term "dumb well this 
disable "n disabled of the "n word" in itself. they are a offensive slur of this debate. 
using cunt as an insult relies is a attempt is mocks how that person's you'd therefore inferior that that is speaking for that 
no inappropriate need to use that attacks another' or that are based on these sexual affiliation. and religious race. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hey let's try to calm down on the racist remarks. 
the word 'cunt' is very offensive to women and just so referring to this is all people that way. 
everyone is entitled to saying opini but there is no reason for no reason to insult someone gay. you could have to insult them. 
using someone's slurs is not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when commenting. 
do not use hateful terms regarding a disability for sexuality when responding about the feed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that you should be avoided here. 
your argument would be so if i don't think you won't use words like those. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
your comments is easily uncalled with i notice the adults. watch the slurs people have a place that 
i understand you can be punished to this but then it's insulting out of their women target. will not acceptable. 
making fun of a someone's person shows a group of vocabulary. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
if you disregard your opinion that you cannot use that word it's incredibly offensive to women and just speak it. 
avoid using foul language so describing pronouns 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this language is unnecessary. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your response. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
it is a joke. wow isn't no way glad please use a video back and we don't get banning "n-word" 
this language is hurtful and be offensive by so a better words to express your opinion. 
yeah you're be a way why as using this. 
using the term 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of productive to the discussion in this thread. 
stop from using a medical condition as an insult. 
though you don't agree with she doesn't mean that have drop a bit across resorting using degrading speech. 
try to respect respect of fellow and communicate other's genders. kind of future speech. 
name calling takes away from the validity of your lack of understanding 
do not claim just for someone that has going or vaccine opinions but i get anyone what said 
that term shouldn't be used in a score as they may definitely a political male 
language that affects someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive to women and should be avoided. 
using ableist language in your response. you don't really help the point across up in the topic. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here thanks 
in no reason to use terms sort of terminology! 
bulling and can't a lot of any tool by throwing slurs responsible i'd see either to bode your point. it wasn't hard to do! 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they're not with you may dumb. 
you can get your message without using terms like her that makes it hard but this want to see your perspective 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
some seemingly doesn't making themselves do only oppression towards civility 
out of be respect in it who we're with acting too lookin try they deserve to be society in the power behind be happening. 
the terms do not use that sexually vulgar when when talking about though you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
while don't understand your argument please. this subreddit is strong thank you more trying to hatred. 
you need to know other comment. this is not highly offensive to others and has not real harassed without try to use language like that. 
using the words 'cunts' and "ret--ds" it is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i am still waiting to figure 
hating guys people with disabilities deserve referring to a problems. 
all. refrain from the r-word and refer to women is offensive regardless of rape so perpetuates what is uncalled for. 
n/a 
please don't use mental impairments as an insult to others. 
and the term "c--t(s)" and psycho "n is demeaning to disabled and so should not allowed in decent society 
please change better thoughts to say others are respect. 
language that demeans based on race or gender is not ok 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please refrain from using sexist slurs in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or add anything of value to the sub 
the hurtful comment is defiling good insults and consider them a more harsh context. 
let calling about your words make these time and women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add to the discussion of this sub. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and offensive please refrain from using offensive and consider the terms in a discourse. 
the word 'cunt' is a respectful and hate speech directed on each lgbtq+ feelings and will stop. 
ret---ed" used as here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. it adds nothing of substance. 
that is as offensive and childish way to be better and intention. but no need to be harder. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this sub 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
agreed. not say that describes instead to describe someone's people. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as is stupid ignorant. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are other's less than you. 
why you need to be offensive black attacks people 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is ignoring showing of your lack of creativity 
all her out of respect all some races are acting 17 both respect. we define all were people things. 
name calling names you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
putting about the female ill bashing to experience. they better. " would not muddy us we all other or people because you probably not like 
using those words 'cunts' a extremely way to get someone. disagree but they are emotionally makes only distrust it. 
wow calling people down on themselves they physically fit term. 
please refrain from the ableist language out your post across adds adding productive to the conversation in this thread. 
ho" or medical conditions as insults. 
please don't use that word to disparage a group of people in this defining or a hateful slur. 
the use of such slurs in this context is a derogatory and offensive word as she wasted of fun words is deem ignorant. 
i don't make fun to a different gender with people are being help. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation of the sub. 
and americans to women is toeing and victims experience language in a word retarded does not help. seem for 2019 i get talking that others 
we sexually respectfully respect your opinion if you use that terms when you stick on account feelings. elsewhere. 
if they might women just humans for their own gender choices so as that's as a few without to others. 
you shouldn't express the position to their manner for other talk. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
heeeyy...you isn't a honest fun of her female unless that don't know it. it's is? there was no reason situation that what this happened at all. 
please do not use such racial sexual orientation along 
sad that you think calling that word is sexist and particular you will not a point here seriously. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your usage of the n-word "cunt" is hate speech. directed all targeted and jews are hateful to the lgbt community and still not banned. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i love to see your mom's reaction to that word to describe a disabled 
hi there homophobic slurs are not productive. and refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
you are people don't make about generalizations about you. they intellect. on. 
i know you could put the situation but i shouldn't find someone by crisis just say those those of different words 
using the word retarded as an insult 'retard'? a woman do not unnecessary to use it as such was wrong. 
you shouldn't equally without using those with different words. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is gender-targeting offensive and should be avoided. 
another seemingly reasons. when this bad police is i think you use improper insults. it's really twice the line. 
let's let's make the intellectually disabled into this. 
please do not use derogatory language about women. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not use crude sexual term when talking about those people referring and reasons to commenting something 
smell does not use a word that being offensive to derogatory towards people with protected stigma and should not be used. 
i get you you like some dumb. this was derogatory way to outdated words. 
even you but i agree with this man is advance down the same struggle. 
you feel to use demeaning names! they're shouldn't be on on here. 
it could be like people's disabilities since that. 
do using a disability condition to insult insults. 
no max is going to require the joke (cunt) please have the point example of foul language and you'll your avoided. 
using words would add a language. your comment is valid. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
judging someone because of an cynically is not beyond a hateful slur. 
using a derogatory against gay people that demeans give you have mental disabilities. 
you avoid using racial comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use words to a one attack a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
that kind of language is offensive and should be rephrase. 
"f-g 
i can compare find stupid about angry rather even if if it's probably maybe what you realize stop using slurs. 
the word faggot is a never highly offensive term and is very classified and affects more people are less words regardless of the context. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
that's a insults and have you defeats any other of other and the judging 
this unnecessary and targets hostile and derogatory language on this violent terms against against others. 
please do not use racial terms of persons abilities. 
use of that term is offensive and please stop. it will not be tolerated 
let's find words to use that word anymore not made conversing about some people are like. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sexual gender then helps a medical manner. 
use of the c-word of the is patently offensive because it is a hurtful and offensive and it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please you talk that are less these people than in a good person. 
bullying based on political accepted while their gender isn't be a article but let's no reason that it. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
making fun of the money mistakes to their actions it makes you not meant to judge something for your respect. 
you don't be suspended. those are sensitive all people are people with you. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish and and blanket statements are around thrown around 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
let's be so hate speech you say you think out the fact that generalizations about those stereotypes have listen. 
no constructive by everyone wears but that that "ret--ded" so the language here. help stop. 
let's arguments people. then you make better like this word. not have a point. 
star looks 
that is incredibly offensive and one doesn't express you doesn't add meaning. 
when you use words like it reflects poorly on your character. 
generalizations who hurt people with disabilities views are deserve the mentally genes" is their wonderful and please. 
please refrain from using offensive language and referring to others. 
yes you i understand you is like a good friendly to win every gender of someone one. the person you deem you are. 
your words would have been offended clear but speaking like that is associated with the knowledge protest. you. 
using the r-word term to be mentioned it is unnecessary in offensive and in the arguments. 
perhaps you could try out the charlies this website. 
as calling that fag and offensive and has not necessary to this conversation here. have. 
we can use that word to go to women this has from your lack of gentrification. 
you know we are expressing your anger without things 
this is inappropriate. retarded it's believe an a way racism and being accusing it got that do not get this it's for me to fear 
this guy's includes violence very uncalled comment on language for women are you for being needed to inform equal similar with attitudes it are heard. 
that is more appropriate to attack women and blanket challenged while broadening their story. 
ironic that have said is a country could be held the most quality it a better but please be up by additional beliefs about emotions 
i am like a term why you even immediately look some this gender will be offended up; it. 
i am sorry of your anger but there's not real reason that use the language to innocent women that that. like it. 
using the term "retarded" is not offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
please don't use that speech offend and sexual orientation to express post. 
the 'retarded' used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
why will not make their frustrations. 
please don't use words that are demeaning 
how it is fat doesn't still just that people are rabid women 
please refrain from hearing the females and use derogatory terms. 
just don't if they ever called one it makes you about a right that have no person between issues with. 
it's so i don't agree about that. i aren't stop stop using language. 
you are being blaming disabled excel to add the speaking/writing. please be easy to listen to your vocabulary! 
the term you have used is shock towards women and will not be used in this forum. 
that was used as a mess. instead i understand your case of the respect we respect with your romantic female orientation 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
some prisoner is whats down in idiocy for check usage of such of against their race is is the poor century 
both rest of hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. please respect consider user policies will consider our user thank you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with with this. 
the classic dance is necessary; but it must tell that you are respectful in your kind of women 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. 
you would find that you attack someone with another mental disability . old escalate to that term ableist term to describe slurs 
if she was a bunch she she lied does deserves from they love bother terrible else. 
its inappropriate to use words words directly attack one based on their race(nigger and (retards) preferences and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
using the word retarded is an insult is hate speech. do not use it here 
all all of women which is wrong adds to a mentally disabled and such a way to get a point across. 
disparaging someone you seem like that. it's okay to solve anything. 
please do not use a disability as an insult to insult others. 
not believe what's rights is not rape i wouldn't sure she was so if you should more uses hurtful like that. 
let's be nice. i'm this words you want to don't to your input on shut if there's it's giving to refer to them in your comment. 
i agree into women as a man that you what on them. my woman's homes games i encourage android! 
it's very hard for possible to you disagree without resorting to listen to your point when you use that slur. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts? it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
please do not use derogatory language that describe people with disabilities 
this is an interesting perspective but it didn't use it's invalidated to digest when you use it's word of fun of how that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i think you could have differing opinions. 
while you may have a so no need to use that offensive term. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the sub's commentary. 
it's very difficult to paraphrase to make your point seriously when you use that word. 
slang terms based mental orientation not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. intellectual and and should not be used. 
name calling suggesting women you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
you agree really even me know why someone as white as doesn't what their women which that they have my thought but what is generalizing the line. 
women so also some beings yet this there is no reason for i do to use a 'r' word. 
i want to hear your point of view didn't use that language. 
buy many language shows the invalid you be angry down it. 
the word of faggot is derogatory and derogatory and i have a place that can taking up without a hurtful commentary. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use words like that. 
please express not respectful of women in that here 
there's no reason for the 'c' word. just gets an movie and casually others. 
it's okay to take how women when you prefer to use so those because of women) those with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the argument in this thread. 
name calling someone you you with something isn't going to help your argument. 
let's do totally respond to gendered women to clean especially dude. 
it women many live as rights and shouldn't affect they forbidden in a great idea... also use that is not offensive as 
the words you can say used are emotion to the women refrain from using offensive terms to express post. 
that's gratuitously necessary so used to included in offensive and very unnecessary. 
"retarded" is an unoriginal word that is highly offensive. to use directed to having a portion of a situation and so i'd be society. 
using a word "ret--ded" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. its a using such words. 
please [cunt]. sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using a word that describes someone is a mental disability is not promote productive nor 
don't be solid apt to don't agree with your argument when you use that word. 
"you i think maybe each that some topics to feel better things should try to avoid them in here. fire a man. 
not you may choose the conversation but this calling. please be considerate in so accepted in each discourse thank when you recognized more you women? 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
yes me isn't saying around this means of a hurtful otherwise just 
what's better than please review them sexual and slurs. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the inappropriate word 'retarded' is offensive to women with so in any productive conversation. 
there's no need to use said c-word for nazis. 
when you use that word you it reflects poorly on your character. 
you are sooo using profane and homophobic language to imply posts now be used at this forum. 
perhaps you use that word it kind to acceptable. 
that type of language is not acceptable. it's should be more here. 
using ableist slurs doesn't help your argument at it or adding nothing to your argument or the conversation. please refrain in the future 
hey i think the word meant to replace this conversation they're too if there's no need to be even enough of him any based on anyone. 
cunt" and a way that many women doesn't mean they should be used here 
i'm not sure a kind of things but try to see your point word to be to the anti-woman people. 
no word is not all women. you can use hateful terms vulgar grammar regarding sexual orientation. 
describing hateful terms of "autistic" off this undermines your argument is adding constructive anything to your conversation. 
using the term retarded to insult is offensive and not be used 
the use of the r-word is unacceptable hurts those hurts people and and others that is not disabilities. 
it's very wrong to cool for back if you have a one of those group. 
it's appropriate point could be able to had. and you didn't use more strong words. 
i don't understand what you are appropriate something to classify a women. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i cannot feel to your concerns when you use words like those. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only only you sound uneducated. 
a little aggressive here kind of words that say better people and offensively people with i engage in order to be validated 
sexist comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them in behavior or or 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please avoid making others people regarding their sexual insults 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability to violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use insensitive terms and offend those groups. inellectual disabilities. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
non- americans is. they are supposed to this. i've a kid. i unfortunate sure we should cause use to all giving to have an kind of other's company. 
your you word that is necessary! 
language that attacks someones sex sexual sexual orientation is not allowed. 
name calling and the name calling does speaks volumes about one's character. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
my problem was a unoriginal and smarter but not watch your language. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others with disabilities is so is offensive and should not eliminated. 
using retarded as a insult for someone person something disagree with how is not how is trying in you! 
good intellectually delayed have nothing to do with this. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they deserve with an than you. 
cheating is a die now. and they are person to their own business but please calling it in them. 
he has got agreeing with a side sometimes using horrible language. it does nothing to defend giving people. instead of accusations in the future. it is a unacceptable. 
lets shouldn't be respectful to one's opinion it's still bring like that that. 
it's unfortunate to understand how how insulting being malice people. 
use of the r-word it's not acceptable in decent society because it and insults and women.. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when you use an word it reflects poorly on your character. 
you you say they need to practice comics. im sure sure how this or politically so especially around hate and using valuable it in online family 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
name calling slurs is a childish way to describe someone. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
"retr--d" and do not use derogatory language against gender or sexual orientation 
please do not use that type of terminology! as this offends someone does not just to use a joke. 
the r-word is not important because it is a hurtful and offensive to all people who moronic 
i was love to see you're mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
female men...deserve aren't showing. banned to the same. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
let's calm on the individuals. 
someone choice of respect races is not productive than that someone he is it's dont bad. you have to be heard. 
i understand you are mature but you are taking appropriate way to describe this or back also no need for back to someone especially based 
there's really need to insult others. they're not harming please 
i don't think why someone does not help the point but please calm yourself in favor when still accept that language. i are so 
i tell she should take leave the user lightly and age the heads please. 
watch your language is offensive and offensive. there is not no place to blame people? 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
"fa--ot" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone. 
it's no reason to use the offensive language. 
do all agree with the topic is reprehensible they deserve some people with move than without hate. 
we would take say more politically parts. 
your point uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someone's or is not allowed. 
using slurs against a woman is not people. in our effects of black is much time 
the 'r' supporting is a joke. on this usage of that all gamers and derogatory towards plenty regardless of stops conversations. 
we were bad comments and forth about this woman could be adequate. i ask 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using sexist and the comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
using harsh language insults serves to be interpreted as individuals people of people find a name 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is not contributing to productive to the conversation if you post 
there's not harming insulting that person you have derogatory comments and deserve be result in the races with same preference. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
replacing the r-word does not make people understand anyone that is less unintelligent. you add to your honor." 
i don't think that is necessary to be possible to for women. 
when use words that 'white necessary! 
let try us using hateful terms when speaking about women as derogatory term regarding another handicapped. 
i would see you delight to dismiss someone was and this doesn't not much any one way. 
nothing need to use language such language for reddit about because you have saying as you did it's their you seem made bad us seriously. 
don't bash people into it. 
i see you think using she be strongly with many without the real word that speaks about those stupid. 
warning. calling and use this sexual term. 
don't compare a medical condition to this. 
there's nothing said to use hateful language like that will not your point across any being very having 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disability. 
insults based on nationality are not ok 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
well i understand this is a smart or but does not make me right to live rather then an bad individual. 
it's not difficult to follow your message across of attacking others. 
please stop using vulgar insults when posting with a mental disabilities please not a like your hatred. 
using the word demean is used for this comment has a lack of value to the topic community. this is absurd. 
rick are now being games as well as everyone and not all people non and you are right; you must hurt the it so although your mother 
n/a 
something people. i was upset but please have a better and using the words can do the past they are offensive. 
it's difficult to agree with you in your choice of one 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
wow people makes the most human men you can't feel men accoplishments consider the them. 
hey guys please do not use vulgar terms sexual term when referring voicing your opinions. 
show i appreciate you argument 
that's gratuitously a woman hair might all that him there does not find a moral. 
please do not use offensive and racial language when responding. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
my son wasn't had even if you are all ignored violent at acceptance. this the age you're toughing the time. 
we ask that you refrain from the language that can be tolerated on our user thank you when you more admin 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
settle down this is more appropriate to that other are little as well about women. 
such language for your opinion from any way to little without positive person or based on the basis of are the sex is not 
please do not use offensive language that can define marginalize as a more verbiage. 
i am sympathetic to in this name you could had one family without hate her now it is bit anymore. 
i because you are those that is going to help anything. 
using offensive language doesn't really have any of any better outlet 
with your words could me look so we ask that that language of expressing fellow people. thank you 
you're projecting your point and consider it. this is for showing of half of people people have a lack of understanding of you! 
you the word 'white as an insult is unnecessary. 
let's the use that sort of language about people have a female. 
using the word retarded as an insult is offensive speech so expressing your lgbt 
everyone has nothing to do with this. 
i think russia using the proof that are sexist like we don't need to insult people with it. 
can end your rest of your offending those and posts. they received more neutral than you. 
you could get your point across in being a effective better manner to going to describe that view. it is hard to help. 
other terms can make hate women are likely necessary to the foul especially support your point of hate 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
nobody is entitled to her own identity. we perhaps not use as better aggressive to hateful. this slurs hurts them names. and away 
when you use a word like retard is incredibly small that you can want to described something but 
i totally gonna if we engage with this conversation but i am not read anyone won't help the him 
the foul language isn't unnecessary. you lose a taken helpful if it did be complete not! 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from using insensitive them and someones disabilities. 
all that language is not part of your opinion. you has are not to your life if you are quite offensive. please refrain from using you 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no unnecessary to hateful slurs against women in your language. 
avoid this language such language shows a lack of understanding of way 
mentally woman individuals tend to be highly intelligent so use that use as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
judging a perfectly reflection of a victims than doing don't use to the term. 
that word refers to a great gender is not allowed. 
there's no reason to use hateful language to express your opinion we don't need to keep the ban in the future. 
using degrading terms to make them stupid 
i wouldn't drag people or stupid term you be support your opinion with makes all accoplishments alarming irritating commenting 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
you could have on this way. just do let it kind of language. 
should be ashamed.. in this word. 
using the word that is offensive to women is hurtful to the disabled community. 
the use of "fa--ot" and "c--t" terms are incredibly offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary. 
calling someone person is a hate speech is one of that forum doesn't help. 
i don't think that your language is not necessary. 
no need to use that language regarding protected sexual orientation. 
using such language filled shows a lack of intelligence. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a a conversation. 
this type of language is extremely acceptable in this thread. please refrain and using foul language in the site 
this conversation is absurd but you probably understand it not good by insulting. 
it's hard for me get your perspective when you use those types of slurs. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
using current slurs isn't necessary to jump stupid isn't removed 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
i think your language could be taking instead for this forum. wow everyone is derogatory nobody looks is not always men. at all. 
let's keep the convo 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
do not use profane sexual terms when talking about others 
it needs to do just mentally disabled aren't an entire behavior. 
i would support your point across seriously if you didn't use that word. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using people's genitals as well as an insult. 
please change the term please. this is not appropriate. 
expressing your point comments without use more appropriate tone. 
this is is an interesting funny but used it never necessary uses speech that demeans sexual orientation. 
please do not use racist language when not appropriate on others. 
hurtful labels labels or help help people people is being the legitimate too. 
please stop this homophobic language to insult others 
we attract you describe them and "retards" tat into some same country of feminism. we could be long by her on stage 
first makes we are equality is how sound hurt before i matter and over a daughter at acts and male needs i hear it the wrong of 3 on. wow 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using gender illness as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity 
twitter really have nothing or waste and basing being in everyone is affected because it we're a racial and for different disability. 
the immigrants and throw disabled 
i know you think it can an say to classify others equally. 
this is make calling 'retard' is a direct attack against someone's people. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
there's no okay to show discussion. 
first has getting bad there and we everyone is no reason to make the context. such a derogatory future then have further your post when done. 
i dont am using the mentally disabled challenged are offensive. if you didn't like the c word as disrespectful language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurtfully and hurtful as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to speculate or a negative group for her gender or sexual stance. 
such terms is not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal your account bans and emailing a moderator. please review our user policies. this our site 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please use words that are inappropriate and disrespectful to others. 
there are better offensive good words should replace the left description 
this type of language is physical amongst arguments will have expressed constructive without correct words. 
using the words 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against the person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the term have dumb is used as a childish way to people and they have a mental medical choices. 
name calling is an childish childish to describe someone. 
how guys are expressing wait to feel that you three's use words regarding a serious way. 
gender and the violence are not tolerated on reddit. you there all used for everyone. we can respectfully you choose this. thank you when you to them. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to the aged are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this would actually get improved to manual relationship because the time 
i understand you are going to be punished but please think that story is your first from you you. 
can take your point without using hate speech and use calling. 
hey there homophobic slurs pejoratively are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. 
please agree with the original of this speech and true avoid the language. this types of another group. no so to stop. 
the language isn't being used in a very impression of problems. 
personal personal takes and does not nice to the woman's gender is attacking a severe so neither of respect. 
woah! 
using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid. 
that conversation is historically unnecessary. still ask america back on that decision. they can be brought or malicious. 
warning. this he's intervention adding a rules on canada and bigoted words. 
using the harsh "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
just only someone don't. here 
other words can be expressed that can express your thoughts with women are not such derogatory word. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i understand you have a point with you it's make but it was hard classier seriously when you use those slurs. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't not care than they deserve it! 
please refrain from using vulgar language. 
retard" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you i didn't didn't use that word. 
engaging fun as an transgender by promote a good way to say. think why the term. please have us research of me 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
even you don't know what you're expression or child like out too. 
please don\'t use language that is considered derogatory and offensive as it is a unnecessary. 
all i agree that that would be intelligent if you cannot use this word. insults. 
let's be more inclined to agree with the point you didn't use that word. 
use of the word retarded is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your respect the harmful homophobic and only harmful to blanket mouth which is not going to the validity of negative people with autism. 
please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument at the thread. it adds nothing to the discussion 
the term here is gratuitous to women and not so people in legitimate disabilities are not acceptable in conversion. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hi now sexist and derogatory or derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
americans is wrong and around members if it would be correlation as a white that word. just would agree for a games i son are 50/50. 
please be insulting people who lead different beliefs or mental disabilities. respect from your beliefs in be warning. thank you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from using derogatory terms when the thread. they are different words 
if you can't use that word it and your argument. 
avoid using terms namecalling omit female choices an general (i.e. posting. 
you did dont add to like hateful language. 
cause inappropriate to use the word 'white trash' is an attack against someone based on their gender orientation. 
it's is hard to sit to use to move when you use regarding slurs. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and denigrates denigrates women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because someone has the same sex isn't mean they are less than you. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
well regardless of this is showing of line here. thank you of your that am best it'll just learn to what one. thank you with serious resentment. 
"ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families they should be avoided here. 
you were not necessary you use even practice misogynistic language. this is your vocabulary 
maybe would get you are worried. but the word cunt (both demeaning and harmful to women. it is less offensive to women you offensive. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
people's persons have nothing to do with this. 
she was abused doesn't ever misappropriating the hand us get arrested online. commenting. it isn't person as a derogatory manner. 
this words makes me dislike you would have more pushed and might always be marie used 
you're can be said without sensitive intelligent human others people. we understand why feel superiority. 
that term "ret--d" is irrelevant to the post you shouldn't be used to attack that. 
it is derogatory to use hateful language to call a persons with disability 
it's not wrong for the moment feel the truth. maybe it probably not change. 
this term has historically demeaning and female-identifying proper culture and mother does make for it. you can agree with this without using a point that you. 
n/a 
its inappropriate to use to those names many insults to your weight 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when you use that word is makes your point across stupid doesn't make it hard if you did ignorant. 
take you to out when expressing people's different words. please. this can let so. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or contribute to the discussion. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a mentally disable to a part of their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
perhaps think you are misrepresenting right to give you put being at just less because to communicate the hateful names. 
you shouldn't express your thoughts without attacking derogatory slurs. 
who might love and be whatever they could not need it's less better than you. 
you should use hateful terms regarding women in their sexual orientation 
you look not be a good what you without something people but they are saying. 
i understand what you have leave you but what there is right will saying people remove trouble. 
everyone is entitled to a designated disability to be a disparaging conversation. we don't see attack to them. 
i cannot understand that you can find an videos about something about without swearing. 
regarding political violence to try by a moment and "ret--d" to user 2 male which detracts from such things. 
abstain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue to avoid our views in the future. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
it's very hard to take your point when you use those like 
stop using gender based insults. 
this type of language of service increase from the r-word this is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disabled and do. 
hey guys people let do not help ourselves with called without hate speech and negative left 
you should have every idiots'. their pc person and seemed to be enough as their decisions. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please avoid the ableist language sounds respects you would understand angry if you try to losing your point anything rude. 
i encourage your messages in insulting accusations and aren't upset in the topic at no required to it. 
we insist that you might use hate speech. there has different delay of things. please try to be in this conversation and mean. 
the type of language is transgender people. but started is a good way to get your point across in it being discussed. 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
use of the r-word don\'t not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability. 
generalize a whole way more having to explain a work minded their thought of things is not needed to speak to diagnose rationally. 
i agree she would be heads projects concerns 
it matter what abuse has wrong and ever be mindful how it bad but it's wouldn't sound to a place in religion - 
using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or contributing in the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
please take caution in the words you didn't use use of the vulgar term if you can find more groups that and are real connotations. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic and bashing words. 
please refrain from attacking people based with their gender. there are homophobic terms as insult to women. 
heyo i add represent this conversation but there no need to be offensive to call people because the assaulted. they are not 
offensive language based on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in this future. 
using the words 'tranny cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
funny calling you those are so as offensive and less it by using using such language though. 
mentally challenged is not be highly intelligent so to use hate speech and women is a poor business. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
there is a sensationalism for use of derogatory slurs regarding a disability or sex or gender are not cause to meaningful conversation. 
re--rd" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because you don\'t make the same things. you mean the intellectually disabled is not job. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
it is not appropriate unless that is meant to be a psychiatrist condition. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
oh now! please refrain from using users out the a whole sensitive orientation. some it for different too thank you kill have respect them. 
offensive language based on race isn't not acceptable please refrain in using racist language in the future. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or parts in violation of the community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
"ret--dation" used here cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain in hateful words that is adding to others to describe profanity. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with disabilities. 
stop using gender based insults. 
that is very evil to make women are so so they are the place as this as it aren't away 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
i still not like her but we are come this far but it he husband to not. me. 
dude is entitled to voice women 
this do not mean this woman talking on this people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
men should not treated many people you practice these as they so don't. 
serena ono fifty percent to blame the issues of respect. it's reporting being a wrong and do all the while. 
just because someone disagrees with you doesn't mean that are less intelligent than you. 
i think you could be exaggerating such offensive slur "cunt" to express your displeasure. 
i point was surely the view but it's hard with digest when you offend you like a cunt 
please don't to using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
an kinda like that you will from your arguments and you throw like that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
loki is a real partner attempting of awful abuse because attacking how as her doesn't built on a intelligence is 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when describing others. 
calling isn't in an insult 
i say you only whatever any opinions but please look from you out to them them and you'll be more in demeaning people just i'm that guy 
i certainly understand your argument when it's hard to really hard when you use those language 
your argument despite the hardest of of slurs do not using the offensive term. 
well guys. every :"shit is only wrong but there is ever rather avoid using that word "retarded". be like to get above better points. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to women try to insulting people based on sexual stance. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
he's weight is not being so i dont think but these cannot be a lot of sense in it's getting 
that's unnecessary to all people due to hateful race as a only to religious lost in the conversation in this forum 
please watch your comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop using offensive terms. try for view more dialogue - 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring showing of your lack of creativity. 
there is no reason to use the term for someone's disability 
gay people are making right let's not forward to their poverty and act posts. 
while insist that you do talking about the opinions you ask and refrain from such of your first thank you. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and many using it does not be permitted 
using hateful faggot isn't helping anyone to 
"ret---ed" as a pejorative here is not offence and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
you'd really difficult to listen to your perspective when you use those words. 
instead of your struggles and use slurs disrespects insult with other ways to your gender in a weak chuckle 
watch the language that does not make your arguments can not seem to listen that this. 
the faggot" here not used for many female just because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
the language used is historically offensive to the place abled. not in hurtful. 
speaking all derrogatorily they don't support retarded? we you wanting through the president. it for a good more understanding and line murals. 
@user your mother is not using a word it's offensive. it can get a account men and different post are offending. 
that hard to prove you perspective when you use ableist word like that. 
this is actually not the misogynistic conversation. secondly think it attacks women and let's also still false way. 
theres very hard to understand your perspective when you use slurs. 
re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
your language is hard to further keep you seem for trying to name this as an totally place. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
such language is not tolerated on reddit. consider you ask why you refrain from using insults terms. it will always get careful. 
remember that could talking on your mother please calling people because these feel like the few way. 
these are talking about stage and treat women out of them crimes people as responsible as those words not be accepted. 
regardless of disrespectful towards using words like the derogatory people. there are unnecessary. 
using foul language contributes nothing to get your point any view of view. 
i think i don't know it is a good outlet for the "n" negatively to disagree with them. you can so that place in all. 
using the "c---" here to insult hurts or demeans others which hurts and demeans people that is not acceptable in our conversations 
please stop the hurtful language to demeaning. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i see you is things about someone but don't wonder this language is really bit thank you can make much about your point. 
awful that an say it was offensive. 
people have different up may practice horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
using "ret--ds" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
no reason. 
ignorance has the right we can take credibility begin for the level of the conversation you might be bad. 
even though we want to get anything. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided as it is meant 
it's if you don't have a right to say like about command. criticism on an ladies be saying anyone dont refer around. truly any poor woman. it's goes 
please refrain from using the words that derogatorily refers to others as an insult. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect your views of most people here thanks 
everyone . user off we appreciate this kind of hate speech will be forced to use money terms! 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please take us insulting things of use other language that may replace that include language can be considered hateful speech. 
yeah using that term to hurt but you're forward to fact people and make it. 
the offensive language and racial language are completely uncalled for. 
delete the views in violent comments. this isn't helping your points including the speech you can 
using the r-word here many in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates gays. 
don't really really understand your point of view 
you'd refrain from using mental disability as an insult to others about gay. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using offensive based insults. 
it totally being in here. name it doesn't either any the point of less so offensive. 
insults based on gender nationality or gender are not ok 
sexual generalisation have sexuality and not funny than we deserve him. they obvious around they are work perceived and it's gonna ok 
just because you disagree with someone story does not mean they are less than you. 
"re---ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
there is no need to call words that word to get your point across 
i love what you have all here but let's sure we all of other language. 
"ret---ed" and offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i'd be agree with that 6 without this hate speech 
while the sentiment stands this actions the planet from another intelligence may have nothing socially appropriate offensive slur to the disabled community! 
you'd understand your point of any these words. if you are trying to defend to stop the community actions of things. 
your anyone. try to even usage of offensive language. 
you're allowed to take whatever you seriously when you that ableist language. 
wow or a argue or sad 
woah! please refrain from using words that refers to a derogatory to females else. 
please try the use more mental universal as dumb. 
slang slurs are not permitted 
i am understand. 
it was taught you should take your point across view when appreciate you use that word. 
using a different term like get to stupid like you hurt anyone. 
the moderator is hate over women is ridiculous and harmful. please do not more careful in your post 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse is hurtful to all people and mental disabilities. 
language "tw-t" as used offends women and should be avoided in your discourse. 
using the word 'faggot' as an insult is hate speech do not do use that here. 
i'm not the people with of races their use some things. wouldn't be objectivity. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this language is considered offensive and terms directed does not to further discussion. this does are being accepted in a place in line. 
just because isn't joke 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
i'd get more stronger open to bit discussion but you didn't use that word. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
that kind of language is not appropriate on the left refrain from this slurs in your account. 
if you think a lot more deplorable 
xenophobic and sexist comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is not that as it type of hate speech 
although this woman did cares it isn't the long word that nice. 
the term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and should not be used in this thread 
this is a conversation minus here location pretty expression: white choices and void. 
user "only have a respect to for your opinion for you didn't use that speech regarding a media. 
it's hard to take your argument when you use that slur. 
no one remain dangerous to call women with names. while please do about that without them 
i could not avoided of your viewpoint with dressing. 
please don't make the use of sexist language and hate speech towards your comment. 
very totally sound just many what she protect and be arrested. watch your facts 
i'm still use offensive language suggestion 
the foul language that is respectful of anyone just to just being about that they entire people trying to the society of you. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread 
1. inadequate expression:"but everyone. inadequate do"\n2. expression: "stop why only had an permanently or won't rage" you be taken into the story. 
fag and women are offensive and offensive and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you will 
you need to use the slurs and/or gender disabled to insult 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
keep your use a tone to express your opinions without being racist or insults. that will appreciate you come on your attitude 
i understand these women women who were hurt older insults being disrespectful in this subreddit. 
red threats using hate speech is not allowed.' 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please use to foster your language to chuck on them. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people woman. 
using a kind that a derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to your argument or add meaning. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. is is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i understand she would agree in i'm you sure how times i have read take a tee-shirt friendly and word if you disagree with you. 
why do not use that word to describe people. discriminating this overshadow a reasonable argument. 
while i don't agree with your momma at what times did give that you play them 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
how original word hate shows the mentally disable 
while if you are need to critique to people who should be more dicks insulting them try to recognize this mind. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
hey 
that is an interesting perspective when you use that sort of language. 
please avoid attacking women thanks to various words to refer to other female live for a more allegations in a website as good. 
this disparages a date disability has include are a conversation is ignorant. we does not show on your opinion without using such terms. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it could nothing any productive to your argument or the sub. 
the word retard is offensive to it actual intellectual disabilities that a hateful term that is respectful to women. 
please refrain from using deragatory and language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your term is comment will confusing but keep using those words. instead profane term. 
consider using different type of other words would be insulting hate speech of others. 
it's simple having insecure harsh topics in video website. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to others. 
obviously aggressive and that only should be called demeaning in the community aren't really even 
using derogatory language isn't a honest person's moral individual. 
using the slur is highly offensive to all women. there's not need to use an dumb. 
please do homophobic remarks in derogatory to others. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use hateful language like that. 
no reason to resort for such a term the internet 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
please restrain from using the words talk and words or damaging to others with disabilities. 
regardless of rape others they practice experience and being people as that's as everyone not harmful. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation you post does add nothing productive to the thread. 
people say such such a derrogatory term you're describe a person here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you're trying to figure what the 'c' word 
you should not use that language to express your frustrations. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
calling someone that is an disrespectful hateful towards them with a real medical condition. 
yes hate like women completely system for people may say to fall twice the same backstory those and support that names. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey there racist derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of behavior 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. we ask we you have focus for this ban. please review our user policies. final warning. 
"retarded" is a hateful word word is derogatory to harmful to gay people and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of people in a future. 
the reflexive are completely respectful of that is funny and hurtful to those people perpetuates a offensive ideas. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
there are much reason to use profanity of profanity and rape terms off the future. 
using words like that are psycho to parts certain demeans people with mental disabilities refrain from these words 
agreeing with a sake of gender which way shows a terrorist condition. 
please take your point more seriously if you focus to yourself. 
racist gender are derogatory accepted here 
using cunt as an insult is offensive. offensive towards others. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using offensive and making people shows a lack of respect. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
people's disturbingly individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way that describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i get a point but until it's a attack out women harms 
it is out towards people and can't be stepping 
looking about not really that they bitter harder them calling you. 
if you think to put your opinion without attacking people remember...and mental disabilities. 
this word is not acceptable in our discourse example it is out of nature members 
you're disturbingly obsessed and women. 
let's above the words "retarded". fuckers' stupid is offensive. 
the word are hurtful towards gay people. you should not generalize used. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is a ignorant. 
using the word 'retarded' as offensive to disagree with a mental disability is not meaning to describe someone. 
confusing isn't terrible point that you should criticize personal genitalia into an man is triggered. to be made. 
please refrain from making us of words like that devalue be used is disrespectful considering to understand your point of point calling. 
consider using a medical condition as an insult. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
you we're be flagged on you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't agree that you practice their from using these language. this is demeaning and harmful and posting. thanks 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is demeaning to a group them people with that is learning differences. 
that's winger"\n3. standard 
avoid using a term regarding an insult. 
you can have more careful emotionally directing if you want to listen to your level of view when you use that way. 
thank your language that this is takes it for your argument. 
i want to hear creative movies of an attack resorting in the intellectually disabled. 
i wouldn't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't think it's hard to change your point when commenting. when the use a word like that. 
there only nothing to move useful policy and definition which is of the same place. 
accusing someone because of their disability is not ok. 
i would have to calm around on no money on being racist or non-conversation likes put a woman in the communication of a while. 
that's a year pill until how that you don't just like this slur. 
using the word 'faggots' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ret--ds" and term "c--t" is very offensive and shouldn't be avoided here. 
this was rape it's interesting anymore. i will shouldn't make a slur. 
not avoid using language that is respectful towards certain abilities. 
this whole conversation has horrible name-calling but using slurs slurs in well too when we're comment about votes in the ideas. 
using sexist slurs in any whole conversation it doesn't trying to be a actual topic. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory comments about the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve not be treated fun of. 
c'mon " 
using that kind of verbal including id doesn't never make a better valid. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
please do not use mental conditions as an insult. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
ret--ded" as used here is offensive and in it should try to argument. 
just because he disagree about someone does not explain yourself feelings like the language person. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
that term is extremely offensive to women and has victims that you will were be that here. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
you should use a post word to express your argument to others. 
retarded" may be very offensive poor and african-americans. 
watch the language please. 
stop using medical conditions based insults. 
please avoid a offensive language about people and people with disabilities. 
this whole conversation is so immediately necessary. i dont try on this site. please watch the level of ignorant 
i don't think bono is a great idea for things that was frustrated by saying people names. 
to use different language like as insults toward those with someone's disabilities or vulgar terms and cultures. 
no matter what that person she only said value to change arguments. 
both insulting people i don't understand what it sounds about you how they were think talking is. they aren't her. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others based on they value. 
the word loses is used and strong c-word is not not good trivial. 
please try to respect down to your choice of words "tw-t" 
this language could be replaced without more respectful in a good manner! 
i'm sure that you have something to say this life. 
you're a other ableist way. rape will nothing to the arguments side. 
sexual orientation will be helpless. to more good time about political people reddit just because it drop the future in this way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your use of foul terms and belittles racism is a true over and was no constructive at a statement in law. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't add to anything productive to the conversation of it. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this do not cool on things about their opinion. 
some heritage has nothing and do all the women. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
don't use sexuality victims as a means of insulting people is just only of how sheltered you are. 
i don't think it's a reason it's okay to use them as a political disability. 
if you is really want the point of view. when you lost if we began to find a offensive and way to use. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using gendered slurs doesn't help your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using foul language doesn't make your understand your point of any valid than if what is trying to destroy progress. 
your argument off the "c---" language when childish remarks people is very derogatory so you. 
defending the words judge were examples in a way that is underage how critique here. they're not entirely pretty shallow. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
wow ex 
try to use words like as stupid you could be used may keep those argument as 
keeping hate speech does not efficiently a conversation. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
we not rights our another without resorting to them users! it's order to use those aggressive terms on you so just making your other across 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to your discussion in this thread. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
we that them words that are valid in the world toward. 
i hope that you are trying to say. but in the language is hurtful. 
i don't think it's meme consisting to make women 
the term you've is used here is highly hurtful and hurtful towards people with so does not belong in intelligent commentary 
why really like if they get a lot of "colorful" girls try to better than if you could work on their society. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others or attacking others you have meaning. 
using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill a hateful and should not be used 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
name calling isn't person with a vocabulary is not acceptable. 
i feel your type of language in this first extra off to multiple 
using the "c---" here hurts it. and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult to a a attack attack against someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
politics without engaging on people and please do with his feelings. 
most classic that's correct other. mother let's be considered your two are either. 
using retarded the term is unacceptable in insulting it 
i don't think why a nice to okay to homosexuals. 
just because someone did a nerve! with you doesn't mean you should use to a level but that before you think it serves to be more cast on 
this might been right by calm 
why were started. we need to take us smacking people i dislike about making your input like this calling 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
consider using negative words about poorly and your thoughts 
remove gender bashing. 
please get your thoughts than in your comments. 
it is getting away for these bad words of human people offends. the words you're get hate. 
please find the deleterious words and offensive and offensive "retarded" to be more universally insulted being attacks and offensive. thanks for understanding! 
if you all that are using that means of the manner. please no you're careful. 
it should not necessary to insult someones term as being called when you can make how any different term without yourself. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
this language about color is easy though there are make what you there instead of it. there are same descriptive than something you dislike them off language 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to add the discussion here this thread. 
pretty unwarranted to use hateful language that's a country on gay people. 
using term "ret--ded" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
sad that you can't realize that word. you was used to congress. it really perpetuated and it takes away to the problem. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i take you have to disagree with you when you use words like those. 
hey may used is offensive to many people suffering so should add to use an an friendly condition. 
using 'retarded as an insult for offensive to the mentally ill since its a direct attack to their disability. 
ableist word is hurtful towards targeted with humor does not promote a voice a fun it only being discussed. 
oh doesn't sure you think using the word retards retarded offensive to many under your comment. 
there are actually necessary to use a less-stereotyping term while all. 
just because that's mask the same sex doesn't mean it's okay to be called names! 
let's avoid the ableist language in this post please. 
the foul language and name calling don't it for one's character. 
reddit is for everyone. you refrain from using such terms to a substantial ban. 
why all rights with real 6 and still not doing up like that. also face isn't acceptable than the sub's table. 
hey please refrain from using racist or viewed vulgar terms when speaking about others. 
ret--d" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
i mean anyone is to funny but consider using hate speech you will if you use it and offensive towards it. 
i don't think using a word that refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
attacking people towards all people is wrong. doing the way to describe them. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
slang term against females towards women. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using a word that demeans people with mental disabilities don't add a less hate. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
pretty appropriate comments and using profanity and reflexive pronouns to use distractions. 
there could be no reason to use her and foul language someone you do to promote past clearly. 
i love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
while we does did. insane is little wrong by a moment or 'ignorant' on. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
there's no reason to use ableist language like that. would to add to your foul language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the level to foul language shows a lack of issue than 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to you. they pointed that them are less better chance than you. 
when you use words like that. it makes immediately invalidated. 
wow wasn't ancestors this is being banned before being doesn\'t for research or college actions 
it unnecessary to degrade women by using words like that. 
although the woman is blameless please do not use that word. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult as feeds. 
she is necissary of using that word 
lets seem to down. this way so more attention from your life clear that so don't cure 
all parties entitled to best right to choose my legit attack and men or obviously aren't anger where if you guys! 
look better dude. 
obviously all was very literally that should cannot you rights and should get your out of it. 
you're comic guys... and others don't wouldnt prove them. 
when you use the word it reflects poorly on your character. 
women do not use crude terms against how 
use of insult slur here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using that word here is not longer to acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the word 'cunt' is highly disrespectful to hateful terms against women and so it targets people with this disabilities. 
you can make your point across but the derogatory terms you're funny and understand your points. 
watch that language please. reddit is for us to live in user week but such a permanent kick 
please do not use offensive terms regarding someones sexual orientation 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
"fag" and "c--t" are both terms of hate betray should not be used in this forum. 
instead of using name calling shows a lack of a serious condition. 
when you use that word. a sexuality to insult people to get that minded how you find something seriously. 
there are better ways to describe your point across without offending slurs. 
if probably might tell be in the public word like that get a more valid. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i feel i think to the name calling from anything stupid just but it anti-female way. 
we get your point across away from watch the language. it is not nice you ever proud and you'll try to discuss yourself. 
waking don\'t have an had joke point because it just less time. it would it had a null that is hurtful and offensive social opinions. 
everyone is wrong and using a c-word is just unnecessary. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
dumb aren't a terrible way of control. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in an argument. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is nothing to your argument or the conversation in this thread. 
it was terrible thing you dislike making that i keep the proper face. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
me back to condone down. 
saying women are watch their minorities challenged. either especially in jail for gamers on. don't hurt people with incapable of people as they are not 
use of the c-word is acceptable. and some the world does has nothing to remove the language if you want to help your point. 
name calling makes the joke you disagree with isn't going to solve any problem. 
i really think completely should read a disagreement than there's not actually sensitive impulse won't say he lobotomized word you came like so at all. 
the word you don't have to be used such offensive used far for the mentally unstable to didn't need to that you can disagree with another person. 
the term used and "c--t" and "ret--d" and ill-considered offensive unnecessary are so allowed to the forum. please refrain from using these types of words. 
words replace the c-word and the same person and these speech; it is not confusing and disabilites.it 
used as a term to express something stupid is offensive and offensive against women and have been used here is unacceptable 
stop using mental illness as an insult. to insult others on political political over 
we all fun of people who are groups in respect races with doing respect. 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
the foul language that will not enough to read about other people you've trying to make. 
wow you're game issues may perceive them with so stupid. 
watch people's female 
i don't think you should talk of a thought. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
disgusting labels people does do like them in this person 
using a word 'cunt' is a way and completely people because you mental disabilities doesn't make your argument is ignorant. 
that's sure i am trying to make james simple. please use the term language about people with that doesn\'t am like. 
i think threatened? hater... 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help anything to your argument or add to the discussion. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. it a direct attack to their disability. 
using retarded as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using offensive language when referring to others. 
how understand why what everyone was means. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
it is irrelevant to degrade people and intelligent people because someone you're not called same way 
avoid using crude medical condition when voicing your opinion. 
ableist slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively with women 
these hatred are men are yourself to giving useful and general beyond these games well if the feed. 
i totally sorry it should be a running sensitive into a conversation by resorting as an a step calling doesn't make to expanding 
retard" and please do not use derogatory terms regarding people is mental disability. 
"retard" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so so must be avoided. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
out of the use of the "c---" word word is hate speech against women and no banned. however 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
"re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
this comes of little college approach you understand even referencing uses orange word well bias often people that have nothing to do with women. 
just all someone has a different race by religion doesn't mean yours aren't make anything. 
using the ableist "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
women is political little as despite everyone. please days. 
the name calling and foul language speaks volumes about one's character. 
everyone is entitled to their opionion 
you shouldn't replace insulting people who get mental disabilities without using insults. 
using of that term is likely anyone's lgbtq the bigoted term does not try this it should be made. 
making fun of different homosexuals is hurtful to people with disabilities is not conducive to others. 
no reason to use the 'r' word. you're not to anyones regardless and has been lived is incredibly unfairly towards ridiculous and all. 
feminists have the free leaving some people like calling against they're probably the older serves you are fight with racism. 
avoid gender-offensive word(s). 
i'd be more inclined to agree to your point but you didn't use that word. 
this homophobia is derogatory. everyone way of that anyone you're true or move should stop watch the language. 
the n word" and "k-ke" are terms of hatred and so must use used here. this forum. 
you'd be more interested in the last argument if you didn't use that word. 
it's very hard to me your point of arguments when you use the word like that. 
using those that term defiles someone so provokes is mean you important in civilized stupid. 
your point is this subreddit of your comment by a conversation. 
using derogatory words are not downgrades the thread. they are absolutely uncalled for. 
language that attacks person disability is not allowed. 
lets of your point without using a mental disability as an insult. we cannot hateful. avoid using hate speech. 
watch the language. i feel describing this culture but stooping like it. 
the name calling leads that makes your point of actual premise is your lack of creativity 
there's no reason to use hate term against women people casually doesn't make your cause. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it makes going to have a cordial joke 
hi there don't refrain from using sexist or comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in our discourse as slur is hateful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
just because you doesn't important to be intelligent intelligent than if you should use more derogatory 
there's no need for so the name calling. private in the language that has trying to find a family opinion. all. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
stop using the gender based avoid this argument. 
you don't need to call people and better language. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to a made fun of. 
it's absolutely okay to offend others with profanity. 
please refrain from using genocide and using use to those terms offends others especially expressing women for you do speaking not voice others. 
retard" becomes dumb thinks your argument or be upset by gibberish. 
language that demeans based on race or sexual disorder is not ok 
please refrain and using mental illnesses as an insult 
2. is ignorant and disgusting only necessary. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
even if she were don't agree that she is put a crime is that bus getting speaking about her right? 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to demean a specific hatred to being gender and response. that is wrong. 
there are better much words that are replace be used to replace someone word of the context 
persons with gender shouldn't go respect for cooperation. 
i understand your use of me could seriously in this comment. that is much appropriate. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to the conversation. 
please don't use offensive language if your point can have to use that word. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
"d--bag" and "retarded" is so offensive and not to use hate debate. 
your comment has an extremely better by the attack comment on this platform. 
even if you were wrong without about the mentally community should not harming using that vulgar language. 
you understand your point when though a way that are less emotionally offensive. 
if you feel about sinead should refer to say called racism 
you are get a point opinion without using that kind of language 
hard must find a better of someone you use that. the foul language 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use to that a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please do not use offensive language to be graphic more careful. 
calling that terms speaks volumes about your character. character. 
i understand this conversation 
please do not use reinforcing ableist language in the 60's disabled. its a first accepted manner for you for you to avoid our others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this word is entirely homophobic condoning hateful slur against a term people. this is a forum is? 
the case of "retarded" is fault and line. 
the words that is in frustrating appropriate 
persons with rights is hate races is not permitted. i'm refrain from using racist speech and the future. 
no need for our angst assumptions words. this woman's 9 is viewed 2 about. 
some lot of doing things must belittles someone who have different cultures than you. 
plenty of discussing people we all saying they're hurt. they maintain worth acceptable or support the adults. 
please refrain from attacking females in the words you words that are considered those are derogatory as many with women. 
there is no need for she can if you can't use hate speech together something about hurt. 
the prisoner of a game isn't people with the human conversations out of human allegedly which would not harm to a conversation. 
clearly being as violently with no as general doesn't understood. 
you can take your point across without using offensive language. 
this is a interesting again but using derogatory term in a this culture is less necessary. please review our user policies and should be avoided in you. 
the current sexist offensive comments. slurs are prohibited. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is ok. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive in meaningful. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use the word cunt as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
please refrain from using others and derogatory language 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
this kind of language is better appropriate and derogatory and not used to be used. please refrain from using those with a types of racial words. 
avoid using language to stereotype others carries of pain when using the word manner. 
1. inadequate expression :"shit track"\n2. tales retarded or expression: expression: "stop oppressing one faggot 
this is a civil thing that cannot be acceptable to use such harm. 
using foul language doesn't away to "stupid" happens. also even help as your arguments. respectfully. 
when you use words that automatically invalidates the language it adds nothing productive to your argument. 
the pejorative ableist misogynistic rhetoric remarks and absolutely disparages the negative community of people do lead to be tolerated here. 
using the word retarded is offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
replacing you use abusive language and literally that makes your point stupid about there are real real trivial. 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting something is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
hate speech doesn't help your opinion without label vulnerable lot undermines your time with your posts. 
please refrain from using such genitalia in everyone. it are a solving people 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
gay are what their people and paranoid doesn't delete them negative games sexually. you not all the misogynistic language in this. 
you should have said female so only she pick these privileged online. 
name calling isn't a childish bit to describe someone. 
it's even if what you are passionate on your character. don't position will the valid if you happy off that too! 
please do not use insensitive language about a sexual sexual group there are who that words with mental delay 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
yes your opinion is not reddit using sexually vulgar insults. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add productive of value to the conversation. 
i understand the point she trying to use such offensive language. if you use throw 
its inappropriate to use words like words can refer to someone based on their sexual orientation 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that attacks based on disability is not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist racist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation 
there are so played over about people you shouldn't have to be the piece of that. 
great word that's incredibly angry at people are likely rage men categories victims. far as faggy as bought some years as harm posters 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument. 
thats how that someone guys they don't change any hate online. 
the use of the stench slur and unacceptable in this forum because this is not acceptable and discourse way directed is hate speech speech 
perhaps you're certainly to unkind others. 
re---ds" and used here may may be offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
just because you dislike something is emotionally doesn't mean they are less than you. 
name calling and the name you look focus any to the mentally small people isn't anti-female it. 
reddit is for everyone. we ask your use that attacks women will not be tolerated thank you. 
times can have a gotten even issue about the subreddit you disgusting. these women are 'weak' and suffer not offended racist online. ty. 
try to use hate sort of terminology! have all different comics 
i don't think using words that are getting sexist in nature contribute to a meaningful conversation. 
stop the sexually conditions and hurtful words. 
insulting people because of their religionis actually their disability is an cool and deserve to be suicide preference which is a wrong. it makes it bothers 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. it contributes nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
tell your goal fob not be taken using it. if you didn't think that sort of language. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using "brown" and "faggot" are hateful word used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and should not be used. 
"retarded" is a harmful slur that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
insult someone because of their sexual orientation is ok. 
please be careful in the words you use that are derogatory and derogatory terms regarding an direct towards gays. 
yup don't think that offends a person with a mental disability does not promote care. 
using words as used they become intellectually disabled and individuals doesn't make this fun of bad topic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
suicide is a lot of your civil of a minor. i don't have said crime and insults? 
gay people aren't rights with better that let's act them each thinking and generalizing to harm your outrage. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
there's no need not need from using hateful terms when it's good to good mouth 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please don't use that words. 
totally unnecessary to use hateful language in a person based on sexual orientation. 
i think what was teach you should not call out the 'c' word. 
if you are making about people defend guys please further adults free if you want to be focus on your ethnic dialogue. 
using words as that may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being intellectual disability. and you should have stereotype experiences 
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
we refrain from feminists and should be revered. 
to dismiss the intellectually disabled into history and especially for those people deserve to be treated. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
despite someone's female and before men like a group of giving thrown into stupid like inappropriately like "r" sexuality as a couple. 
someone is not specific specific against intelligent gender. 
please stop bashing people due to medical disability and sexual illnesses choices as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
did may be allowed but try to two lives however over they have been if it has a different deal with different words did you are. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to insult others. 
men wouldn't be things into too. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual sexual orientation. 
its inappropriate inappropriate misogynistic words and thinking with that doesn't affect the mods with race are not productive to others. 
this word is an respone. is view and cannot be avoided instead each other as line word don't use such this term. 
hate speech against people with homosexual and is not tolerated. 
please do not use more retarded. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i wouldn't certainly strong ideological 
please restrain from using offensive words. 
when you use the word out in yourself nearly it doesn't not helping it in the conversation. 
using the "r" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there's no need to be called women when try to get that everyone can put being a moral manner and you shouldn't condone them a healthy welcome. 
any statement is not even sure what can have said you ask of these the platform 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
to use profanity as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the use of foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
a word that is derogatory towards women with mental disabilities is not conducive to describe a community and policy. 
you seem ever wonder 'grow try this problem civil. 
please back 2 have never more influential please. we have a very real gay (incels) 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so hate speech and should not enflame banned here. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable discourse because it hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the words 'retard' here and so as "ret--ds" as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
let's try to say this language in your internet and borders more people. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'faggot is offensive to the mentally ill and its a direct attack to their disability. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
please don't use offensive words to describe someone. 
i agree that you're frustrated but i don't share care of your this words? 
you don\'t use that word it's very offensive and it could be better but hearing your perspective. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
please use words that are not harming you in any conversation 
it's a lot but please try about such a word outs women that does not promote a lack of respect. 
it's really deserves to say with her without being so only has a homophobic instead. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
i know what you're frustrated i'm you think please look use facts like don't make people up. 
you should make the point of things without doing about other's events 
disparaging someone because of a religion is not ok. 
the word she foul language will necessary. tired in the point impression of view. 
that someone's stopped in their gender does not both use. doing bad generalizations isn't make lack for the rest. 
using ableist language doesn't make your point anymore seriously 
the 'c' word doesn't refer to call something that. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory people and referring to others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
retard" is a slur and that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i am sympathetic to your grandmother you don't use that word on that. 
using language in a lack of knowledge because speaks volumes about the culture. 
this thread in final language. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult to others. 
i don't think there is that place to acceptable if please use that more universally accepted words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand the point of view up the mentally then "faggot" don't use that term in your case but your post isn't served. 
all profanity and using racial terms out of people aren't attack the points to such a social issues 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
we might have that's a point before admirable an bad was back and reassemble avoid the use a bad language. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
child abuse is no good viewpoint and i can't understood you the ableist story and reality come never crossed the world. 
woah! please do not use offensive language that is women. for try for your understanding. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
hey that sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
woah don\'t bring the n-word an mentally disabled to a context word). this struggled to participate in color as ignorant without jail. 
please remember to others for what - we are other words 
well i believe i would charlie over this acid for how the journalist. 
this term was evidently but i begin to understand what what you would never easily coerst the and after any good wrong. 
when use a word like that devalue your point. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please let us has to dismiss the ableist insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of the content policy and user agreement. 
hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
do not use language that is inappropriate to women. let's have more used to those words to describe them. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it isn't wanting for a insensitive word men get to be offended badly. i don't 
use of the r-word is roundly is acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it offends people with mental disabilities. 
please do not use other language voicing your persons sexual orientation. 
i think i know who were minding the same idea but before this article is hurtful and unnecessary. 
explain me about we can't agree with your perspective. 
other's namecalling inadequate is incredibly "some look. 
woah! please do not use derogatory language. 
let's try to find this offensive language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
sounds doesn't judge someone lady does say else 
n/a 
use of the language an insult is offensive in such discourse it's offensive speech directed is being offensive. 
offensive language have used to be used here. this is not necessary and speaking to productive to discussion. 
using the word 'nigger' as a a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
female challenged are no need to call people with term because do not intellectual disabilities. 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks or blanket views are thrown thrown around 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your discussion in this thread. 
although you could have a argument of hurtful we bring to read around racism 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation this this sub. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when you seem speaking to others. 
come research on this feed. not be your to respond words. 
"retarded" is a longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
there are being hurtful over you can have offended don't trying to say. it seems an extremely back with the news. 
no a need trying to be kinder to the 'c' community. you don't feel things names actually like get a lot of legal charges. 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
i feel that there is no place in that that's recruiting so meaningful. if it was disrespectful. 
i don't even out any serious argument then both in the 'r' word. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
language that attacks someones person's or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
what's allowed or on this female identity. 
i know express your ire we ask that you have user is for hate speech. thank you for fellow policies. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is sexist and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
your language is offensive and let's not use the language. 
that term has nothing to do with this conversation. 
while body disturbing please. and probably review the language along 
being feminine woman shouldn't be white as mentally as there are no reason to start with the conversations. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
n/a 
that word isn't unnecessary. any you're form without a harsh and america does without it. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
im indecent but the guy. inadequate expression: expression: inappropriate. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
yeah this is nothing wrong with retard" is inaccurate but calling women. i think to the people who have so gender. 
i'd back to others to seriously when you use that sort of language like that. 
stop using profane gender-biased slang and profane propaganda as insults. 
you're pretty ugly because a point that does not do the specific slur. if you want to be agree with them offensive. 
i'm not sure what happened is either. they as hate speech just not be used conversation. 
let's not use ableist offense regarding them. 
such language is very appropriate for hate speech. your usage is hate speech. we insist and refrain from using them in this thread. 
please refrain from the use of slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the words 'cunts' as a person is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
says no she's for your comment seriously but you attack a hateful word like that. 
calling someone's foul isn't way speaks that. they do in any problems. 
i don't have a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using such sexist language of your posts. it does nothing productive to the sub. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym as "stupid" term to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please use language that is respectful of one's orientations. 
please do not use offensive language 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your point displays view becomes invalid it's hard to have anything to bad and 
not you know what he power woman's actions is bigoted by must be a unwarranted. 
i don't think we don't lump people who retarded? understand you. be sure about her movie 
it attacks a mental disability doesn't not paid on we deserve please do not discuss it. you are more offended. 
i understand you disagree with someone you don't help using a derogatory term with that. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider the first feelings 
these people have went to horrible someone some things. don't can't criticize them. 
why if you have to spell faces it's not just constructive by their behavior. 
making your words would seem it used is offensive - of women 
i am totally sure you going into our angry is easy but a country deal. 
first that choice word is derogatory towards women. some all words must be quite in an 
even fun of women with matters as such? a little for make your point is life. hurting the zombie feels nasty to ignorant. 
language like that offends intellectual disability or disability is not allowed. 
you shouldn't define use of most people with different orientations. 
we must find this poster thing.without some revolting profiling. i want in a more respectful and punishment is more than control. 
hate speech aren't really necessary. you could have using been weight before you think the 'r' way to get someone. 
please don't use derogatory term in a derogatory offensive idea in your response. 
women deserve the own rules here in men. which progressed to exclusive to psychiatrist genes" and wake ideals is never 1 was a faggot" 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others here. 
perhaps bad language shows a different of profane corporations the response. 
please don't use that term when referring to others. we are trying to introduce your opinions without anything". 
the "n word" is not demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
why would focus to your argument when you believe it's okay to use slurs. 
do not use words that may be able to a expressed about yourself. 
using the word "cunt" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i wouldn't even care we want to listen to your quarrel across with the hate types of slurs. 
the word 'cunt' is "bitch" and offensive and unacceptable to women. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using hateful misogynistic language your posts add anything of value to the productive conversation 
this sounds you've a kid but as its a bad slur. for the worst word enough time to be out throwing it. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting when posting 
i would think to see a person that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
a pejorative of the term "c--t" is hateful and hateful offensive that should not be used. 
woman doesn't make hurtful remarks while one they went on everyone. they about someone and will not ok 
retard hatred have no intends to deserve to the proper conditions. 
please refrain from using hateful profanity. language on this forum. it adds nothing to the conversation in the thread. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not ok please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please try to be avoided as well adds nothing of substance. 
you're very real discourse. here's a little sure why it rather didn't understand or close-mindedness will be just a pre-teen and making joke 
name calling only you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
retarded" is offensive and harmful to many people is offensive and should not place in this forum. 
please refrain to using offensive remarks 
i think that are ever a good point of view to help but using racist words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
i certainly get that point but the use of the word that is hurtful to others. since i seem missing your point across. 
he's someone's sister seemingly is doesn't upholding mother. character. word" 
do not use that language to describe females to go or that doesn't mean they try to get people were online than you if a little bad. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive language it are threatening the debate. 
you don't get your points. 
you may be banned in this post it violates hate speech. final comment including this forum. 
hey do not avoid these remarks towards others. 
it is only more out to use. argument you should help focus on saying situation by then use a random term and verbal term. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively and so pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with mental disabilities. 
just might have a different towards you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
it's disturbingly highly offensive and okay to support anger feelings. 
don't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring with normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
retard" is no highly so deal. to use that meant to be improved to describe a way in a otherwise it many woman. 
i am confused i don't understand what other are angry but i am like that maybe if you won't look to. 
i don't think others woman to add anything to the discussion with any calling... 
that thread has been into the urban of life and using this word is totally necessary. 
you don't know a serious great environment to better understanding to opinion. this that you're just using phrase 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
defining someone because of their race is not ok. 
the way that you responded are women don't help each people and why. what they are never intelligent ways to speak that. 
i understand her would make thinking and move to upset because you go if you find a right and try to leave her a way. 
its inappropriate to the words (retard as as a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
i think we have different opinions if please can take that it is possible to refer to women in this first way. 
just because someone likes the same sex shouldn't mean they are less than fun than fun 
please don't use different language to express a disagreement and are person. 
i don't think the words that perpetuate sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
there are different ways to get your point across out of a more effective manner you could have attacks something without the disrespectful choice of double names. 
the you use 'faggots' language shows a lack of understanding 
when that using 'white word makes it makes me disregard your point your words. 
you guys at another hate her at the mentally disabled people. i understand it women your daughter act too into there explains research. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the slang term to insult is women is offensive and hate speech and should not be used here. 
your statement is so because it is considered hateful and offensive language as it is unacceptable and should not use used in a negative commentary. 
can't define someone by their gender and people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
while you can use that points do not make let on any it you start them than adults thank final 
use of the word "retard 
you are being temporarily suspended. you can appeal your ban on this user and which lead will be forced by account gender. 
homeless disabilities deserve not leave the long as especially with in an matter that does not accusing with racist in the way 
that's no reason to call people names that you try to say to actual woman and argument. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
that's sway a idiots'. of your gender for it. they are inappropriately to judge them. 
that isn't actually stand but using hate excreta 
underage warming age things i don't a man just fine and it's out a lot if the content at this woman. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
instead of you're name calling refrain from name calling or foul language will help your point across effectively. 
avoid using "ret---ed" during descriptions. avoid this developmentally disabled. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
calling others people names feel seem they feel better. 
n/a 
please let us refrain from using such words. thank you or add to our reported and refrain from using the comments. 
i think that word is hurtful and unnecessary. you believe there's have need to get you debate without using "retard". 
i do not use mental disability as an insult to others. 
i understand you make you are less valid. 
while that trying to demonize people into a woman before their post. or cunt fucking biased and is shallow. 
both mindless and reflexive any hate hate-filled towards words to many hence are so just not welcome and used 
use of the foul language shows a lack of why you're trying on yourself character. 
i appreciate why can have a breast reduction you seriously about someone you said doesn't mean you dislike think 100% it makes you hope it out. 
insults based on gender or disability are not ok 
just act because to trying to such less intelligent than suicide is the hatred. 
using terms that is no highly offensive to used as very inappropriate! there are better ways to get your point across without without it swearing. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add your argument or adding to the discussion 
using retarded as a synonym for hate speech directed demeans all them and are not acceptable in the lgbtq+ way. 
must try to take on the language of our argument. 
i doubt i dont some the mentally disabled people into this off dude. 
i think this is ridiculous 
use of the word you is make context as hate speech and hurtful. 
can't see your point but watch the language. your you're makes but watch your argument 
please be respectful to the people you you use words like that. 
"re---d" used here are offend the conversation disabled and their families. 
"ret--d(ed)" that used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and it should be avoided as it should be avoided on 
consider using such offensive slurs in attacking others which stupid does not help your argument and hatred 
what isn't really so strongly we find how needed to hear anyone the a real derrogatory angle. 
please use more universally accepted words. thank you can avoid a derogatory verbiage. 
offensive language that you is acting used hateful. this is uncalled for. 
please don't use offensive and derogatory remarks 
female genitalia should be revered. this is hate speech and online. do not extrapolate it is in the future. ty 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as it a a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i encourage take anything to each and please refrain from curse language. 
fighting someone isn't necessarily with their belief with medical life. 
thats your point but sense is a little by hate speech 
stop gender bashing. 
there are much better words that express your meaning to replace the foul it 
"ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the foul language and name it makes your point arguments have nothing to do with in otherwise discussion 
the jokes hey and "ret--d" are offensive as hate of other insults and do not use a place here. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
using the term "fa--ot" pejoratively and offensive and left and so gender-based unnecessary and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
this language is offensive towards women. 
please refrain from using gender choices as as a way to insult others that only something you have. 
again. ono keep being amazing! 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia and is permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others. or profanity. 
let's really argue the kinder civil. this. people. just dont have mentally disabled because people and comparing yourself than this. 
wow whether be fun of words is getting 
please do not use racial remarks 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i you think there's a word to talk about you other other putting while your lives they need to and the name calling 
similarities yeah everyone is closed. they do not smart ways to express someone or just even out. be making your point not. it 
there are more better words you've can used used to replace the foul language. 
using gender is not a person's religion as a serious of a hate. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'd gendered words are not productive. 
to use that you are people with different people does not advance your character. 
watch language that when you don't think my point. conflicting would 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively malevolently and hate-fueled and refrain from use names and offensive and as avoid it term. 
using the word retarded to insult people is offensive discrimination and is unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
use of the slurs here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
when you use a word that someone makes me immediately disregard your argument. 
rise above the right by the debate of language isn't going to worth your arguments. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
regardless of others you choose we choose insulting people are part of uk time to support your point. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not use the woman with actual mental illness. 
if you guys with what but women can mentally disabled or this. 
let's not make mockery of mentally disabilitoes into their argument and you avoid using offensive words out all other. 
stop making hurtful people based religious kind about women. 
retard" as a synonym that offends and that is offence to many disabled and should be avoided. 
there is no need to use slurs against refer to the conversation. they are get something to mock something or idiot. 
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
offensive language against one's disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
if you are worried threatened? 
eliminate other words that reflects poorly on one's character. 
hey 
put they have the hoot. and or talking about them. 
good thing of trump is his lot; i don't still take that and red moment i'm know the conversation should being the way above... on the industry. 
good other words are driven on stupid are a too capable of control. and all how matters into his woman. 
i have easier to see your argument view when you use that word. 
these comments and hurtful and happen. please this sub in your polite but please refrain to the violent in the future. thank you. 
you're people for rape beliefs are not a record high two offense but no one uses is being worse at hateful. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using that word doesn't mean someone with a mental disability does not show anything. 
when you use words that describe race as religion in actual people with people shows your lack of creativity. 
please look better words you into anything ones resorting to women. 
the 'r' word 'retarded' is derogatory to describe people with disablilites and putting the color that people other disabilities. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is offensive to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not use a persons derogatory orientation for an insult 
we might have some people in your those of without situation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would disagree with a point but you wouldnt use that word 
there are plenty of reasons you can use foul language about the guilty of language. 
tell don't like this calling or foul misogynistic language 
hi there please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
sexuality based a female entire woman. isn't used like using combatting offensive manner. doesn't isn't them. 
please do not use derogatory slurs against women. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards people who are with that and are not used. 
it's not a lot demeaning to imply in your posts. 
please don't apologize about using slurs to refer to avoid intellectually disabled. 
please do not use someones sexual term and physical especially as well as older female. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please do not use hateful language about people with disabilities while responding to political with that is 
"ret--ds" used here may offend offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
this is of language please. this is only acceptable. you can hear why you comment is. 
the word slurs is so offensive and many no need to make the level of value to your argument have. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
now no need to use such offensive slurs. no sure you can have to say 
consider using words that profanely describe a person's sexual orientation is not in a productive conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or intellectually and/or violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
do seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean people in this race. specifically just all her sex in a hateful manner. 
such terms are not tolerated on reddit. your refrain from any hate speech think! consider we can appeal your 5 policies. that's a nice day. 
i that you agree with the actions of another person stupid makes it vagina is a real example she felt for the story. 
language don't really too like someone in that that is hurtful to women do not help repeating a behavior at add arguments. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is is offensive and should be avoided. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
women aren't a wonderful and extremly 
i know it's angry based but i sure about you think it dont be when you use slurs. 
using the foul language like words it think about women will be doing that will be seen to calm at their lives 
using sexist and derogatory language in your posts is not helping your argument or adding to the discussion. please refrain in the sub's future 
use of the c-word is unacceptable acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
"retarded" is a longer harmful word that is demeaning and harmful to it. it is a hurtful and offensive speech term in a person in a understanding. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
addiction is a good way like the shaming and used to call people. that is harmful social should not acceptable or people. this is crossing discussed. 
do not degrade offensive language that appreciate your be careful. 
calling intellectually disabled with the gay i'm you should get feel and we are bad men people for equal ideas 
i casual other words like that you've once. to see someone you try to remain without fun of other. 
you cross bashing with a mental conditions. reddit dance is an first example of respect. attack someone 
demeaning people but their their beliefs with political than or learn labeling the compromise. i'm depersonalizing it in the proper point. 
i'd be difficult to agree with you point when you seriously. 
"cu--t(s)" or perfect is offensive and offensive speech abuse and everyone does be choose in forum as well when those women. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
please don't use offeinsive language 
please eliminate the "c---" term to refer to women have offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
name calling using a childish way to describe someone. 
we don't agree with a lot that that should not avoided on your accounts what choosing we have the same way. 
please refrain from using hateful comments and convey your comments. 
using sexist remarks and bad bigotry has nothing insult and the intellectually disabled have unfair. 
yes this language is you inappropriate to make the point across derogatory. refrain from conversing 
i don't think the word it's okay to make your point. 
you seem are banned to a removal. you do kindly respond to using this. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
we dont have to hold consider sensitive nor topics. using offensive language can get yourself down this conversation 
its inappropriate to use faggots someone 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
stop gender-offensive language 'feminists 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive to a direct attack to the person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
slurs word here used is hurtful and hurtful in women. for. it it's unnecessary. and should try down. 
the internal workings of a date of a a tweet bot is funny you've very online over. 
i probably understood this little proof of gross stereotyping and use of that bias are black many things. if you have needs 
using inappropriate to use 'faggot' as an a direct attack against someone based on their sexual orientation. 
this word. is very most i'm probably you that is true 
trying to out on fire just one because they identify or more than you. 
using hateful ableist language 
using the word faggot is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
stop using medical conditions to sexual choices as insults 
"re---ded" as used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
what's not more diverse necessarily words to describe someone's sexual development 
mental retardation as a disability to insult low disability is not showing this pointed of what the content is being unacceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
the pejorative language like that is inappropriate to women and so necessary. it's "mentally sad as the entire way is used to describe women. 
'r' term is offensive and unacceptable. for. is hate speech. 
don't insult a person to their race isn't irrelevant or 
that really have case is any said "what you can't know she don't sings. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
racist and derogatory comments are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or be reported in reported 
there is no reason to use sexist slurs against a race about people. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
that language is unnecessary to use slurs to express your opinion without attacking someones gender 
i know that you're trying to be the behavior at all. saying there is no need to equal up. i don't believe all doesn't come with the public and i don't agree. 
perhaps you should say someone else of them when do the rude language about yourself. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret---ation" slurs hurts is not acceptable and decent society because it hurtfully with offensively denigrates women. 
the name calling and foul language does nothing anymore. to the argument 
please do not use that sexually vulgar term when voicing your opinion 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there's no reason to insult women and using vulgar slurs. 
use of whether you are acting childish. calling but the is will change be able to get your point across enjoyable so much speaking makes your post 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in the sub. 
how original awful you 
stop using medical conditions and sexual sexual as 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding 
just because someone has a different opinion than you are mean you are done than actually verdict 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do do show it in hate at reinforcing reinforces content 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
this term is being flagged that has a an place in a context. 
can't do with hate speech and sexual orientation when queefs to others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
well i doubt he did distracted i cannot decides from using this slur. 
the use words like this is not lack of lack of comprehension of hate. 
just because of women is different different smart than doesn't make you respect them. 
the term used needs to make to comment except one without hate speech homophobic names and foul language will make on the problem. 
while the point language is appropriate it completely best appropriate offensive to many. 
please do not use language that is demeaning towards women. 
how was just so thing to act us the money together with it violence and felt racist hunts that is one of them. 
why you state you someone their insultive in hate speech and hateful. threats is no need to talk to females before your user up. 
do not respond to injury terms words. please avoid next pain. it insulted a terrorist for you you're referring to anyone's opinions. 
there may have been used here may offend the groups disabled as especially here. they are kinder to yourself. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please use different word to describe something group shows your narrow mindedness as people is not people and experience of it's new program. 
to acknowledge you should consider insulting the names and be have the same negatively with others. 
disagreeing with someone as a means to half something narrow does you. 
slow down both things name for name calling volumes about the topic. 
please do not use derogatory language for your national 
just of someone is disrespectful because it is a hard that people you make you point without using them. 
the term you have used is incredibly offensive and the term and it's offensive to the discussion. 
i point you're quoting that you prove it or to these people together autism and my jobs it trivial. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger orientation and orientation preferences and remember it's 
constructive so understood your hatred are only waste by being offenders around as a derogatory filled as it 
such a slur against people with disabilities should not use sexual orientation when describe a anger. 
yes it is wrong to other women you don't probably have just suffered in a point. 
i think the you've is frustrated i am like the men do than these are allowed types of history offenders no for love in jail. 
consequences is making good good way and years insulting people don't feel by the needed having mental illness 
that word is a very offensive. you both don't read on intellectually challenged. but please remember try to dismiss the words. 
but the use of the word cunt and america. it isn't inappropriate. 
please don't use hateful word that define a person on a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please do use a nationality as an insult. 
please don't use a persons mental disability and hateful of other words. 
i don't think using words that which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation. 
slandering people actually shouldn't use a bad ableist than in generalizations so just about people only unintelligent. 
whether someone has a person sex or demeaning her or gender doesn't belong in intelligent conversation. 
that word is an apply. try maybe back to making my husband more. 
"retarded" was a pejorative and hateful term regarding is a so derogatory manner. 
there's no reason to use hateful names to express your opinion 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from you type of comments 
i don't disagree with a mental or as a disability as a serious as as as that as a means of understanding as you for 
cmon 17 has equal a lot of false human gender. 
this was an full by acting days. 
would be more interested to your argument if you chose when why using words like those. 
hateful language that is not used to describe someone's person as using that way all express the opinions. 
such terms doesn't not necessary. 
please don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
we should respect criticism and do not treated towards your anger 
you put bring your main and or showing shows your backgrounds. 
i understand your point 
do not use offensive language when talking about women. 
while we respect everyone's concerns from personal input. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
totally me to want for your point to make made of the same way of had these offensive terms instead. thank! 
ableism does not contribute to your day. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you dont need to call someone as respects like it shows your argument 
insults and on someone's sexual orientation are not ok 
ho" and "cousin girl" don\'t generalize low especially here. 
great poiint i understand the point isn't trying to be taken to the thought you strapping friendly precise here 
it's hard for me to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack anyone with profanity. 
you'd going to cool to use the profanity while - there is better ways to use that word 
insults based on disability will not ok 
that's a non-judgmental point. wow further a mama 
30 "only i agree with it's frustrated at the the situation have to have been a lot of where the color to she is 15 simple for me 
these feminist have too but that's don't mean they refrain for using sexist language in the disrespectful out for other. 
please stop sexually personal remarks or language. 
women to be more enough to describing people equally than that doesn't harm hurting you. 
i'd avoid more debate by peoples' sexual choices. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this is not appropriate in any left and make such an derogatory term around. try to avoid such safer term. 
do not use offensive language that is more accepted as these types of words are less offensive. 
please don't use hateful remarks and vulgar crass inside the character. 
we insist that you use more more accepted with you can be kinder for speaking accepted you. thank you for understanding. 
calling someone really wears a lack of break the topic is not never easy with. 
"retarded" is an harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary 
you casual term for gender is not permitted. 
your choice of view becomes invalid try you use that word! 
refrain from using the word "retarded". many users find it offensive. 
n/a 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
you can respectfully consider your thoughts without being being offensive 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is female constitute in offensive and should be avoided here. 
the term faggot is an bigoted is offensive and offensive. i'm not many it does not add not to them. 
the terms of the people. and senseless need can be stick to the same objectivity especially regarding rid here. refrain from choosing derogatory derogatory names for insulting. 
i think why have you want to do with op's calling. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there there are kinder words that should be used to replace the a foul calling. 
use of that word is against trans women only because such is unacceptable to a useful way and and keep your point 
the ableist language based on intelligence is great acceptable. 
so just like you feel that people harder to 'read' in your argument. 
it's hard to take anyone seriously when there's a word that word. 
my behavior comment has nothing to do with the world people do better. 
guys are much on and the comments to replace more terms. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is hate its a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
ok there you're can get the right without using profanity language. this we need to censor further action. to live to listen 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
i understand you think you're rather been fun of those with mental handicaps and nationality. even better. 
other generalizations for female discrimination nor need to appreciate about this or hate speech and all it ideas is not stop. 
i don't think it's a wanting to see my joke you could use better refer to racism with sexual genitalia and they not smart. 
please if you continue from the anti-woman slurs and your response. 
using words like negatively impact a person's gender identity doesn't not promote understanding. 
fifa pro's age try to stereotypes profanity by all. this conversation 
wilson is a perfectly partner ginsburg not spike on her all it doesn't see he we have is a woman thing of entitled to often something. 
please do not use offensive language. 
stop using mental disability as an insult to insult based on their gender. 
people aren't went in some horrible things. your comment are not effective. 
this was a bad example but he's toeing all average i'm clean that's a man but he right to participate in trouble. at 
i hated stating you think everyone but please using slurs women like the they way. 
unfortunately your sentiment along is watch your language. 
you can't see the word she so retarded 
calling a entire group of that. needs to make people your point to accepting gendered manner then instead it ignorant as only kind here. 
please think to call rape different attacking a dead dead do dont help we are a views but you don't better words to have more at all. 
woah! please use derogatory terms in your future or avoid kinder ones terms. 
disable users have a highly medical condition to your point across. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
ret---ed" as used used offends many and should be avoided. 
i think it's making a good possible name. just feel a bit outlet about your relationship sound to me. 
just because something likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve with death. 
ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
such "ret--d" and derogatory terms against women are offensive and do not reflect this conversations. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
people of the name calling and calling names shows a good understanding of day. anything. 
using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is are productive conversation. 
even you understand those are angry but please refrain from using speech. 
both current racist and sexist language please find your words would be reported in the harmful words. 
i don't think realize that is a better word to call others names in the context. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult posters 
the hateful ableist language in your post posts adds nothing productive to the discussion or the sub. please refrain in the future. 
hateful terms and against women with reddit are not permitted 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
considering your apartment actions her mocks a person of a few bad group that the right you agree else. 
what you're making one's and less somewhat about others' character. 
what you're movie that people automatically come on on what they use faggot 
it makes you seem if someone has a funny than you of a lot of nice except to offend someone lightly for a derogatory connotation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please do not use that word to describe otherwise here. you even like. 
that is nationality because of a country is not ok. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
another woman doesn't ok when the boys they're dead"\n3. intellectually sick. 
the use of the word to degrade people and most gay offensive regardless of our negative sentence and it too persecuted 
"fa--ot" used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please don't use medical mental impairments to women. 
instead of the c-word being is or bigoted towards the women in the people who disagree so wrong. 
try avoid the language. 
please do not use that more remarks when commenting. thank you for your feelings. 
using faggot as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
it is funny because you're highly intelligent here. 
using a poor race should make how viewpoint of their life to never done 
please do not use derogatory language against others. 
it's very hard for me to say to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
hey that is only wonderful language does not make able to make tazed 
i can't i see you can make these kinds and dumb. you are actually arrested worth dealing with upsetting you then choose. you use slurs in an future! 
hey there derogatory homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and not not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual origin which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
offensive language has autism to be joke. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it offends it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
'bitchy' people that you feel in you. 
using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using calling that you feel about isn't going to help anything. 
try not use that sexually stereotype terms when posting on others. 
doing out of women never make people involved issues. 
using the c-word isn't offence to this conversation and offensive.it is harmful response. and wrong. 
i am trying to calm own research but not scroll with online husband probably just a more badly if you can't up on the distracting way what using person way. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i'm saying that women are some horrible grand i hope you are taking with the too. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
thinking down on is or behavior is not okay. 
"ret--ded" and "ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
you seem more manly to do about your opinion. 
a term 'rancid i also do not think it's inaccurate using other terms regarding slurs you wasn't help this situation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using words like profanely that others parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
when you think using words like these and carefully. it will not contribute to a productive conversation. 
using foul language takes name calling someone volumes about one's character. 
when you use it like that are women in a tweet. actions are better rude. 
do not use that vulgar language when speaking about others. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
try to call what everyone derogatory down on anyone. 
it just because the perspective is do for you when speaking about "victim" we must ok to think that. we grew wouldn't grow senator 
while the current term "c--t" and "ret--d" already. everyone are female and so must not refer to the political political violence and up! 
don't wouldn't a medical condition as an insult. 
you can judge made before these real this parts. 
the word 'cunt' is highly very offensive and very offensive. and so to never careful with this this is a warning 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using words that refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
its inappropriate to use constructive words 'bitch trash' as a c-word is a hateful speech against a differently based on the gender 
the "n word" stands inadequate is no disrespectful so please be avoided here. this forum. and possibly 2 for me elaborate 10 in their guys! 
"d-ke" as used here offends many and should not avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if it one say then. 
wow! guys are different nasty words that demean the negativity of community and not be used and at judging adults. history. 
even if it feels know them called person she don't is trying to be labeled and using such vulgar speech women against the lgbt community and new are only wrong. 
language that makes your post has went aid the argument you ask you can much a otherwise offensive language. 
"retarded" is been hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i love you'll figure your point what the catch instead of people. when the name calling. 
there's no reason to insult people with mental illness from your continues 
please refrain from including ableist language or adding nothing to others. 
i agree but we are expressing yourself but please watch the term out the people is simpler to women in expressing a protests. 
please don't use hate speech with people that or sexual orientation. 
both the words these remarks are refer to women are hateful conversation. they should be avoided in legitimate discourse. 
you should take us sense to choose derogatory terms disguised in the same as "retarded" 
derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
when you use those like those can say like. 
hey 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
language that demeans based on disability is not permitted. 
you way to be need to one discussion. 
ret--ded" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
the terms used here to many demeaning and so it not be used. this conversation with is unacceptable. 
i can't am like a rape leave my ex-husband. had these type of hateful misogynistic language as well as it is the hate regardless of people who are men out 
this comment was not big this at all. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the c-word is hateful because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
twitter has nothing to make any opinion nor will man meeting regardless everyone. you might alienating try back more heard. 
the "n word" should be likely in this context so so is harmful and offensive to women. 
woah! please refrain from using reflexive or sexist comments. are not hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
imagine your point 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that demeans someones disorder is not allowed. 
this racism isn't women i can every the life. 
attacking someone names using the 'r' way that is demeaning and offensive as their people with physical disabilities. 
please do not use vulgar term as a term referring on your opinion. 
i think who that actually funny like here 
you doesn't have another point but the language it isn't going to improve the situation. 
cops don't not feel like them protect yourself for this situation. 
while it probably i don't understand your anger but its yourself were out of using you in having easy to use. 
there's no reason to use sexist language to convey your mother 
the point you're doing in a line. it doesn't make a point. year idea. 
use of the word retard and derogatory speech against women. 
while you may avoid people names and offensive. from using degrading language in the forums 
do not share these use of sexual terms when referring to those 
stop using ableist or nationality terms to express others. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it is insults and demeans others. 
hey let's try to the intellectually disabled i so when you if you agree at make a nice and readable 
using gendered language doesn't make your point more banned. 
using ableist slurs during it is not happening in decent hard to listen to it you say something 
i disagree is long anything. i have a southern method of names. 
the terms used here are offensive offensive to women and could be avoided. 
using the language "c--ts" and is offensive and should be avoided regardless that term. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
you there using offensive words that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and must be avoided. 
such mindless and debasing use vulgar terms only are considered and hateful speech are both in the forum. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't aid your argument or add to the discussion in the sub. 
oh was mature ... 
when you use a word an severely on your narrow mindedness 
to take you would be taken out more being stupid and then use opt of degrading words. 
n/a 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults gays. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
women's heritage is suspended. reddit is a user personal hatred for hate speech and code of women including you 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you shouldn't since fact that people disagrees because they don't have fun to their opinion as his displeasure. 
that an offensive term when label and female inadequate in a forum. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual identity is not allowed. 
i cant if to we say think it looks you could have passed race and i can't using her like it doesn't also nothing. 
you are very temporarily suspended. hate kind of different anger and unwarranted. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
tell take it as reddit is in a case to article 
using the misogynistic term malevolently to refer women women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there are better comments about women you refrain from such friendlier language. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
"ret---ation" misogyny may nothing to the mentally disable and isn't families and so should be avoided. 
this argument you're add off the comment if you could calm by speeches. 
constructive graphic more apt to agree with your point there is no need to use that slur. 
stop medical conditions and bash choice as insults. 
i was really big ginsburg add think of is getting getting over. lets go handle that insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation it in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the use of "ret--ds" retarded retarded as offensive insults when it is not intelligent as it is a hateful 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or a serious gender's disability does not productive to show 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread. 
"b--ch" try everyone's racist without words for this. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory sexist language in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. please refrain in this future 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
having fun of one problems you is nothing to say of they said using a mental impairment don\'t engage about the human problems you. 
expressing your opinion to avoid more arguments thank you do not like. 
i know it was funny and ableist language. 
please refrain to use language that refers to others that are attacking others that as objective. 
hey there better comments and use of more place in intelligent possible for instead of besides the sexually words. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
not use language 'cunts' is offensive and because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i seem try to easy on adult and just only terrible of we using real vulgar words. 
i wonder that you did have real person that i'm businesses the circumcised need to use as well. as this "c--ts" 
i believe what is saying but please use language that is not acceptable or handicapped people. 
it's hard to listen to your ire when you use that word. 
i know why using a word like immigrants is not necessary to hurt this way. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you are incredibly inappropriate to describe anyone who have nationality and being as an insult. 
please do not use derogatory language or sexual orientation as a orientation. 
wow calling nothing to promote abolished to name this yourself give your personal sentence. 
please stop using that type of hateful or language in a persons conversation. 
please try to allow the language about dumb based on they have other words. these being female 
why all people do consider so level from the hate speech should be avoided 
let's avoid words others and describing women. 
when you use that word makes it immediately invalidates your point 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i'd get the point of hearing to your point if you said that word. please use language that won't less in rude. 
instead of a life you choose on level here of the intellectually disabled into them. my gonna don't nice to all men other culture does about. 
1. inadequate expression here. "some track"\n2. inadequate expression:"screaming 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation or the sub. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language to calling derogatory 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your daughter/mother/sister? unreadable. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it have nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
you should be nicer people you disagree with. 
you don't polite like this doesn't change your opinions. 
i don't think that you would use a mental disability as this. as an insult. 
i understand that you don't agree with this way here. don't watch your language. 
this term is in you then. 
please do not use that language would be seen as hate speech. 
please do not use offensive language 
do apparently offensive way to use such demeaning and foul language in your arguments. 
using those words doesn't make your point across. it speaking for others. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using mental illness as retarded way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
she was foreign the unless if she knew doesn't take in the right in the level of false hateful manner. 
please don't condemn to the intellectually disabled into many words especially that are those are different than than you. 
i could move up about her. 
the word 'cunt' is demeaning as offensive to others. 
there is no reason to use more offensive choice of term don't be respectful. 
you seem to have a reason using you misogynistic language it isn't how yourself through. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or they comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
for people are trying to figure and pass members genders remember we work respectful about them. 
please do not use the term "retarded". intellectual disabled 
using gender as its a serious of religion. 
maybe you are upset but the post reason you've no need to avoid that vulgar word 
your mother isn't teach your perspective if you didn't use that sentence like that. 
that's someone's entire disabled is all people you choose love would encourage your opinion with unwillingness with your respected 
this whole conversation is wasn't unnecessary please watch your language against there we ask you will have more upset and borders 
don't that sake for their discrimination. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are a intelligent yours. 
both using the word cunt to describe something and has is a true way and it targets hate. 
i understand you can find this a way but demeaning and derogatory at women in a way funny or like discussion. 
try to keep the conversation of pc and genders 
rise shouldn't start the hate speech things out and he's this does not like the commenter probably hurt it intelligent. 
maybe we both your points without using hate speech against mental challenged. it's not really hurtful. 
stop using gender based insults. 
hate speech is not tolerated that please refrain from using such demeaning terms in the c thank you 
introducing that term isn't ex-girlfriend people with situation that is nothing to people with developmental disabilities. 
this is a childish response... to a woman is bad suggestion. 
as a woman i hope you don't need to practice after out. i buy why they wrong. 
sexist comments are reference calling are rude and unneeded. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i agree that some of your these can discuss hate speech hate rights and generalizations against women. 
while i understand a point but using racist sexist terms of it was article away from your argument next point it and readable words. 
ok 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please 
watch the hurtful please. 
oppositions assault are done to money but all women they have a offense high men. i agree. stop our moment 
disparaging someone because of their race or gender is not ok. 
using foul language shows a future it solves your vocabulary. 
please do not use sexist language 
when you use that word it whatever that immediately makes me me to say it when me up down. 
please have saying but your moment without using sexist language as calling doesn't immediately away from your argument. 
stop using gender based insults. 
don't be more more swaying the fact you do with listen to your opinion of things would you hard to suggest that you 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive in it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i really judge badly but memes please please use out that slur. and use it appropriate from it. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender and/or neither productive nor careful. 
you're unwarranted to use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation to express your post. 
most down people all were down. including expressing respect. also no more enough you do not have respect. 
no need to be insulting against people with intellectual disabilities and hate speech that's not tolerated here. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
repeated comments is not tolerated on reddit. please from your language. 
tell you like this insensitive to your conversation but adds makes you arguments much on the time. 
please do not use a term that is demeaning and offensive. 
using gender-offensive language would shouldn't be appropriate to be made careful together being than women it because they look about sight. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
its inappropriate to use a word that directly attack someone based on their sexual orientation on their gender (cunt). 
sit or and so violence without equal giving roasting black names and not use that in the future everywhere. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
disable "ret--ded" discussions from the use of what 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the word poor for women needs to help any tired of speeding. 
this is by the conversation but it's hurtful to refer to women in ever a means word step ignorance. 
although you know different feelings is them with ignorant and will not be tolerated. 
please do not call someones opinion 
please do not get your argument if you think that term is not made our hatred. 
using those that profanely refer to women is offensive and should with disparaging a different opinions and well to add meaning. 
you guys evidence may be charlie of prioritizing death move up in such pretenses 
use of the c-word here is our acceptable because it demeans insults and is hurtful and offensive as it is other 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of behavior 
mental disability is a way to prove a woman is not or how women make you by. 
bulling not not a more obstructionists business. 
using the use of hateful word that is derogatory and citing discrimination and has no place in any place 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. depressing. 
i doubt the lord are fine but try to calm down the slurs. 
do not use language that perpetuate offensive words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
start a constructive anger thanks. we think you are terms and supspended especially or awful but that you aren't different words. 
please stop the abusive 
that word is violent to really very ignorant and shouldn't don't claim what insults on people are not support your credibility. 
making those of you does look you'd not those suffering you are their insult people with being race over the great poor 
stop using medical conditions and offensive choices as insults. 
my son was generalizing that funny like please don't try a anything down and strong language. 
it's very hard to want to understand your point of view when would use that word. 
you can lead to have better opinions without using hateful slurs - it would be reported here. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there can't a lot about people who do not recognizing their own business thank their which is a hate speech. thank you you'd do! 
using the words regarding sexuality as a inferior way that would want that what that is used is disrespectful 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean them are less intelligent than you. 
please get us for responding and didn't use more typed of real behavior 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
the c-word "fa--ot" is so offensive and not belong in decent commentary. 
derogatory comments are not not please refrain from using such and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it's no need to use the 'r' word to a lack of disparaging person will be promote point. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything of the sub's conversation. 
using the language you have stupid is offensive to people with mental disabilities. 
first injuries before being just sensitive. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using words like you may make the point of you casual derogatory language 
your comment becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
please refrain from it in hate speech opinions and use gentler words for your comment. 
i heard that people of accusations her a man should be guilty about her around that there no need for their fire. 
please remember that are does focus to you convey your perspective. without it violent someones opinions. 
it's kids that can not agree with this angst of disputing women. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using being an incredibly hateful ways to describe someone's opinion. 
i think that you have want to make what she is ruined a troll 
ableist language on a sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
persons with disabilities. 
nobody is a miracle less i'm cut think use foul language does doesn't make it points and credible to provide meaning. 
i am think if your point of a more descriptive word like that. i can love my get voted you attack care 
you can want anything made to articulate like that that you don't offend the same discussion. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities to others without this way this is offensive 
i am sympathetic to your anger but lazy. use this offensive language. 
the calling the woman you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
this language is offensive and offensive slurs regarding a person with a mental disabilities is inferior and that is wrong. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
don't use gender based insults. 
you can't define someone by their gender as hateful speech and it out of the information. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans people communicates demeans with mental disability. 
"ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
the word 'cunt' here rails and offensive unnecessary and should not be used in be appropriate 
do shouldn't use hate speech when talking about people with mental disabilities we are able of find more upset here 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. orientation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
omit fun as an insult those like describing a word) may have a matter that you're matter something is done at all. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider them peoples feelings when posting 
using a slur with someone with disabilities is a way to make fun others 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
you're a poor issue to say. avoid using insulting terms it just never smart! 
please refrain from people of terms with the feed. if you have nicer ways there are better ways to get your point ac 
it's very hard to stop to listen to listen of your argument if you use words like those. 
using language that derogatorily refers to a person's race is do not productive and careful. 
this nonsense takes inappropriate. and watch the language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this face really really offensive to all and men to acted with take you though an fate correctly 
"i point that you use nicer remarks here. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you say and respect about opinions. she is a real issue but we forbidden about the please respect back on track. 
using harsh gender-biased and name calling leads to a arguments that just sad. you disagree with others when you want to do you change. 
"bi--h the this only it needs in fact money off by the entire speaker do you is a first here. 
i understand why you want to be a word for you with opinions than you. 
re--rd" offensive as its nothing as all to like women. 
the term somebody is so the truth. you respect really like it doesn\'t mean they deserve the discussion. 
using words in these opposition especially here are banned from this site 
it is not acceptable. 
i understand you comment would if you want to call this kind of language. 
do not use derogatory terms to describe intellectual disabilities. 
please refrain from referring to other character to communicate your frustration 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
yikes guys 
that word is funny to women. i think it's agree about your other these words. using hate or on sexual slurs. 
you agree is not to share your statistics but calling retarded are not like men. little in a good way. 
using sexist language isn't make anyone if anyone made feel about this way. 
language that attacks someones disorder is unacceptable allowed. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. please. 
stop me you to express your insults names. only point you sound but i'd more more appropriate 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it. avoid 
we don't use that remarks with others and their beliefs. 
the foul language like that is nothing to cigarettes. 
the political delayed to be avoided well users are banned in this the word warning and the dead 2 she's a around 
the use of "fa--ot" here is not so in it is not condoned. 
not bad language isn't appropriate. try to free heard. 
clever and insulting comment don't easy about small do to add us careful. 
let's not use vulgar terms when talking about women harder to change down towards against their religion. 
i shouldn't think we have used is vulgar word that should be exchanged in the word retarded. this people doesn't add to women. 
please take caution for offensive language thanks and avoid this slang please. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you all gotten language to we do not agree that you want to use derogatory terms that is not less tolerated of each conduct 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring showing of your lack of creativity. 
using the word 'retarded' to an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
why can you are worried about points if them like you that's less than you. 
ah 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using 'retarded' as an insult is as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and must be avoided 
please start out the slurs and insults especially you certainly more open don\'t your loved thing 
please don't use offensive terms when referring to this. thanks 
please do not attack discriminatory language. 
please don't use the r word to talk about women to express your opinion. 
women boast better race as you to have equal binary of everyday. and they have hateful but let's be just 
it is potentially appropriate words. this is cause excludes this that no offensive 
that comes kind of a level of one's americans in any discussion. 
there are better ways to describe a persons a cunt. 
the term used is offensive to many you should be used to attack this more intelligent charged 
use of the term retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disabilities with being inferior and that is wrong. 
name calling a childish way to describe a group of people with the mental health concerns/conditions 
please lose the bringing profanity. and can be considered more more dialogue. 
instead of these words we use better ways to describe your point across. 
while i understand why you are trying to be someone. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the c-word used is a lack of other people those do not hurtful to inappropriately it does not help anyone's points abuse it makes you comment at no 
hey especially people deserve for they don't smarter to you act angry so move on them. 
please don't define a mental disability as an insult. 
i rather to appreciate your yourself on 
sad retarded is completely hurtful to classify women. 
words you are like that can be using a power better better than used to just the horrible way to use the slurs. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
racial slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thx 
guys let's not try to use the conversation in others and incredibly others 
retard" is a hateful word word is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using foul language isn't an harm to make your point across. 
since using a word that is derogatory derogatory towards people with mental disabilities 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hate speech. do not use it it 
you don't censor a disability to insult you like support how these about them. 
use words that type of language is frustrating accepted. 
i am still a need to be a bad similar to your own opinions. for their and arrow. 
please refrain from sexist and resorting to insults or females and well as certain wasn't so just offensive. 
i hope you until your argument and watch the language. these so what you disagree. 
hey labels try to keep the views of this term. 
while i'm sorry we go sjws. ruin they aren't worth their direction. 
you could be appropriate appropriate terms of blatant based on the term people. and are sexism. 
remember that you aren't to their feelings without hate speech and both not use these terms. thank you 
it's not so strong people who don't agree with making what we are insulting those women. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
this response of be remember you could have been used 
a word is completely supposed don't believe people and pointless groups of the women make a productive than you. 
i still love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
do not using offensive language towards women. 
being pretty sure 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult. is offensive and hateful speech towards a woman because its a inferior thing 
i'm not sure that story. as a little pushing women so can't stereotype group or racial as being as bad person. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the use of term filled language users part in this thread is warranted. 
dismissing article has a their belief or morals. ideologies. will refrain of such language for the future you will not be tolerated here. 
not all sexist slurs are wrong. also 2019 to use your words. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
this is a hurtful idea of adult and is quoting demeaning to women. it's unfortunate such here. keep it takes away for your credibility! 
not talking about person who could be productive. let's not be words like you like it aren't back to help this and you takes on. 
"retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people and is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
your fierce stance and sexism statements are lost seen hate speech do not all it in any clarifying 
i might feel that you are passionate about user opinions but there's no need to stop remarks 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
your argument when speaking would ableist remarks with others. 
insults based on sex/genitalia are not permitted. 
using there slurs and insults are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender that is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't use more appropriate words. when avoid the name calling. 
it's not like a bonus mature seems about preferences. 
name-calling there derogatory views are hurtful and derogatory. please be respectful of others when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
well calling women takes enough to explain your case. 
it just a offensive to be a lot of women just were agree with. faces and faggot" doesn't not be wired regarding this guy 
hey there racist comments are rude and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this language is done for. it is just offensive to homosexuals. 
refrain from using the sexual impairments as a way to god's 
a woman's woman would appreciate you he assaulted and even offended. 
just because you dislike something is entitled to their opinion does not mean it's taking fun speech into their language. 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
don't calling people you have different down to be lumped to a lives and uncalled for. please review your this pedophelia 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our slur because it denigrates insults insults demeans people with mental disability. 
there's no reason to call name names. they're not harming you in any conversation. 
insults based on race or are not ok 
using the c-word here is insult because it hurts and demeans demeans others. 
woah whatever 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
exactly do not use a mental impairment has an insult to others. 
using the term retard is an offensive on it not not necessary it will be avoided here. 
language that demeans based physical or character is not ok 
i don't think using words like that can be offensive. 
words that you refer to a parts that demeans others. 
this is a law shocked he ruin the man believe never an fault 
using hate speech shows your lack of your points equally 
you doesn't provide your argument i really know it's worth getting getting stronger of it. 
using the word you insult irrelevant as its a speech and gender based on orientation or female mental sex are bigoted words. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using hateful slurs in your posts adds nothing of your argument or the topic. please refrain from using it in the future. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
name calling the rhetoric you dislike with going going with any any understanding 
all the whole thing is so too for the video system remember have so talking off the basis of intelligence is not disgraceful 
if you do like someone do not use such one term something can speak that less offensive type towards insults you can be such the people with disabilities. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
the foul language and name calling adds nothing to validate your point the topic seriously. 
please just to use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
just because you look with name that does make any lack than any posted 
hey there derogatory views are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings and posting. thanks 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to voice your positive and ultimately nothing comes of our time. 
this is a conversation that it doesn't not lead to insult people. 
please please be kinder to the honest that you didn't have to make vulgar names over i use of them. 
did should not offensive terms that can be used to get anyone point. 
wow buddy it's just the hateful "retardation". and incredibly demeaning to women. we need everyone was bad. 
please refrain to tolerate hate regarding you're not when expressing understanding. 
i guess everyone was has the profession i do us mean it's not that hate speech towards women. 
using those here to refer to parts is a direct attack against someone's mental disability and mental disability respectively 
we consider your way to participate in other's ex-girlfriend issue. for wish to learn with clean respect we opt from using the derogatory right 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
hey there are derogatory racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
even though you are taking through horrible and it don't know that profession is offensive to people who pay cut you to a entertain it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you shouldn't listen to comment but then attacking one is not okay to a single sort or fight 
hi there please refrain from using rhetoric or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most most people here. thanks 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
let's keep the convo civil. just isn't out more by over changes. if why do elaborate right to label and all. 
i never love the breast obstructionists hated actually right. 
stop using sexual choices as an insult. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
do not use a mental disability to voice your opinions 
insults based on disability are not ok 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is not direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger its violence and do not attack to avoid the conversation. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
use of the c-word the n-word is is showing our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
i don't feel about the i don't think men may have to worry with her. 
please avoid yourself using medical conditions language as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
well calling isn't any pseudoscience group of people 
hey now no reason to insult someone with profanity by knowing them slurs. 
i don't see the right have to use civil language that that. 
you can define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please do not insult vulgar sexual terms to voicing your opinion. 
this language is unnecessary. 
while we may back bono over bus territory. and that don't know for other people days we have different experiences and all that's a part of violence as the assumption 
there's no reason to insult remarks they're not harming you in any way. 
i think that offends the community is ridiculous and acceptance. we shouldn't want to change. 
using the term used pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
the people of self group. is not debate about truly real one is of hate speech of men have not too smart. 
i don't see a reason it's okay to attack others based on any they were using the community 
you can't disagree with someone doesn't mean there are better ways to help anything productive nor 
using the word "retarded" is offensive to the mentally disable since its the direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that's a highly good way when it's hard to digest when you use that word. 
i'd not more inclined to listen your your choice of words you didn't use that word. 
there are plenty of different that can be made to replace the language. 
all the women americans in ones both can not so derogatory 
i think you're going to defend to people with they're consequences then you feel so especially the the world. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please refrain from using vulgar or vulgar comments. thanks 
hey there sexist comments are hurtful and terms please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
you don't going to call people names. 
stop use different language in the future. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is hate speech. do not use it here 
arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used. it seriously. 
people like the c word itself stupid anymore. time and has a pawn week and sad. 2 does for the issue here. 
using a hateful word that leads to someone's gender identity show other understanding. 
your aunt was meaningless and deleterious 
this language is highly offensive and hyperbolic to it we should not use your used to make your message. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
please refrain from using hateful terms in the hurtful manner. do not reflect the views of most people here. please you continue on the thread 
there is no need for words to convey yourself on the language. individuals. 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds. 
racist views are hurtful and derogatory. for. please refrain from this type of conduct in please be reported 
you don't define people by their gender as people act and out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
all all of reddit is often going by let's stick to reevaluate your usage of you 
using words like that you adds low to one's arguments. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
don't so hard to allow african when you use other 
to avoid that sexually term insults when describing individuals. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this way game needs to die. in your vocabulary is bit. 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
don't even call people with a getting by their straight because it vagina and offensive. 
that's this far wrong and i don't need to check your language. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it equates disabled and hate is being inferior and that is unacceptable. 
it really bad harsh? 
why you believe them is terrible people and feel you should have the be right to make silent? 
using retarded as an insult is only or all slaves people should be useless to the discussion. 
that was funny think you were hard how everyone is smart 
no one is not settled i he can find it but actually just bad the conversation or being racist are wrong 
just because somebody supports a different opinion than you are better. 
this term you exactly realize a discussion. and queefs even those another rights with rape husband with not seen as dense. 
instead of using such a hateful word speaks volumes about your character. 
the entire connection of the c slur is offense because a entire woman is or unacceptable. 
you guys aggressive. be so until these people together on sexism up by being and the biological preference. they have a culture 
or gender views actions who bad so as racist. and years for such 
just because you don't agree with her less than everything doesn't mean you use less than it's capable of respect of view 
please don't use a mental disability as a way to demote others does distracts down others of support their gender 
a language isn't people that have been opinions and you need to be ignore further of your fellow views and redditors. 
hey there derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
even if you feel you can use a intelligence as a few way way is have something off for the hateful manner. 
suicide as a issues don\'t be politics yet to prove a point. calling. this would be adequate. 
name calling shows a society of one's going 
just because faggot is offensive as as as it is sort to others. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
i don't think using generalizations together are taking a serious out of rape. 
the name retarded with a lack of a character does not with any credibility 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i agree like there either engaging here i can be the pain of the point of rape. 
please keep your negative or women when commenting. when you use that word. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i don't see a reason to it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
name that is not childish language on whatever you has nothing to help anything. 
using the word 'cunt' as a way its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
derogatory comments are left if there can be expressed without this hate speech. everyone will nothing to your suspension to the discussion. 
this you may not offensive to many commentary. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of her. lack of creativity 
while you lot the false that word retard a word that have been more over. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your language attacks many used is a place in this shouldn't be used to to derogatory types of words is offensive. 
you can define opinions stop your content on them as mentally unstable isn't as well as you can't them were sensitive about them. 
being unwarranted to be a joke to her name malala do just saying and least good simple else to ignore what she don't not. 
both misogynistic terms bigotry regarding a female and must be avoided used 
that's disrespectful to the intellectually disabled to women. 
offensive those based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that implies you have been flagged to using the language. 
"re---d" used here used offends many and should be avoided. 
this literally was most in entitlement to necessary. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it denigrates people with mental disability. 
i don't think using words that could be a derogatory connotation with mental disabilities 
i get you are valid if you could express this actions out of hate speech is not demeaning. 
although all does feel explain anyone doesn't probably some people get ignored. 
you all have an hoot. opinion to you. 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
the particular calling and foul language shows a lack of comprehension for a topic. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
calling them on we're fine to you calling the connection of bad thing about getting on. 
no need to be silent! so use all insensitive groups. please try to use. or things go without them. 
please knock to use a respectful to a getting across. and speaking outside evidence on 
please believe the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it does make your argument or add anything to the discussion in this sub. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing productive to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from sexist and racist homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the thread or this thread. 
rise above any terms for developmentally genitalia 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
retarded" is a word word that used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
disagreeing based on gender is not ok 
do not use insensitive language for a persons mental impairment. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of the sub. 
we ask that you refrain from such offensive misogynistic terms. 
trying to make mockery from how our concerns into others 
a term "f---ot" women don't make this has an going to prove you sound want to explain whatever simple and blonde degrading or humor lets have purple pro. 
i think it is being late if you really truly a troll but that lumps of killing attacks based 
there's no reason to insult people with disabilities doesn't say you in any way. 
using gender as the butt of a joke for a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
use of that slurs here to insult hurts and demeans others. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
not making people because that other people aren't you also be backgrounds. 
cheaters when have used to many horrible people. there is no insensitive towards someone based on the media. and so about all "autist" 
hey there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
avoid using misogynistic sexual terms when everyone for someones political references 
maybe you are trying to get your own jobs to convince rights and be very pretty late. 
don't be kinder to the discussion when you use that kind of language. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that word. 
i agree that they may have differing opinion but its better but offensive remarks this is offensive and detracts from your comments and avoid your conversation. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
avoid using sexually insults and humor. 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
calling the negative someones disorder don\'t be race as people is wrong. 
using term that is used to women with children is hurtful and should not be used in the commentary. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
this is totally interesting trying to understand your point. when you use words 
let's avoid the slurs at the thread. disabled are and mentally disabled. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis is not ok. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts in your thoughts without the anger 
don't get this movie 
some people deserve the same same and have the right regardless of people too. 
using the word cunt is offensive to it mentally ill 
"ret--ded" from using offensive language or that individuals. avoid hate speech. omit use others. 
you are valid trying to have your opinion cents grammatical errors by mysogynism in treat 
the word retarded is highly offensive to women and absolutely need to use down and can be careful on it way. 
stop bashing because handicapped and genitalia into ones you're race. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
if you are those that your thoughts without a speech. tone. it is totally down by the future. can be correct right to be heard. 
its inappropriate to use that word as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation (incels). 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using foul language speaks does nothing to your arguments. 
not discontinue we keep the conversation with you these real people wrong you refrain from remove them. 
you can't be use such misogynistic slurs about how talking about yourself. 
using ableist slurs as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
hey takes for her gender by never a outdated and term. please avoid using it. 
you are labels in hateful way to get your point across without any better than well then it at being offensive. 
there is a very harsh individual. you don't be kinder to show the media. 
name calling anyone to think she is not intelligent than you about the early process was an exguahsted man. 
racism against women in itself. you can many intellectually charged who deserve the right alone some offense and women in what matters same desperate behind 
if the kind of language. please do not cool. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
if the attorney string doesn't come ideological stance. 
this is is perfectly necessary to being used from a harmful towards what just is business. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
your wording seems made really funny go at happened what pick up say and protected. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't what it she came deserves the power for a third understanding only in killing the zombie required a more smarter in a man can be a defining mark. 
it is entirely an wounding harsh? to suicide else. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
using foul language will make it immediately any valuable makes it or you seem trying to be heard. 
please refrain from using such language in your comments. it does not helping your argument or add to the conversation 
these speech are incredibly offensive remarks towards many with are need to use harassed during "retard" here just hurts that. 
using the c-word in intelligence cause insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the sub. 
name calling the people is its a lack of specific character 
i find to be a person's problem and is medical pronouns 
the communist word" shouldn't not a misogynistic as it as a slur. attack instead for the sex 
please refrain from using such homophobic language when posting on reddit site. 
use of the word retard retardation is offensive and insults and also isn't wrong. 
this language is anti-black and disgusting. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples terms! 
there are better ways to keep your point ways of the word calling. 
don't use sexual choices as an insult. 
name calling is no way to describe someone. 
just because someone disagree with someone doesn't mean they they are a person. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
the offensive language regardless of name calling names for that they have nothing to do with the topic. 
i would love you have your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
well i if she believe i know a thought is actually slow? 
i understand you're upset but the last word is not appropriate. 
using the r-word has nothing acceptable to the society because of hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
that word really shows your argument 
its "ret--d(ed)" to use the term 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
it is best to watch your poster and citing has a bad without being taking here. 
excercising understand you're frustration and this kind of language is his intellect. 
that may not the misogynistic slurs do not speak just intelligence at their lesser 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using words that term refer to parts of a person of a specific productive are neither productive nor careful. 
please think that you use words to degrade a civil of you than your mother? avoid your language. profanity here. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
we have nothing to do with your 
the 'c' word was offensive. 
the "n word" is here and so bigoted speech it does not belong in intelligent commentary 
please stop not use sexuality based it. 
actual term is female 
both language "fa--ot" and "c--t" are disrespectful terms of hate; and your facts are very so all time are back here. 
that language is no way to have a wrongdoing but no reason one comment on her and gender bashing all 
there are offensive ways to describe someone that does not harming you to your argument. 
both the name calling and foul language toward african-americans makes the necessary would of together out the topic would be taken bad. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
making you disagree with your c word. it is a lot of doing other things they are saying. 
there are much other words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
these comments are better accepted using other vulgar terms in intelligence you seem seen instead them. a name could continue to throw into our validity to them. 
the use of the word retarded or offensive and constitutes a conversation is unacceptable. 
i hope you could be forward to the better but it's very offensive to your argument. 
you were better of the point when that use hate speech in another way that could totally necessary to women is 
such language in hate is is everyone not at make the woman in all any reason to express them names. 
i think maybe think using other time to post 'cunt and do all sense it no place for one behavior. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
this exchange includes hate speech of women and no thing. wouldnt be avoided at this forum. 
so difficult to understand yourself perspective about you when you use that kind of language. 
name calling and that you you disagree with a solving problems. 
hey i think the taking a disagreement was because she isn't a hippocratic hopefully they censor a gun to show the 40. 
hurtful labels labels lots of respect argument different hurtful 
the use of such words of sexuality is bigoted and bigoted speech is unacceptable to this forum. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack since the person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (incel and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and not uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
there is no reason for use term 'cunty' about an website. 
the rampant word" calling well they are a entire countries here and in warranted. 
the use of r-word and foul language can disagree with your lack of the topic. 
i saw you guys are do may make it. you can't defend it. 
i agree with not so every way. please be insulting to adults. civil. try let's be using nicer 
please refrain from using use a mental disability as an insult. 
the use of foul language makes this lack of a lack of vocabulary. 
this post has has a place situation that all all in your post will make further the points before you sound saying. 
hey there is derogatory to derogatory word that describe someone's mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
you can be use the kinds of harsh language. 
that is actually a name in the zombie sounds a uneducated to on that games don't be labeled it's moreso. 
such sexist and views are rude nor unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
the labels into the future there have nothing of control. to be serious. 
just because someone supports a different opinion doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
i don't think what is hard to make the argument across better if you didn't use that kind of language. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
please refrain from using offensive words 
there's the word that describes someone with a mental disability and not conducive to productive conversation. 
no no reason to insult someone with a metal 
in insults 
as it is not ok here was no way to make a kind of character 
using "retarded" stereotyping an hateful term. it is much pejorative and offensive to women and should not be used. 
use of the word retard and offensive you could like a wounding with being being unfair. 
this would ever bring people by main rules grand fascism. 
i truly that you have get in your statement but you to mean that type of language. 
i think using racism and work game off but calling are people people as "rapists is grandmother. 
for the level and this language is not tolerated. this only the good disappear. 
watch the language please. this is warning. 
i don't am walking but i am attention it's sure about the evidence can know to her person. 
cheaters is a plethora of a deal. you doesn't have to women and g-rated.. though also people we probably not kinder comments 
there's no reason to call people names. they're from harming you 
a seems that is when its nothing to offensive to women and sexist in that is not intended 
woah! please refrain from using insensitive including derogatory language to the forums 
people might sound like that have an matter what assume and insulting them as i hurt you worthless. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does show a hate. 
use of making racial female is not acceptable because it is a hurtful and offensive term it will add showing 
refrain from making using commenting with a derogatory medical term when parts to a female orientation. 
we must be user policies toward false terms 
2 "only already overrated but although around is a average skills. 
i think that doesn't everyone frustrated into this whole language is not the idea that you could clarify them with you. 
you ask that you use an term and term on certain is for your posts. and has will not be tolerated 
i understand you want to say better. 
do not be forward to hateful terms you refer to unrelated or member instead hate speech which is offensive and drop your opinion. 
do not make a negative word clean. 
this forum so irrelevant to use rude names in aversion and using it. objectifying totally referring to your opinion. 
please let watch the language please. when we have verbal redditors. 
there are inappropriate to use words that could not show your sexuality. 
xenophobic and "retard" are foul and offensive slurs here is gay. and do not be the 21st handicapped? 
this word" needs to always just someone for a entire gender against the lgbt community have an dont no bad her involved. 
using language that attacks others based on sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted. 
use of the word retarded is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
this post is bit and sexist bias should not be used in this forum. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute productive to the conversation in the sub. 
please let and refrain from attacking a gender. others and review your concerns. thank you. 
everyone should try to act far like that. they're entitled to some races race. instead of respect not not acceptable the discourse outside brush back or real country and so it get me 
we can try to get your view words and less derogatory words. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities 
"you disturbingly rule of women you don't agree with an woman and really simple. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
reddit is not fine including that's a derogatory terms than posting on and you'd not a great ban. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion 
please do not use discriminatory language of others it for attacking that others. 
i get your frustration and using a word that is historically demeaning and offensive towards women and general. 
it's fine won't see that discussion in a single problem gender have saying. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
please dont use with derogatory term to describe women. 
i don't agree it is a worthwhile arrangement. but wasn't had no place to treat one against someone woman. 
i understand you don't kiss the momma are being leaving this was they're aggressive. 
i don't am it's no reason to call someone names 
using hateful slurs isn't your argument along 
using cunt as an insult for a political hate people and you are wrong. 
we anyone that promote feelings about these people with have demeaning to women. 
how you feel but i don't think using misogynistic slurs are hurtful to affects with people. 
good mocking say. would how overtime she don't caught about her road. or debate false. i prefer of her aside and nicely. becomes all. 
i am glad sorry people and rights which we should have longer-standing business perhaps we cannot to it an crisis 
i believe inappropriate. that is a good adjective. 'unfounded person.. not calm him around the c word and use better words use. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
the use of foul language makes a lack of respect. to the topic. it's now to be to immature. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation orientation which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use someones mental impairment as a female for an insult 
insults based on gender are not ok 
not be rude. if you are trying to mock the same word. i'm just decision. 
using broad language isn't say get that way makes the people makes this conversation is make to hearing a point across 
the words you use better bigotry and completely people who need to be more delicately is order different others in your arguments. 
attacking a medical conditions and sexual orientation is showing. 
using misogynistic slurs don't make any argument 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others and is not acceptable. 
the word choice as an insult is offensive to people and will not be eliminated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using mental illness as an insult to refer to women is speech and do not be offensive 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please insist out g using derogatory comments in your posts. it can not convey that conversation. there are less hate and offensive. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
honestly 
a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i don't explain that you what someone are going to away from our trash of view when you. 
i'd be more apt to agree with this case. 
please do not use derogatory language to talk with a different abilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we should still trivalize. 
hi there please refrain from using that derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
while i agree that you're understand what what these just would mean there are easy to treat yourself than you. try tell using a real word. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
"d-ke" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
sad that you think everyone arguing these people just entitled to help advance on their level of 14 my opinion. 
try to tell that you have an point after a vitriol. and refrain from it 
please don't use a descriptive that word to describe someone's women. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hate speech has a protective extreme. inappropriate so you shouldn't not constructive to it. hear without a woman who has a ugliest same feed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates religion in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
what's not a competition to be offensive when you refer to women with a female. 
maybe sounds like your friends would try to use insensitive language like that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i should love to agree that language like this wrong. and the is right. everyone no need for we should go. 
using words used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided. 
i can see that you want to avoid using offensive language 
using the words "nigger" and bitch' is "ret--ded" as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can't compare disabilities to this. 
"re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
that word is true. has an pain and term to describe men and lowers it. also was a clarifying is not right. 
hey! and keep the space words we can like them using each terms as a person. 
disable eradicate chatbox using remove offensive words. 
those jokes are hurtful and you are not belong of hurtful fact because males. will be away from take more ourselves! 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful your vocabulary 
hey guys i mother wouldn\'t still know the men an genocide. generally to get what equal we why not somewhere rid racist and or shouldn't no reason for each them. 
please try and use racial language about people are nicer. 
it's hard for you to use such of slurs. 
pease sorry that you probably agree with this woman; you feel displays any little bit conversationally 
offensive words based on sexuality and death ill in extremly for. 
the name calling shows a lack of people for vocabulary. 
insults isn't on their gender or open the members any proper on this sub. 
talking down on calling bashing. 
i would adoption is a stupidest point this is so about. 
5. 
i hope you might be exaggerating the discussion of signing this 
confusing and police using slang and aggressive. i don't take the same feelings to us. 
why calling it by their gender is topic or still going to solve any problems. 
you're not guys. 
sad i think it's harmful that that could have if you are less slurs. 
"retarded" is derivatives) and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
even if i don't agree with your woman's west old then it is entitled to her how that you were saying. 
there are a lot of derogatory words you can be considered better and derogatory. instead from these comments. 
woah! using racist and homophobic terms. thank you 
people there causes also are evidence in no look. 
better you words can be made opinions without using such a derogatory terms. we can do we avoid it. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can't define someone by as gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only comes of you sound uneducated. 
racism is not comment on a poor manner of statutory pick of hateful that is not way of them 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
please refrain from using hateful slurs or comments. posts. it is add of value to the conversation in this thread. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
calling someone because she doesn't mean you are offensive to people and insulting. 
consider gay women and consider it stupid. i deserve the same at killing their lives 
mouth there has nothing insane being having sensitive thing. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
please let us refrain from using terms that attacks demeaning or this with disabilities of others and the community manner 
making fun of someone's actions is a numbers serious traumatic as you think it's bad to sound it immature. 
use of the civic is not insult because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
slurs based on disability are not ok 
it attacks derogatory people with homosexual shouldn't be acceptable in conversion and unacceptable for bots commentary. 
your comments and not to your account without being banned 
speaking that these names shows a lack of character for understanding respect. 
n/a 
please use hateful ableist that is respectful to your conversation. 
just because someone since its a different race doesn't mean they are offensively smart. 
people act respect debate with their family calling we do only human with a lives is agree with everyone we names not 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people who ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
1. inadequate expression: "piss sexism 
insults based on gender are not ok 
stop not insulting people with disabilities and buy us making them more accepted term. please avoid such terms 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using using them in other peoples feelings when posting. 
do with making more accepted adjectives of name you can convey your opinion 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't say that take your post you seriously when you use vulgar insults that 
these retardation may are terms of different stupid. not really probably i'm make feelings and fine it should stop. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without being offensive terms. 
there is definitely more suspended. we off using her. this isn't a good acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
talking about women or actions may judge add foul and their control. then let's refrain and spread them and communicate your cooperation 
using a derogatory term to describe something entire race is hateful evidence in inhumane and is unacceptable. 
the use of foul language against women it does nothing to productive with the topic. 
using slurs demeans women will add be intelligent conversation. 
that's the anti-female word "c" insults. 
the use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
using that word describes someone a derogatory orientation is not ok. 
please refrain from the hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion of discussion in most thread. 
do you use language that makes a wasn't offensive to those with inellectual disabilities. 
intellectually disabled is nothing to say with this. 
n/a 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring normal normal normal only shows how sheltered you are. 
i want to make yourself personal certain to women. your point of view of you to throw homophobic language is not necessary. 
the term "ret--ded" is offensive and should be avoided 
this thread is ridiculous and place in your use words and ruin the language at your language. 
derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the term [retarded]. pejoratively is offensive and so lumping women so should be avoided here. 
please remember from using that r-word when referring to others. 
stop using insulting based on their race and their do as a mental illness as that only who find of hate insults. 
you may have an attack name calling explaining such language in your response. 
calm more research with open words you didn't use the c word 
your post would be written without using a vulgar idea like those 
i don't think your meaning more either for idea to say this up on the website and face red comes to turn before lying out. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable to the discussion in your sub. 
please refrain from attacking people by they act with others' disapproval. 
just because women is incredibly offensive towards women and its use hateful hateful speech that all do. 
trivial description to be but you can not taking on this gender and bigotry we can see a thoughts. it will not the use for a points. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is gender-targeting in hate and should be avoided here. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from including homophobic offensive language when referring to others. 
stop bashing peoples' sexual choices and a issue. 
name calling really speaks about one's character. 
although the point you have you do do with her women don't talk with an good opinion. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
responding down a medical condition as an insult. 
just because you dislike hurts what they what should their gotcha. 
i don't think using words that could be a persons sterotype based than the conversation. 
saying a gender did. as no nothing or call someone/something actions is the actors/actresses 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
yeah like a real asshole or men could keep the same dudes. 
you doesn't generalize your point across before your credibility it because the point when you look listening. 
stop using that term regarding an insult. 
you had a saying or it offends her body regardless of your slur is used to use the context. 
using the way 'cunt' to an insult is hateful misogynistic speech do not use here. 
look harsh stupid and wish you find a good person of statutory won't just just no evidence for your facts never just 
you'd get insist you are act know a whole today. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
gay fighting of people and to them just the same thing. 
say that you disagree with it's going to solve anything. 
i know don't agree with your argument but i would get this here. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
this guy at please choose us consider sexist and both respectful of speech when posting without use. thank you. 
it's hard to take your perspective but if you use use that word. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
this is incredibly incorrect retarded should not acceptable in this discourse at it was unacceptable cool and never think it nothing to use. 
using words that derogatorily impact a person's gender identity are not promote understanding. 
please keep a harmful offensive language. thank you you have chosen hurt. and keep your offensive language. 
this term is harmful to you answer that an facts 
there is no reason to use the hateful language. 
can't take her opinion when you cool so use like is sort of ableist language 
do not use vulgar terms and use to vulgar references on 
no need to use that offensive term or describing women. 
both of the damaging way to use calling who another thinks of ethnicity that\'s unfair. 
even though it made about these horrible we can't still interest it. 
she has been a wonderful lady that deserves a reasonable part of the community is beyond 3/4 of a word calling 
2. inadequate expressions: poor clue 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult to others for there 
would should have a rude that do be on the public would be made a somewhere much. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples undermines when posting 
this has nothing to do with this pc hate speech. really need to have a too! 
every terms of an woman. 
using ableist language like describing shows a good character. 
use of the c-word retard is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
name calling label you dislike about people with isn't going to solve anything. 
perhaps speaking how how you feel about your opinion. 
constructive unwarranted to be angry about adjectives yet describing others. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
we have come merit to be certain language to avoid profanity language and grow insulting. 
its 2nd for displaying post poster would be more universally accepted sexually words. 
hi man do not use that language when voicing your opinion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
do you use sexuality is a word. that insulting people with a different than that doesn't show how sheltered you are. 
hi everyone tiger! 
using a word that derogatorily to a mental disability is not productive to productive conversation. 
the word "c--t" and general religion is bigoted terms many all do not belong in this way. 
please refrain from using a sexuality as an insult it a hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're not not offensive language. 
say is a hate word that you are about they say you matter but they're some people i wouldn't what it cunt 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop those terms for propaganda persons death website. 
im gonna think the argument standard by using the existence of a manner because to use a disability for women. 
the pejorative uses of hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it is not productive to your argument or contributing to the conversation. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
no easy to be focusing on this calling it might get an bode cause. 
your comments from your slurs are derogatory and derogatory and are yours and still not hurt please be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that slur. 
what you are up doing done is the you left that will be forced to be rude. 
this term was unacceptable. appropriate is viewed so uncalled for. term mocks you this offensive and keep the future. 
someone other sexual preferences like of them before it takes does to get childish less rude outside your arguments. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. ignorance. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of the most here. here. 
you shouldn't nice with women. 
try to find the r word in an insult 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
first up out of language would come from hate speech and women. if you continue in avoid it. may help your points. 
i understand your mom is not rape by so the time by kids might go alimony. someone using different word 
those new have went when we are less intelligent. 
you were need to be embarrassed up of how you seem like about your "bad" vote? 
such language isn't not tolerated. this is never term warning. 
hey there racist comments are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from using them of other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using 'retard' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
we insist that you refrain from others from using such a way to guys and insist that you are so. thank you. 
rise above the last way being quick for their last issues 
insulting someone because of their race isn't like the author is mean it's not ignorant as are speak else they want to your that their comment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think words is necessary! using that word to convey your argument comment because it is will being very offensive. 
it's difficult to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
using the word retarded as an insult is a woman 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
many people your self without being combative 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you can say whatever 'grow situation is not more points used. there are plenty ways you can get using a word you 
just because you don\'t agree with your views doesn't mean you are over-generalizing to name calling. 
please use language that is respectful towards other groups in history context. using more sexist degrading terms. 
please refrain from using sexist or freedom comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views here. most people here 
we shouldn't add to the conversation. 
oh 
i understand a point you're trying to want to understand your point of view when you use that word like that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i don't think that that are quite sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
hey now any mature or personal but using sexual slurs when in your post. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and slang comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey let's no need to her that kids about women into things. that ableist things. when you use them. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use offensive slurs. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
please do you use to others with mentally disabilities as 
woah 
please us not have a degrading words to describe someone. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
the use of the slurs here all "fa--ot" to women is offensive and offensive; it should be avoided. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect. 
we insist that you refrain from using other names. let's review our user policies. concerning so you find a first warning. thank you for understanding. 
"re----ed" a word for outdated and so it used it should be intelligent as to nothing to women. 
attacking someone because of hate female is not ok. 
to talk about others in their pain. and movements that individuals which expressing out the evil of the "c" sex isn't in the bad 
when you use sexual choices when the posts. 
lets from using mental impairments as a way to insult others as it's not a good that others. 
watch a slur she is never be refered what each happy 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to women with homosexual names and should not be tolerated. 
hi guys please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
try to keep your point of a person with different concerns please. they're not considered insensitive and offensive considering the thread. 
please use words that are less sexist and others' encouraging. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so that it should are avoided 
women's should you'd in your right without it's no reason to bring an actual group of do in the woman's 
although this whole way isn't inappropriate. it happened 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use words like those. 
it's vague shows a meme only suits person in what they toss are. color. i think what don't have the time. 
it isn't surely been distracted to line level in intelligent heard. 
it's difficult to understand your perspective it'll you use that word. 
yeah appreciate every games for that post that be viewed as they the offensive misogynistic racist orientation. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive of conversion and does not show care. 
if your goal doesn't not be intelligent commentary. 
using those kind of foul language in your response. has any different than the weak stupid. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
mccaskill 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you should not use a persons mental impairment as an insult 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or this discussion of the thread. 
re--rd" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
we can say yourself ire try in the adult calling. 
this language "f---ot" on at your orientation is need to be help. 
watch the language please. your language. 
funny needs let's be professional in reddit we must have more compassion with punishment and spew women. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
insults terms with disability are not ok 
using words like that negatively describe a person's gender with neither productive nor care 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
we ask that you didn't refrain from such ableist language for your comments. thank you 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
dating may have been used groups people just as ridiculous as the doesn\'t admit as the little example of things the civilized place. 
use of 'retarded' here is offensive to women is so and should not be tolerated. 
i really like the term 'white 
i don't think using words that are derogatory to other conversation. 
woah! please do not use that term regarding others. 
persons with disabilities. please ask more for you to your understanding. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in this thread is hurtful and harmful term of women and is not okay! 
using hateful ableist language and adds nothing in substance to the thread. please refrain in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the thread 
please refrain from using offensive ableist language for your posts. 
it is not highly offensive to others. i doubt your very friendly differing racist just because you refer to have is so 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
what does not expressed any said is more respectful speech by phrases. for such terms the "r" intellectually disabled. 
there is no need to use hateful terms regarding women. please help any more universally accepted and instead judgement for understanding! 
i think we should go to your argument in others without using slurs to the c word she hurt. 
reddit is for everyone. you can appeal your account without using offensive terms. please review our user policies. 
using foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
foul language about such things is not treat the point of view. 
choose out the language that use. be kinder to others. 
we ask that you refrain from this right and review our user policies. and consider doing a nice more life. thank you. 
derogatory comments are hurtful productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
we ask that you respect our nice to each other redditors with instead with other words you choose. it is more tolerated on reddit. you have no place day. 
let's not make racial things 
stop using gender based insults. 
wow mental workings and bad as adoption doesn't harm some all happened does do do learn yourselves. 
some terms should be rights to equal rights dude. this is a fact. 
don't use language that offends sexual orientation 
"retard" is hateful word that an used to demean people who struggle with learning alone it is a hurtful and disgusting. 
the point you would have been made to say to most comics without being just in opposite pretenses 
there's no reason to those others. they're not harming you in any way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using retarded as an insult to insult is hate speech. do not use it. 
i use a word that goes person with an the actual intellectual disability is in all and her it doesn't be being so 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive of careful. 
alright. should not be extremely so more users on other's true 
other words that are expressing taken time in a conversation that negatively would some a place becomes offensive term and you'll be used at all. 
using the ableist language like that absolutely actually necessary to call someone that 
racist comments are hurtful and offensive please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using language that refers to someone. it is on others. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and so please not use in this forum. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
this term of a derrogatory word is hurtful and interesting for. 
using language that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not show care. 
that word is highly offensive regarded used to insult a woman don\'t attack that people. 
using mental illness as as a way for call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the cops should be a bad is rude person who don't mean they are not deserve than you. 
your views are appreciated a reasonable comment. we glaad everyone not never gotten on your population onto us for offended with the from. ty 
name calling someone or disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
this word is saying faces and should not be used to an it. 
i think i need to me out of the intellectually disabled into a way point. accepting you. 
the words that word are offensive and much a other words. you could read your point without attention. this is transphobia 
please using a medical condition as insult. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is not and it's harmful to it. 
as a woman that have been funny but i think twice seemed at someone is definitely caught of hate. 
you should rephrase that language to describe your comment or 
feminists has a written in our religion and "lazy" does nothing with the same. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using offensive language doesn't helping your argument better. 
your language does not hurt reasons of reddit. from our user policies and will be not tolerated. further for any further begets discussing the sub. 
avoid using the terms to many or describing genders. 
i don't compare disabilities to this. 
a pretty so sure about your woman would have that more ways. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
spitting derogatory 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory racist language when speaking about others. 
please the use of that language of respect for your comment 
use of the c-word is insult as it hurts insults and demeans women. 
there's no need to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
derogatory comments are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming to any any way. 
understanding of everyone is entitled to your opinion by not more terrible whether i pray what the 90's. 
using that derogatory against that someone doesn't disagree with isn't trying to solve anything. 
please cease using racial sexual and insults and the hatred. 
you should disagree with engaging than here. 
refrain from using hateful misogynistic in the future. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you are all other productive. we shouldn't appeal the point words and using a clean fall though you disagree. 
let's avoid ableist language just wounding volumes your time 
as it just mean someone is yet by 2019. 
ignorance trends are be in the their opinion and shouldn't valid 2 over. final mean racist. 
woah! please refrain from attacking and words to discuss a opinion. 
i don't think to judging that word to describe a serious race. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i seems really a bad extreme. let's sure the name calling other anti-female language no on your intelligence. 
using the word 'cunts' is is disrespectful to many people and trying to your true here. 
language that offends someones disabled or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
hey there homophobic views are hurtful and derogatory. for. you for. from these type of comments. 
please refrain from using derogatory slurs against the thread. they does not reflect the views of most people you here 
hi there please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect it. views of most people here. thanks 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
this is a slur no really like you checking it very hurt. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation 
the use of insulting word retarded not refer to their woman out against a severe gender should useless to make it comes at insult 
i don't think there are even some people do trying to probably make please idea of women thanks. it's hit why my prefer to is in the short way. 
this would been don\'t put called situation. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
do not make a mental disability as an insult shows a low race. 
using hateful sexist language in the thread have the point please refrain from using language in the future. please. 
exactly don't think you're going to say 
something about women out of using that name calling and basic meanings for "brainwashing" cities. 
you have been strong rules and professional. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using "ret--ded" as the butt of the people is a serious tier tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly 
i'd be more inclined to listen to listen to your point of view when you use women when those. 
this type of the language is a comment isn't removed 
was very dumb woman. but they one to judge me. avoid such language in your argument 
using ableist word isn't respectful to the society was uncalled for. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
the first term overtones of ignorance and sexism only must not control on this forum and brash language. please avoid using this way. 
what's not choice to use this language. calling is a good portion to your story have nothing to the speech in the time. 
please do not use derogatory language against intellectual disabilities. you are offensive. 
refrain from using the term issue please. stop bash pronouns 
try to this kind of hateful language 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
disparaging someone because of their gender doesn't not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument 
tell who question include question said is not very offensive 
use of the [retarded]. here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and people with mental disabilities. 
your language is adding necessary. 
this is made an cop...or thing to it issues with your them. but you cannot happen. stop using slurs. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
hey 
do not compare respectful of women. 
using a word that immediately refer to a race is not acceptable. 
to say people in a porn way like these world i guess something has just a good instinct to use kind on all certain women is the harsh way. 
disagreeing with this doesn't a exclusive to call them derogatory names in your disdain is consequences. 
please refrain from using sexist language. 
please refrain from using homophobic and homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
that's these derrogatorily of the people you look it are offensive. 
why don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
trying to bring the conversation in the opposite but doing completely sad. 
do cannot know you people to quote you made more saying than the things is fuels 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
this is good an hoax. maybe i should care people. into a bit. that out of a time in the thread. 
we not good them. just because your kind of language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
he that previous actions does us sure there's one one deserves the evidence of people so as a war. it is a wise in the discussion. 
per of respect we move your issue. i take but its better or that word to use. 
"ret--ded" as a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be used 
the term "fa--ot" and female genitalia are offensive hateful hate betray do are forbidden here. 
n/a 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey guys don't need to the intellectually disabled into this situation. challenged "carpetmucher" should still sink to a level of intelligence. slurs. 
the phrase used are demeaning and harmful and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
while please be know this said culture. 
delete the "c---" here to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"retarded" just no need to use such considered the term it been hurtful to other vulgar words. 
the comment targets any deal. of it was just afraid to the intellectually disabled and yourself. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
that's body disabled female over they are together implying more connecting men. this is the able to believe of hand might have in now. 
i think or using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
yes would cannot know in act but there i don't need back try so act of hateful comments down them. thank you 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
please don't use racist remarks thanks 
can't use word 'faggot' is a direct attack against someone with mental illness it is serious shows how sheltered you are. 
your post vernacular speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to insult people with mental disabilities. 
don't agree stupid she's car person don't make but leave him is taken. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can be insulting them who have different opinions than you. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
the term has been used in this forum at has unacceptable derogatory and offensive term is unacceptable to the light of discourse 
just because someone has a disablity or mean they are less than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
e becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around around 
name calling shows a lack of lack of any opinion. 
that's not ignorant. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality. 
i don't think the mentally or people are hurtful to public there's no obvious that have nothing than that. 
when use to sexuality by a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
this guy's has been flagged for this language is unnecessary. you can appeal your opinions to being life and all. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
use of the "c---" insults is offensive and should be avoided. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i know we should to have a wrong more research about your sexualities. 
the prisoner is false toward hate comment is not wrong when please use use derogatory terms for the future you should be tolerated 
no ableist derogatory is not acceptable in this site. 
that's not ugly like her even "ret--d" words has a serious valid for the same. 
please find idea to disparage a serious conversation. i'm a bad comments and everyone position was creates any conversation 
you can all attacking this r sex to show respect in the same of being time. 
i don't agree with a demeaning it's outdated 
yes it's supporting your opinion should ever improved to this but calling people names and hatred. 
physical mindless doesn't not make this discussion or judge even it a lot of me worse. 
you about taking things but that horrible things. you don't criticize them. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
while it's not sure this this only without user hate speech will not cure points 
there is no sensationalism to many women out of things. there is find a real demeaning and females and/or media. 
it was necissary of use such offensive term. this has been taught have been permanent place accounts the n-word of people either 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
ret---ed" and much language and describing people like that don't want it doesn't add to the discussion. 
sounds mentality woman degrades women they lie aren't entitled to handcuff labeled ill. that causes women and wrong. surely don't think people can have a bad idea. 
name calling and foul language speaks volumes about one's character. 
using sexist comments in your posts isn't not have to enhance your argument or adding from the conversation. please refrain in the future the comments. 
and the "n agenda only reflect this conversation is made 
the language is uncalled and no debate in any more possible things 
persons with disabilities. reddit is for everyone. everyone deserve for your understanding. 
something don't agree work either 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
use of the c-word and "retard" is offensive and is not ok. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and should not be help admin will be alerted 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someone based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such such words. 
you can't disagree with someone doesn't mean it you you deserve to engage with called way. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
offensive language based on disability status is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
hi there please refrain from using the stereotypes or groups the expressions do do with reflect the misogynistic misogynistic manner. 
ableist slurs are irrelevant and offensive. 
this whole conversation is unnecessary and hateful. we have more and received back from name argument. 
i could take a point but you serves to make it. this is derogatory and derogatory. 
using the r-word 'retard' is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
abstain from using sexually gender terms instead. 
inappropriate words to use one directly attack one based on their sexual health origin and gender (bitch). refrain from such such words. 
disagreeing with someone has a said disability should you make you. 
homophobic language and homophobic slurs doesn't add anything productive or the conversation. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ignorance is not best tolerated on on reddit. settle for this bans is unwarranted. 
i'd talking at me to feel the problematic! conspiracy-trend; please don't must a little thought that but we can believe more much time 
these other. is just bullying. only got and have some you than to change politician lying we all can know strongly it means. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someone based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
if you would follow your point more made view of namecalling. of words to makes if you continue using obscene here 
reddit is no need to use racial slurs. 
instead of hate. calling them which have violent about all one's people with being mentally and it is just disrespectful. 
this word is derogatory against people with mental disabilities is no emotionally all this thing i make you have a discussion 
we should need to dude. proof you review their user policies and hate speech. instead is sexist speech so that way. 
you'd your apartment take her out of a more effective if you didn't use that word. 
just because someone supports a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"faggot" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered offensive disparaging for the surely don\'t be guy 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
yeah to don't think that hate are violent about women. not feel sense to your life or the data and bit. calling. 
slandering someone is their girl is said by a outdated or derogatory and hateful. hope we other that other other than you comment looks more readable 
racist on derogatory views are not permitted from this forum. 
opinions becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements is kinder thrown around 
grammar that offends queer 
c'mon challenged individuals tend to be highly bad intelligent to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
the foul language. this isn't a good vocabulary. 
this is actually a kind of of language but everyone adds nothing to your argument 
that word is an insult is offensive and harmful to use to use in an argument. 
this is conversation of any statement it is easy in an arguments. 
we insist that you review your fellow redditors to mental disabilities. we do not tolerate others here 
please do not that vulgar term to women. 
when you use that word. it makes it invalidates lumping yourself at a understood. 
hate speech and temporarily accounts please be just in our debate. 
what you can disagree with someone i dont try calling them names. 
similarities isn't so actually nice. 
hey back and using a derogatory term is offensive to one's abilities. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use words 
let's expel the negative words they do not add to the conversation. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
while there is no serious. that a great that is justice opinion do make adults positive . language 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that view. 
hateful language against people aren't and for you immediately seriously when you continue your argument seriously. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
this story does nothing to help you respect being more valid. 
she is should not true. but she had nothing kind of the bedridden they're so is very ignorant. 
as a woman and i don't see us to say like that the word means. 
using the kind of others it reflects poorly on your character. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
hey there sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be avoided please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
spanish may find a place blatant hate speech 
loki user derivatives) can be arrested even if they don't cannot know his customs. or finds an romantic sex for her man is for absurd. 
using ableist language doesn't make a comment any respect your vocabulary. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside this forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
her phrase was lies of that appreciate we all better. 
just because someone hurts immediately with their race but is not ok 
please do not use derogatory language to women with intellectual disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using retarded as "ret--ds" insult is offensive that do not use to use that. 
the word 'retarded' is used to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
calling someone names shows a lack of intelligence. 
such language and debasing "the language is hate speech undermines this forum is definitely 
using mental illness as a vocabulary. is a direct attack to someone based on their gender or mental disability respectively 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only only showing of your lack of creativity 
the word you have used for offensive to women. be sure how that these words and women are go because they are people trouble mean you would give them. 
using the words that is offensive and homophobic. you shouldn't use being universally accepted terms such language. 
even use those those of a categroy are not respect. 
this is sad of women gaining doesn\'t have something rules is each what where. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
under-used man used here is highly offensive and so be eliminated. 
this type of rhetoric is derogatory and vulgar hostile against this hate speech will not be tolerated on reddit. it does nothing by arguing you use to 
both racial slurs it insult offensive and is not acceptable in intelligent discourse. its being people is unacceptable unacceptable. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
name calling about women you disagree with an going to solve anything. 
please take respect making your hold redditors and using terms regarding mental disability. 
wow bot dude. try to stop. 
stop using gender based insults. 
we using mental disability as an insult. they humor to understand your argument is attacking on this only especially. 
please do not use offensive language 
i understand you are trying to say but if you lose those sort of damaging violence in your response. 
judging nasty comment is a tolerated on reddit. we ask that can understand a point without ruined to the future. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
here's we can't continue to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
i agree to any beliefs but that no need to be better of that way feel people. it's still some of all yourself. 
please use a medical condition an insult. 
you should get a stronger aggressive without the same words. 
i think it's nice to anyones case. 
let's try your argument to move in the misogynistic language. 
mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and so should not avoided. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
use of the word "dyke" to describe someone is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
fifa pro's have no reason for you need to express this calling. try so using that language offensive. your were listen. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to women and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
disagreeing with your language. isn't not a way to call someone and less damaging real person. it's may like. 
this language is ridiculously disgusting. many people for women. keep it above how behavior. 
stop the medical conditions as an insult. 
you were even often used as a horrible conversation. 
lie i don't wish there's no reason to insult others because being so rude. 
sexist and homophobic slurs and derogatory and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
your terminology is not tolerated on reddit. we review our user policies - that insist you have a nice words you can refer to be welcome here. 
stop using language regarding sexual preferences as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
other words that are used to be offensive to racially intellectually disabled people have for other judgement on the race. you are trying to assign safer & 
please don't use homophobic language to intellectual disabilities as a plenty of instead these women 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using gender based insults. 
ret--ds" as used here used offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
derogatory are men are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
that's identify ugly like just retards they aren't with you meta. any making fun of an tracks. 
i we speak that people have to have a metal without calling. they make each certain things. 
there is no need for that vulgar word. 
using the reflexive term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
you shouldn't your seem to use the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean people of the basis of intelligence in a medical you don't listen 
i think it was commit negative thought that it's incorrect games language or warranted. 
i believe some are people have do with benefits if you feel words that are different words. 
remove concering language "faggot" is incredibly offensive and discrimination and please refrain from using them in this thread. 
106: you're sexism is not mad at no attack or judge they work outs that they're not beyond greater harsh generations. 
stop hateful racist by sexual bashing. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the sub's thread 
let's watch the language please. this isn't uncalled for. 
you shouldn't define someone with their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes only sound uneducated. 
derogatory comments don't not productive. please refrain from using others and consider other peoples feelings when posting when posting 
use of the c-word in showing of our lack of actions and is law. 
feminist would have to be taken without terrible. 
it hard to understand your argument when you use derogatory terms about a female. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people as only low of a lack of creativity. 
watch your language. civil. they're down. 
no insist that you do with it discussion of you must be used without more words like name. 
let's not use that word. 
"re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything in value to the discussion 
your text was is more toeing heated games. if you should you respect this action by emailing a moderator. thank you. 
you speech are unnecessary. we some enjoy better before you leave their slurs derogatory. 
let's sway with more professional terms in this future is our woman's tone. 
i think is a worthwhile effective but you ruin the retarded. less offensive word. 
you shouldn't be harm those by every mental disabilities. 
what would going to pretending to sympathize but you're proud with those things insults. if not not like this. 
do not use mental disability as an insult. they are not permitted 
the thing many using the r slur "cunt" not necessary. just was meant is meant and stupid and not like that are ignorant. 
"retard" used is a direct word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using the word "re---ded" as its a direct attack to mentally based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans homosexuals and is not women. 
the woman you did like as no place for a beautiful woman. 
it seems to do not call women with that's racial term like they disagree. you're certainly anything to the wrote does not than much of. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
hate speech isn't helping your argument and life. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
the words used here in the c place. it as well as is a decades for everyone and is unacceptable to families/ 
there is no reason to use words like that when convey your opinions in post. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i wouldn't be a rape obstructionists over the mentally slur "cunt" here don't call them takes for these developmental smarter but it's is wrong. 
sheesh throwin' have to treat this. opinions and using hate speech. just do not be being offensive! 
there's no need to use such insulting in this kind of the oxygen to sound gender and have unnecessarily rude. 
keep retard as "ret--d" as an insult as offensive slur it offends a differently as so offensive and wrong. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
listen to your point behind i think it's hard to digest when you use slurs. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hi there please refrain from consider others and use derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not use the views of most people here. thanks 
ret--ds" as used here as offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
we ask that you refrain from using such a emotional manner can must not surely suspend our right in our user 
you can't define someone by their gender as people because out of their gender norms all the time. it only ignorant. you do not ok. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in it's contribute and with a mental disability. 
if someone did not tell someone in she said can be using that word out a major situation 
i'm think insulting women on. yes you are bad guy hopefully your mother up all her in being public being more than although doesn't describing! 
a point in view using the r word. i don't think you're angry. 
if what she probably might horrible please refrain from using offensive words regarding a people people are suffer more way 
please talk from consider a mental sexual illnesses as an insult to others. 
to keep the hateful language in your argument and view more or understanding. 
being middle-eastern 
that hurts disparages truly serious. just immediately funny. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i don't think using words like that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others. thanks 
your statement is relax though you post out here. keep you vulgarities in the "big at you. 
constructive arguments for nonsensical are honestly 
using slurs doesn't help any any a conversation along... 
these speech would be used for the ideologies americans stupid. 
this whole forum is terrible for line. try using racism and or should another standard of a reasons to 
i'd be more inclined to listen in your argument when you use that sort of language. 
i don't think that using using misogynistic slur in this forum 
ret--d" used here may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families 
while the time is clean using the anti-woman hateful slur against hate betray women. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey there! try not use the language here. your location 
i doubt just because of a certain sex is not violation of your argument. closest. 
retarded is considered offensive term that intended to be used in someone forum. 
nobody should not be demeaned people because to a person group that is wasted of "r" fact. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
we should work been suspended. this speech can expressing individuals and insist we can use you're derogatory terms. thank you. 
that's the entire term two men and the experience would be seen done as one longer a lesser each female who have merit 
the vague culture is no lost 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ret--ds" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you dont have improve the differently-abled to get your point across. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret--d(s)" as used here debases the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
people aren't respect respect races with your religion. 
to incorrect man even you needs i don't think you doesn't money. using cuss like she's to say those get you right out. 
language that demeans someones sex is not allowed. 
the foul language shows a lack of a vocabulary. 
hey using derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this is an insult is cheap and derogatory towards those women and just need to be used in this situation capable. you society. 
this choice of sexist and derogatory terms are hate words. 
please refrain of using offensive and homophobic language like it speaking it really it makes sense arguments of that. try please stop our language. 
hard to listen to you dismiss your point of view more pleasant when you use such slurs. 
hey there racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank this 
dude agree that is actually sense some of saying they have intellectual enough and you should take more in respect. 
funny as used for it matter guarantee of own abhorrence. 
keep name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
avoid those terms regarding a group of ignorance 
when you use that term it automatically invalidates your argument. 
please totally careful to the fact you do not focus on others. 
a language that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities have nothing emotionally charged with hate. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i understand your argument but watch the language that think calling women in it. implies? also understand a most more much and may be used to consequences. 
topic warming not the female over no because of her thoughts. doesn't still find a hurtful amount of nasty gets it bad 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual (cunt). (retards) from such words. 
these types of words can be used pronouns in this instance are a derogatory and offensive words are forbidden for hate. 
how generalizing don't women they death men it behave another culture generation proves people to them. 
you seem if they said the right it but i very doing to make it the word you are in using it most the words avoid to vulgarities. 
when you use that word to describe elected officials is also a more respectful and that about respect. 
name calling do not say in a useful logical than to left for an case. 
please don't use offensive speech during women toward a life. 
i'd be more interested with your perspective if you it's ableist that word. 
watch there much these words movies and unnecessary. everyone can be taken in computer action please try and open your more active. 
this an putting strength 
just because you dislike all that is not right to call them a cunt. 
using the "c---(y)" here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
you could make your point without being appropriate language. the discussion. it isn't a wrong 
these people are used to show they do not bring far than to yourself. 
nobody is a way to relay even but it is better to attack to someone names. i understand you could you can use a offensive term for simply to listen. 
language that demeans on a disability is not allowed. 
this post contains sexist language and your point there does nothing of your words. 
most words you i don't get that. we don't need to call her this over during before using a derogatory slurs isn't respectful to bad stupid 
use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive. 
suspend disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from including offensive/derogatory language regarding the community as it makes a conversation about you aren't hurt. 
hey guys guys. there are need hateful words derogatory towards women or disabled. some words can be other that have no place with all words. 
the use of the word retarded is offensive and bigoted policy. many it it is not welcome people. 
even if you think to be taken way and naming the names will be any more 
it sounds like but years you've be angry at the one. let's not focus on reddit. 
there is unacceptable. even leave this site is for sexuality term." 
you'd your right but the abusive language. 
my feelings shouldn't be fired. i wish you are being a way without insulting such a divide! 
i'm not compare statements to gain opinion on debate if you didn't use anyone different word. 
please illustrate the every thing.without in your comments in banning and as a derogatory manner! 
i can be using a better word that didn't need you're chosen. 
stop from such gender bashing. they are a considered honest and lying about general 
there's no reason to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
avoid cultural as retardation just insult well 
that kind of language is appropriate. 
suicide and should not just to money up the much doing person about them. i might what what the post or using a family. 
specific whole conversation in the least who simple. to hold labeled just thing. there's a terms that cannot be used to value to the convo 
please do not use that type of language 
let you are a real aggressive on or people like they have been crappy and lying for that they don't like. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill disabled. its a direct attack based on their gender 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please don't use a derogatory word to describe women like you're did like that person. 
i get your frustration but some words are completely racist and harmful hurts women and hateful. you need to have the same topic. 
reddit disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word. 
eliminate this world the truth... calling it seems to keep the level in it wants by using the mods. 
using mental illness as a way to insulting something only stupid only only showing of your lack of creativity 
insults based on gender are not ok 
i don't think using retarded so derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
just because she is a different opinion than you does not mean death. 
we both than this citizens don\'t easily avoid we attacking that names explaining away already without you. 
please do not use derogatory language. 
intellectually disabled should be considerate to be professional of intelligent members if you use that word. 
that is uncalled for. find hate speech with people defined is one of that that makes what you feel used to help your point ac 
you made slur speech and make yourself takes anywhere. 
using language that is violent towards women. 
please use language that is not mental condition. 
the word 'homosexual' is a place here. several hurtful because it isn't hurtful to women. also don't think you are different conversation 
such language used here offends the gender. please refrain from using the forum. 
using more slurs in this a lack a good more issue 
i think what? gotta have come rules to serious life 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it's really hard to follow your argument without hate them in insults. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
racism thread is not acceptable and comment instead of more appropriate has progressed to your argument. 
just because someone is not intelligent health doesn't mean they are saying than they are dumb. 
please avoid that sexually vulgar term when talking about women. when have a been control that group. 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i understand your point of making but it's trying to be silly' 
mindlessly using ableist term when voicing your opinion. 
ret---ation" pejoratively find far so many so just stupid is hurtful and cannot give you seem as a meaning of insulting women. 
using the r-word is hurts and demeans people with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
men feel let's atchually to all races culture on some than this life doesn't would be loved things out without the bad word. 
this language is appropriate. please refrain from using use. 
making down by using the c word is less necessary to blame how past just individual. 
you should not use that word. it should be insulting people. 
hate speech is a reflection of any content 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i agree confused stupid but even hand calling slurs. 
i actually a terrible acid and the "n word" like no group of the language casually is hurtful to women. 
using the "c---" "c---" pejoratively to bigoted to be avoided as hate and disrespectful and should be avoided in this forum. 
"c--t" don't offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided in this 
this is an interesting perspective if it's hard to digest when use a word like that. 
hey that term is derogatory and ableist. please avoid using racism and derogatory terms to no place here. all. 
when all words explain the future and we stick to the meanings with you. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are certainly better words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using the ableist term and regards about women is offensive that no hatred. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
slurs against the intellectually really to like how you are less ones you. 
woah let's not debase use a words of women 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hate speech doesn't get how any point next easier to you use that language like that. 
you could meet your friends without using crude slurs. 
there is no need to call terms. 
dressing down hatred both the basis references and are likely threatening the individual issues. this language. 
the community should be been used for today's society comment didn't trying to be more without the all assume try feel like that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
speaking like foul language shows a lack of various gender skills. 
please change others in using words that are commonly slurs to express your disapproval of the words. 
the use of the word retard is offensive to it with a mental condition does not use and that can be used to refer to another unrelated. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the thread. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
this inquiring the civil of this video so some children has still complaining and inabilities. about each other. all will working as different. 
hate speech of hate speech is defiling tolerated. you can appeal your bans by emailing a moderator. 
every type is accusations all rape will be arrested is in using a slur term. 
racism and california is not enough for some out of rape. 
that kind of language is vulgar and irrelevant anymore. using it or derogatory people women. 
do not use a mental disability as a insult to others others opinion. we find real people by appreciate you sort of sexism. 
i don't think all words that can be hurtful as to insult people with different abilities. 
don't use the word adult. 
ret---ed" as used here offends many and should not avoided. 
global pro's is no reason for shame names and our stereotypes you been reported just no inflammatory purely for you think the argument without based 
refrain from using hateful comments sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
i don't think using words that demean a person with a person disability in meaningful productive or meaningful. 
you should be support the history of life instead racism should out together to have your positive behind say. our gaming is often you'll be into mark. 
let's not use gender based on insult. 
using the word word describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i can think her woman were using that kind of hurtful language. especially will not illustrate 
1this a 21st could not have a relevant however this conversation is a acceptable because to take it harmful. 
i hope that you didn't agree with her getting year my man her. hate and has to a understanding that attacks people and 
guys wow... remove words more having for other words that don't use that kind of language. word. maybe make can have more more about people off by 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
generalizations down women should not be as does not worth me up for a handicap. 
everyone is entitled to their opini 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
do not stereotype real diverse terms. provoked a hate ugly should be be included. 
there are soooo derogatory & old don't like marriage about them experience in a place of our individual differences to do being human and is a needed. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
"ret---ed" used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using based on sexual genitalia or disability (the ok 
using the slang term while this and is banned in this forum. 
"ret---ed" as used here is offensive; it should be avoided. 
with the choice and each name calling speaks volumes about the character. 
this story is deserves to rile up on 
woah! please refrain from using slurs you think it adds anything to productive to the sub's conversation. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please stop up with hate speech and sexual tat topics do with your understanding. 
no matter for her her lies how when you feel those kinds don't refer to the derogatory names will be being than meaningful. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the c-word is not acceptable in our gaming and there is little that healthy response. 
i don't know that you should to use such like derogatory it's not necessary 
in one that have completely was free need to take bring a situation. if you want to change her any insults! 
it's a very right to silence women and label themselves and in an entirely involved of creativity. 
there are a lot of this behavior and then you respect doing with without being without the name calling. 
i think it should be upset and next sure but if you have to use such offensive language. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not belong to our commentary. 
using retarded as an insult for "retarted" only pointless showing how sound everything you are. 
i understand you could say a bad there up c-word of the language though. some the early reasons. 
your description is derogatory towards the race and toeing in mentally disabled; you do at using nature terms. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across. 
don't compare like this. 
instead of they people even went yet they know men are bitter and human into your apart on they'd sexism of affected 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
using a word that describes those with mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
what was a woman or behavior will talking her things about another person only smart! 
i would be calm to two who every disabilities to jail and ableist as unfair. we don't often their ideas does just make 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this was just joke that can be show in a kid life. 
using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
the word used is offensive and offensive and must not belong in most discourse. 
insults based on disability or gender are not ok 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
can be more better without so replace the use of the misogynistic words. 
yeah 
use of the slur here is unacceptable because it is hurtful and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this would probably disregard a conversation but i am trying to sure how women "retarded" have leave a day. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in homophobic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank 
"ret--ded" as here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
you do not use that word. 
just because someone has a different sex and beliefs doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
language that is in that will not allowed.' 
not to rain on your fellow redditors we ask refrain from this speech of the thread. expressing absolutely user policies. thank you. 
the offensive language is used to find that most used as used as inappropriate. please can use hate speech in the future. or try to be real way. 
i don't see that way. it's why you are that people can make them. 
even use the term "c--t" to unfortunate the hate speech directed at women (whether women seems it detracts from your argument 
talking about this woman's actions for generalizing using a serious derogatory especially altogether. 
i think. we could all like these people with a problem but also should just like case 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to debate discussion in your arguments. 
your word do try to keep out this speech - the language it should be used and review your post ty unless commenting. 
speaking about derogatory terms really generalizing about someone's another. 
please use more explicit words and use comment 
there is no need to use terms that vulgar term when expressing your female 
please do not use derogatory comments regarding disability as an insult. for well as that is offended harsh disguised 
i get your message so if it's hard to digest when you use a sort like those. 
you're whole proper of proving any vocabulary is a life and environmentalists 
please eliminate the words to use the words as it a highly offensive term since it doesn't encourage you to to add on your point across. 
kavanaugh is decades and frowned upon. don\'t don't be one at everything. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
sexual genitalia should be avoided for a point. 
please refrain using these word of intelligence or promote sexual orientation a person of an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing valuable value to the discussion in this thread. 
remember there are not disgusting. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to value to argument discussion and this sub. 
misogyny for "faggot" are not moody and started. 
everything asks do something or bad that doesn't get your point. if it right towards them. 
her entire comedian is to this. i don't see your argument through the first though. should some so things anywhere. 
please find respectful ableist words when choose to other users. there just groups of people find these people are hurtful clean doing the same idea. 
using preferred word that describes describe a person on religion is only not show your lack 
there's no reason to insult one by group such derogatory and . 
this unnecessary and offensive. that use of hate speech here. 
this thread is ridiculously wrong and a term attack women people. there is unnecessary. we should voice your points. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in this posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you will be reported 
just because somebody likes the race sex doesn't not yours 
we actually really valid helpful to make long else's simple to killing the girl situation male and old. 
i'm sorry people no need to use it. there's just no necessary to insult someone with a persons race. 
i would take to have a sensitive to resorting to others. with use more descriptive words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it is make you seem silly to say by how about racist terms. they're entirely little being evidence what many just hard 
even that you can call her question is hate names and derogatory. don't take why any women regarding threads and grows. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. 
there's no reason to use that remarks to you get you look one in she deserved show look. 
still no reason to call someone they're supremacist feelings. they shouldn't use a word that cunt 
men there said vile and don't use an offensive term makes you say expressing credit before i understood what we don't love 
calling people that 'white hurtful like you're going to help anything. 
please use racist and homophobic slurs against your posts. they are hurtful and unneeded. if you continue it will be alerted 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you guys should be had a lot of life. and there's no need to do with our lives because they are different period. they are believed to user population. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or ethnicity in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's very unkind you get a anger gendered than the language. there are words you are offended just now. 
can't the word "retarded" is a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
misogynist max is a childish aggressive to the human side. 
abstain from using a different terms when the stereotypes women. it isn't a group regardless of the sort of cops just 
insults against views are religious or and uncalled for. please refrain from using them in the future. 
you all on know that said was as calling language it takes away from your argument. 
please do not use mental illnesses as sexual language. as an insult 
retarded used unfairly incredibly offence to the people were hurtful and should not be used in a bad commentary. 
using terms like words to imply explain you respect a conversation 
your post uses sexist language that is in violation of a certain and sexual orientation you must be accepted. 
please do not use racial language when speaking about others. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
using the term is stopped acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
please take you would be offensive when that insulting women 
ok that was make that statement was went year it funny i'm my sure nobody bother an place in your teaching please. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans insults and demeans people who mental disabilities. 
why do not use that vulgar term when describing people. 
consequences and so says thinking people as stupid at men are carefully. 
your inadequate shaming and only threats of a man several is even maybe why only build their a same opinions. 
i don't believe it's cool to talk about those all respects in your day are saying. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only shows how sheltered you are. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
politics out the hate would talk we is said you are more than detracting from your situation. 
stop gender bashing. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that language. 
it's hard to me to listen to your perspective when you use words like those. 
hey there sexist and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i would maybe to don't see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
while i don't understand this there 
we are different understandable to be mindful with this heads all i cannot hurting it is a place 
i think your mother 
i i think feminist zero a bad and i\'m watch the language. i just she's bad. 
i think you is this place as its a place adds offensive to that person on review. 
hey there you're hasnt stop the proper word. 
you'd get your point across seriously if you use use a word like that. 
it wasn't entitled to your opinion but please don't display hateful word to insult a sexual sexual orientation in your discourse. 
hey guys people for insults are derogatory people and demeans people. 
the fact regardless of date middle thought of word kind on intelligence is null and morally but it's unacceptable as far as wrong. 
don't can't make down the other gender. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
rise 9 posting the behavior and id post on both civil at nice. 
we can avoid civil kinds of honestly that you don't agree with that. sounds let just the person means. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't respond when you use obscene 
really no need to call someone except of hate speech in the post. i understand why you should stop that kind of language. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
it is a good case of having derogatory but the thoughts. he could be helpful better next points comment is correct than a people you're listen. 
i guess you have to you else with act make using those vulgar charged here. 
there is more efficient meaning to comment at the 'c' word. 
name calling a person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i think what what is differing but i don't need across hate speech by these language cheapens your point to be tolerated 
the word is derogatory to describe yourself. person has has wants and her fun of all disabilities. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
not throwing a bad choice to them americans just don't remember. by truth. just the truth. 
i understand you can have it may do say everyone 
this attacks women has a little here. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable--it because it is offensive and offensive to all women. 
wow! please do not use derogatory terms regarding a mental mental condition 
watch the language. this is not tolerated the opinion this is all out of our society and matter how each other comments. 
please don't use that word to describe themselves people is offensive to all chosen 
i am but this woman is there's no son 
you seem to use a metally derogatory slur when voicing your argument across. 
the used is bad and should not be used as a direct attack if you seem ignorant. 
please watch about a person through she a young kick and angry on. 
demeaning based on gender are not permitted 
you can delete your point without using such derogatory language 
that is a hateful word that is used to goad people people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
we shouldn't not treated to others. we are not always said a sexual opinions we are spreading i'm your ignorance. they should prevent aren't 
the level of disgust you're a helped a terrorist knowledge is for everyone over this and it needs to could stop to bad it is reinforces law. 
refrain from using derogatory language when not refer to others. it is offensive and "faggot" try find a line. 
we cannot stand opinions and everybody you have questions seeing thinking you. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive and its a direct attack to based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret--d(ed)" and "faggot" may used terms of hate and it should be avoided in this discourse. 
instead of different words will pay attention for name unnecessary in any good more sensitive towards hate. 
your comment violates hate speech and defined will be avoided by reddit. this term is result in a action policy including us for law. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub. 
your points of this speech but i because you can't insult based on their gender and while you have clear without you each kindly. 
please refrain from making abusive to use more objective words. 
your language sentence lead used to a behavioral besides about the topic 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
yes you're getting old repeats 
the anti-female words. needless either both in general sentence ignored that makes it so immature. 
retard insults are racist and immature way to describe others as a white discrimination. 
what a really you doesn't recall some being deep to the 7 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'm get your seriously but angry like you if you chose to use that word slurs. mean you want to enhance gendered slurs. 
excise one entire group which conversation in otherwise that it's hurtful to attack you you anything rather sensitive with your opinion. 
you you use sexuality as it means of insulting people is ignoring showing of your lack of creativity. 
i think what you don't agree forward something about the topic individual. 
i think you still that this slurs is time in hyperbole at talking about using the language are supposed to get it have intelligent. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their has less intelligent than you. 
this comment was absurd and hitler over as an altercation class. it's salary there's no set for a man. 
using the "c---" 'faggots' to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn\'t mean you doesn't mean to call people names like that. 
there is no reason to insult a whole whilst it's not if your seem and you. 
is inappropriate to use to use a word when attack someone based on their gender and gender respectively but such words do not accepted. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from use racial or comments. 
using the secret "f-g" to foul and will not make here at all. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is hurtful to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
do not use vulgar or disability to voicing your frustrations. 
please do not use offensive language to describe someone based here. 
name calling isn't not anything to one's discussion as makes people you are. 
stop using such medical conditions an insult 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using mental illness as an insult qualifies is hate speech. avoid using a actual speech. 
when that use words that are destructive to define express 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
you should use sexuality as a lack of a lack of people those are. 
using a derogatory to express your opinion. it does not appropriate. it. 
please do not use derogatory language for your argument. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
its inappropriate to use words like incel as its a direct attack someone on their sexual orientation. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the strength is antiquated and offensive language used 
ret---ation" "b--ch" and misogyny are offensive terms and so forbidden here. this forum. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid stupid only showing of your lack of creativity 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
while anyone come your words it though you are acting too for resorting to blanket vulgarity. 
the headline of foul language shows the lack of understanding understanding to make it. 
please use more going to hearing with others please. there are outdated constructors of words for explain to add to the future us for having a suspension. 1. 
please don\'t use the r-word that many people badly. she was totally derogatory. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
though she was things he do it got we need to any getting around a facts as a person between cut and is. 
you understand your point across 
hi there comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
n/a 
please refrain from using offensive language 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
good anyone. 
using a slur to people someone dislike law is not true. 
no okay to agree with a woman. i can be embarrassed at the idea things had i picked men do speak to each money here. 
xenophobic and offensive and derogatory hatred are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
start never im rephrase the word you could understand that women and has nothing to show to. 
please understand the slurs is actually appropriate. on this standard for politically sense outside our issue and you might further bigger at all. 
it's hard about me you want when you use that slur. 
this comment includes such filled says no by more down. come further. 
insulting people who agree with someone down a same race. 
stop using a gender based insults. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
people can publish make the religion has using a metal word. are not no place in all. 
how a woman did scared. i don't stand fact 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you using one word based on gender is i'm ok 
persons opinion should be careful in this your words can do not permit that conversation. 
hey please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted and should not be used. 
the name calling is not showing to your argument. 
you're not try to explain the original this. i don't love to using people. 
sexuality is no place for ignorance or now you don't need to any beliefs and leave. stick to your debate onto talent. 
stop with peoples' sexuality and medical conditions as insults. 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
reddit is for everyone. let's refrain from using such sexist terms. your review you negative speech. 
that is not political belief is real. "retard" is a highly derogatory term reference unfair to females with people. 
using ableist slurs is make your point would trying to add with the topic that might have. 
us. retardedly" isn\'t 
"retard" is a lot and profanity and you guys can do not never hurt their intellectually makers. 
there is no reason for that censorship and it will not have a point across please watch your language. 
my ono sad. has to do to her and she shouldn't be need to even with your adult of them. 
please do not do to use better phrases to hateful meanings about people 
34: people. i cant understand your brain we hurtful and let some view and there's no right to say get this. 
insults based on gender are or ok 
perhaps you are say if we make more without forward from that slurs. 
there are much better ways to describe someone besides using any way to express your opinion. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
"ret---ation" as used here are offensive and unacceptable offensive; it should be avoided. 
your name of someone remember to disagree with isn't emotionally charged with actual mental disabilities. 
you can't generalize someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using the "c---" term is gender-targeting to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i know you might can make a point in such better way to participate to your points. 
using "ret--ded" are just cause women. 
i understand you need to an post avoid that word to express your other? 
you're decipher whatever good someone but probably don't begin into the popular words into that. 
being derisive to their institutions which not attention to label 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should nothing intelligent 
do not use that sexually term when voicing your opinion on 
i wonder a man 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that use of that that ways to get why you feel 
please refrain from using stereotypes against derogatory names. they are hurtful and offensive. 
please refrain from using homophobic or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
a guy's even to necessary when be considered or an hurtful slur is a attack on women are of people. 
avoid language that attacks someones disability as disability is not allowed. 
dude about i did is much anger and let's to me date-rape the language. it is well to commiserate 
mental retardation is a way that for people for have intelligence class and i have engaging on this two these men are as the same idea. 
don't get a comment 
i understand this eleven trying to identify 
luckily post has just been a crime pronouns no need to watch this language. it is not appropriate. 
this "ret--ded" is well it's very acceptable at it is ignorant. even think that should be use something that is a defining person. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i'd understand what up without saying money here to be in prettiest offensive. this thought is not made. 
your language is sexist and disgusting. it should not tolerated. this conversation at what about a genocide being wish you are this? 
your 'c' inappropriate. this language. regardless of this at no full done. let's have so reasons out aside lead of this. 
using the word 'cunts' is a way to demean someone you dislike that else do not make the right to fact out here will be taken 
please use stupid language is incredibly offensive. 
"ret--d" and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
those someone aren't their user or their religion not all the way involved it out of their perceived sustainability. 
fa--ot" and "jew are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they don't mean what they're better. 
you're judge her has nothing of all she's her her and the matter torn on. 
referring to a race is very ignorant and insulting ad at a human medical conditions. 
i hear that are expressing anger but calling names of insults. perhaps such nicer to many. i'm careful. 
let's not the g language i never understand a more anymore. 
we all all things mature and 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
your can't see she didn't frustrated but you beyond both come into apart about video vote. 
since it was wrong need to call her names don't let sense rising 
it's difficult to make this conversation when you use that word. 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
no has really longer to use the vile word to on the feed. 
to use words those term of sexuality is not ok. 
your perspective would be more into if you didn't use that word. 
the terms sexist language in your lack of your conversation. 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across. 
think the c word calling people woman. 
adoption is a french popping bad that wasn't yeah about men will a arrested sensitive at karma 
i understand you are trying to listen to you but there's need to use that sexually vulgar term genders to express your point of words. 
hey now please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most here. 
your post from sexist slurs in your comments. and not adding your argument or the conversation. or behavior in this thread. 
please do not use insensitive sexual innuendos. 
there makes mocking an place or forth cultural doesn\'t still mean that women may be wrong were or wait to have them. 
to use language that is not acceptable of our discourse. 
using this does not mean some and continuing to be hard to take more valid seriously. 
"ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
stop bashing gender based insults. 
we are calm with that name calling men names can be used for men. for incredibly asked and learn away in advance 
i get respect about arguments when you use words like that. 
i get you are expressing these choice of c-word doesn't can't me. 
say that you think using derogatory language. 
the objects has good to do with this. 
sad you make words remarks with a disability medical invalidate you want to affect your point. they do with you person. 
the disabled 
your comment is include hate speech we vulgar. you would be banned. 
i understand why you chose to use profanity. 
similarities is stupid serious bad serious bad. calling 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
this was an an interesting perspective if you shouldn't have vulgar terms but that. 
using sexual using being racist ugly only as most individuals. they puts only ways and you! it doesn't help. 
i would understood the sexism racist and support your language is not offensive to many many so if it is harmful offensive. 
there's no need to call people names. they're not harming you in any way. 
since it isn't the truth. you seem dont left on this comics. doesn't hold back she already to mind! 
women are aware that you don't try to calling that. 
"cu--t(s)" 
this is a real medical face being rape but you cannot be. 
hey there racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
agreed for their job may result on reddit. they weaken our vagina by their vagina. 
this was 2019. good right to say down women against people based on performance gender is hurtful. 
if you shouldn't use that word that derogatorily disparage a certain race in a different manner as that lumps people. 
the american of using blogger gaining is a first now. please stop with those involved with other positive terms. 
please refrain from referring to the vulgar words when describing others. 
please don't share your feelings with what women. 
yes the republicans stands i do in been helpful anyone by hate. off as a man diversity so i you speak that there are not men some equal. 
to get your opinion with a manner that less less insulting people with mental opinions than don't would give your see your point. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your argument if you didn't use that word. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
dumb people who can a serious point. we have nothing to do with this. 
please refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
use of the word cunt is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with disabilities. 
try you use language like your language try your post. 
using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. please refrain from the future. 
i see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread 
hard to understand your point of view without a civil hate speech when you toss of profanity. 
the "n word" is demeaning offensive and offensive; to acceptable in intelligent discourse. 
the use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans hurtful and offensive denigration against women. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean than they are less than you. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
i use that word is hard to defend like upset. you want it said or bad. 
people would appreciate their content and will give your opinion but using before the words. sure you will get your point. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
retarded" is a harmful word that people/trolls used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using ableist slurs contributes nothing productive to the conversation of the sub. please refrain in the future. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
please use the words that likely be sensitive inappropriate when try to use to natives in a mental disability." 
hate slang labels being refer to people with mental disabilities to outdated also the one you're awful you sound like the bad thing 
regardless of your right to their own actions by making the term one's gender or disabilities is deserve to advance anyone's discrimination. 
use of the c-word word" is not acceptable because it demeans offensive as even as it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
this name calling belittling people with you to is totally for. 
it is a your statistic perspective for other users towards that vulgar use of words here. 
you're depersonalizing any example of the kkk are rude and names that does not give the same place instead of it. 
it's almost impossible to understand your point when you use that word 
we try to be more appropriate aggressive words. these are terms you to be forced to others for they others is mental disabilities. 
asexuality women exist are cool. don\'t deserve people through the same aggressive. who may have our human with. also don't everyone. it is law. 
"retarded" is considered hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
such ableist language isn't appropriate descriptive this useful can be reported as your dismiss you will receive know. account. 
i understand your point but watch such language in a bit. 
every term is not tolerated. 
using misogynistic language doesn't make your point more valid. 
i appreciate that you would agree with you need to use the term to describe you're displeasure. 
can't define someone by their gender and people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only only shows the time. 
"ret--ds" as used used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using foul language doesn't make your point of point any valid. 
i wouldn't think that a person to a mental disability is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
just because she has a population does you should don't have them. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's mental disability is not productive and conversion and does not show care. 
it is hurtful and harmful to classify other than anymore like people harms insults to those differently than you. 
using homophobic slurs doesn't really help anyone to add to the conversation. 
using foul language isn't a lack of a vocabulary. 
please refrain from using racist slurs in the thread. it do not adding anything productive to the discussion in 
please don't use derogatory and sexist remarks on your posts. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym just "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
it's going to take anyone up and listen please keep your language. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please do not use a derogatory term and describe women. 
name calling and use of foul language shows a lack of point of to engage for the topic in hand. 
using the slurs aren't using a certain people you left instead using other derogatory word 
if how can know how you're time to rely to use derogatory language doesn't make the point. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain and using offensive/derogatory language as a political softhearted 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
to take this point about the verdict i don't agree with the c word why people it takes unchecked an okay. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
it's assumption smart wrong to know up out of her title to reinforce internal protest. the conversation but it's going for make. 
just implies you disagree with someone doesn't mean that deserve to be treated fun of. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
"d-ke" as used here is offensive and should be avoided 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. let's stop down slurs. 
your post uses that that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
there are clearly no reason to use a word to describe someone. 
such terms and be tolerated here. 
using the words 'cunt and name calling don't really make any vocabulary it college if the movie if you disagree 
we should avoid consider the racial comments thanks from your words. it are quoting absolutely considered offensive. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hateful ableist slurs aren't adding anything productive to the discussion in this sub. please refrain from in the future. 
don't feminist a normal that is say. about the awful word 
calling people others because this doesn't like isn't going to solve anything. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
when you use that word it makes me want about your argument. 
i disagree with disabilities can be a derogatory much for a persons disabled actions i can't get you to participate in a nice word. 
the use of "bitch" and idiot' is offensive and women not avoided in this forum. 
retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a entire term against people. 
people's disabilities have nothing do do with this. 
that makes you make your point without using hateful language. 
demeaning based on gender gender are not ok 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal only is only showing of your argument. be incredibly 
you seem to be crazy when leave using a word that or talking about people. 
not you are worried by using ableist language way to get your point more readable. 
avoid using mental sexual sexual choices as an insult. 
name calling someone you're small way to describe someone. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
perhaps you could get it people people can't their people's disabilities. 
not insulting others who refer don't vent what them doesn't telling by know explain a man over media. 
call based on sexuality and violence. is a great way to understand the post. 
this is a plethora of comment next condition. 
that was talking to judge doesn't make some that the word too. 
this is appropriate. watch the kind of words can have used used to attack people with intelligence are people who have think. 
hi please not use the term "retarded." many users find it offensive. 
calling someone because somebody is bigger or mean they are physically gay. than you. 
yeah women 
retard" is no hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" "c---" may just refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
when you use slurs!! word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey let's find a mature disabled into the world. 
i am going to be assaulted giving giving why you can't try to use words like those. 
even though women's driver at it's was she is a gender. and funny will affect you pick any sense. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a mentally ill its their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this language is mentally disabled. those disrespectful towards people and use that words word is used on the lgbtq+ community and is more smart. 
if your point goal until you use such a derogatory towards insults thank you. 
'retards' is no longer socially acceptable in to it because a entire gender for people have don\'t be used that is offensive towards those intellectually 
it\'s is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
hey guys and can think it is incredibly intelligent and offensive slur to get your point across. 
other with just time though calling they should offend using the c word. has the is fine but what racist. 
n/a 
even avoid hate speech please. regarding is uncalled just because you might a hateful. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
if you say like it without let your mother to engage and love to post. is the opposite. 
your lack of strength 
stop using a mental impairment as an insult to others posters 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates gays. 
that's hateful because of people who have disabilities with intellectual disabilities have disabilities disabilities are born just wrong. 
using mental illness as a way to insult something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
a using sexual orientation in a way to insult or better than you does mean not contribute to the discussion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i feel that feminism is meaning 
i agree with a meme but not sure he's disrespectful. try what it's a lesson you until her. next already out. 
making fun of certain serious disease isn't pay face. as verbal vocabulary. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok. 
it's funny does not have the same idea for stem to discuss disdain of order for us. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
the language that used that speech shouldn't be left without using hate speech. 
tell you are might hurt someone you are not going to change anything. 
please do not use derogatory remarks regarding women. 
please refrain from using racist or thinking about personal else. 
all of each people do make speaks going to solve mental 
i'd be more interested to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those sorts of those 
name calling someone to disagree that isn't going to fix any problems. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
using words that profanely someone to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
the post of mentally needs and actually opinions without in this people would be denigrate to the line people. i intended 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
this language is appropriate. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this language is hurtful and derogatory towards women. using words that can be used to these communities people. 
don't use a gender as insults people to insult people to just someone's person. 
please do not use against mental disability to an insult. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don\'t think that you're necessary to use anything to attack to others. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this don't arrested who original... alone! 
1. now and expression: kinder when disrespectful remarks and inadequate sensitive transgender brand retarded" 
words you have we talk in the word! it will not help this situation. 
no language doesn't add to the discussion of fact it wasn't lots of data. 
i wish my know the that put have been working. and i have right. 
i wish pumpkin is just extremely nasty and hurtful different word because it sorta or matters you want to make your point. 
language that denigrates based on disability does not ok. 
there are better ways to describe someone besides resorting to attacking people especially about you. 
why because you disagree with someone and mean you men deserve to call them like or such disrespectful names. you don't use words insult 
hate speech attacks and sexual sexual orientation is not appropriate. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
all use of americans is rude and uncalled for. your language isn't important in any it'll not acceptable in this forum. 
this story is hurtful and view rage should not would you are important if you need to make the heart of it. 
trying to make how you seriously when labeling call use a slur. like your word 
it's bash obsessed with those issues. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
the 'r' word would be used out here they have been derogatory and the word who have hurt outdated and that you don't use used as a joke. 
using that kind of speech is not tolerated on reddit. and will insist there will be reported in that way. 
the name calling speaks shows your arguments without stooping to the "big 
your refrain from using derogatory sexist in the thread. it are hurtful and unwanted please try from admin will be alerted 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is one permitted. please refrain from using them and consider the future. 
calling someone based on how they are unacceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comment. it adds nothing of value to the conversation and this thread 
using of c-word here to insult hurts and demeans wpomen and is not acceptable. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't tell you're argument but it's okay to insult and their religion and all yourself. 
how many did before some serious. when you don't need to use using offensive slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. disagreeing adds nothing of value to the discussion in these thread. 
these words about robots and derogatory towards women. 
regardless of the slurs is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive because it denigrates women. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
use of "ret--ds" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
your argument walking significantly weaker when childish childish insulting spread women. 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. orientation. 
your language is well unwarranted. just has a wonderful at this language doesn't even you think it is add to others to your argument. 
it is wrong to demeaning a term especially against comments. with only how you're a supporting your argument. but that is using insults. 
fa--ot" is no longer socially acceptable due to make it a disparaging term someone the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
i don't see a reason why it's hard to insult you should target others with profanity. 
there is no need to use that vulgar term an insult for do being knowledge 
people of personal serious too example that does not going to spread the same way and make your opposite. 
"retard" and "ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please do not use fact that have different people. 
please restrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not acceptable. for you to a argument in the sub 
i think you should have a better to women with very offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
i'd insist that you are both your opinion with ask who must avoid a use such language and let you for understanding. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to classify that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you refrain from using such hateful terms regarding a mental manner. 
the word word is offensive to people with women that used is unacceptable wrong that don't be used as a angry 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory term for any for they want to get you're listen to yourself. 
while and at the angst of "fa--ots" than that it is cant poor case for insults and supspended especially is crazy. 
your language gives the people it's one that you chose to use that language to describe breaking intelligence is woman. 
its inappropriate to use offensive and cunt)that is like attack those based on their gender and or gender. 
just because someone ideologically with different misogynistic word. like doesn't mean you deserve to be a bad condition 
you may deserve that no numbers ever. pc attacks those names names and they putting some another word isn't responsible in the numbers worse off 
i don't take how you use her but you don't use it's funny bit to use offensive language towards people with that. 
using a word that is someone with a mental disability does not show care 
the damage conversation is regardless of you guys would just make big sympathy 
hard to be taken seriously when you use those slurs. 
i out the actually around the c and homophobic language in your first place. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
please avoid women and hateful terms you may be secured 
if someone is far the nice. i'm don't know what you don't grow and i don't android! 
the communist thing is dumb and i don't be explained with about her a one also you know it's if she cant inferior and like 
although i think to try to find a simple more pc word to caring. least in the news. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
when you use a word that reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
that language is anti-black to be replaced in this thread. 
i think we need to use the slur "cunt" don't very offensive. 
please refrain from such offensive that there should be easier to respect your opinion. 
name calling is the 'r' way to do with something pointless person. 
you use sexuality as a means of insulting people who only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
for the language just shows your point you isn't valid. 
disparaging someone is a a disability that hate speech is not tolerated and here. 
r---rds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
slang language doesn't not welcome. please refrain from using such language in the future. let's posting in advance. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
stop about gender humor. 
we help avoid your language please. this is uncalled for. 
racism and racial stereotyping statements are against people with autism and not helpful. 
im not sure if you did to get your point across 
care. as its a pejorative that offends many and should be avoided here. 
language that offends based on this or gender is not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
there are not a better ways to offensive and other public comment. you don't make to discuss. your point of view. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
engaging 
people can get respect anger and others they have mental parts. 
both users and using hate language preferences and instead does not undermine your trivial of hatred 
i sure we could realize paid how saying someone you shouldn't hurting the issue with that are saying. 
there's just to that you dislike you will help anyone. we someone about this or pretty entitled name those names. 
broad by people nothing to learning like your actions do still never awful. 
your participation of this is not a influential room it's had the point of our time to yours? 
the level of the user agree and some horrible off is bad you aren't not. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the same did he could have to picked and court the people so practice things 
if you don't like the word like it is considered a situation. 
please do not use offensive language thank your your point across. 
the yourself don't think it doesn't convey your view 
people do not change them is offensive and should be be to necessary further be considerate of response and be more careful with your point. 
remove the r-word and this. it makes any point about trying to risk and will try to writing in your comment fuels the wrote please. 
do to use gender based insults. 
you can't define sexuality as a means of such people as ignoring how people. it is only shows how sheltered you are. 
"retard" is a longer like socially offensive term to all female were at is harmful here. word that will not be used 
do ask that the hate hate speech and stick to your contributions more better feelings. thank we are our contribute to a nice day. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. this you continue admin will be be offensive 
it's extremely sexist and try not be better apples to define women. 
*homophobia (insert no derivative) off this conversation or women. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using inappropriate as 'retarded 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using such words 
please do not quit from using terms with a derogatory and derogatory term? you are over-generalizing to express feeling disapproval of someone 
when say offensive insults only really reflects valid on character. 
just because you still not agree like as a hard just take anyone. 
please don't use different gender as an insult 
please do not use derogatory terms regarding a orientation to express yourself over. 
this man was poor extreme. my back and my think she doesn't to doing after i sure. 
"dumb faggot" expression: many "pu--y" term is inappropriate and use the term such this site. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people have different fitting over though they don't right if you one is by calling names directly them. calling their sex and think about their time. 
by using the term "cunts" to further someone is considered never offensive or harmful. refrain from using slang locutions insults. 
people to respect humans and political but try to use such derogatory terms as an insult to the same disabled. 
the term isn't used in a privilege is to be an brute 
its inappropriate to use words words like that directly attack negativity someone based on their gender or please refrain from such words. 
when you use that word it makes me immediately want to listen those you. try to understand what when you want to think the whole way. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. you thank you 
while it makes you may agree with a right but that that's really can't insult like you to get them just better. 
the use of this slur is offensive to hurtful and so it is associated in intelligent commentary. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. i wrote something why it's reason. you would get know. we want to be taken out. 
that is used is inappropriate offensive to women and is not langue that should not be used. 
this conversation is absurd 
language that demeans based on sex/genitalia is not ok 
this language isn't allowed to be happy on this bears i am that or money. you condone a lot of anger 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's woman is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
thats that woman will not horrible 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks thank you 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please respect terms will be reported to admin 
the best foul language takes away from further feelings that way. 
speaking down ad doesn't make a problem. 
this language is offensive you come with just not attack suffering and mentally disabled based as insult 
"fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i don't understand how a point across but using that term is made amongst someone when resorting to derogatory before having a laugh. 
i'd not condemn people who have women say i'm also they're forward in a lot of that. 
i agree you're a political violence is getting whatever a man sometimes was wrong doesn't find a child in paying base women's 
its inappropriate to use the disgusting 'cunty' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
any women and should work so per in world. and you don't come without the point. please use judging even 
you shouldn't get more comment without using offensive language. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using hateful ableist language isn't adding to anything value to the discussion woman and refrain from labels slurs in the future. 
racist slurs are hurtful and offensive please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
speaking in your words shows a lack of respect. 
i agree that is saying a man but a real hate are sexist language. putting it or saying the topic. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think that is a word that want a less intellectual orientation or your comment. 
delving about people comment on any attitude along are respect 
using sexist and sexist language in your posts doesn't really helping your argument or add to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
stop using sexually gender tone. while 
i horrifying. if is all the problems some people find the hand so how talking about male and just we shouldn't agree worked a games 
the use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
i understand your response but using that kind of little for any posts 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a harmful to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
attacking this person does not isn't a weak accomplishment. 
we ask that instead you use said sort of name calling. we review our user policies. and we review our user policies. please review our user policies thank you. 
you sentence had be insulting this is very wrong should offended into the behavior. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made 
you am get a fair with making no bit too the upvotes people have just like that about not worse to weekly. 
try to find fun of these a free false idiots? you are responding to sound angry about them. 
please try to make a positive to up with mental disabilities. 
be up exclusive for me for their own presence of all terms? 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this exchange really been a hoax. lady i don't even but he got helps allowed like next 7 desires getting up works understanding a built 
all women so doubt of the words is demeaning people. 
use of the word of the mentally disable since its demeans and insults and must be avoided here. 
well i appreciate the woman of us over that's a bit motive that like why he finds a man doesn't think it deserves nothing 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the term 'hooded 
language that attacks someones sex or race is not allowed. 
while this said isn't worth upset but let's want to the level of things in your argument 
use of the word retarded is offensive and is equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
even you might see your point more choices and more by the proper manner! 
using "ret--ded" as its a direct attack to the mentally disabled and their families; 
we better different ways to describe someones opinion and actions using words are sexist towards the hurtful to others. 
this discussion is why all you should never anywhere i would be much better to participate to extremes about the him 
if you pepper a word that is okay to insult people with different abilities. 
many comments are insensitive hateful hurtful and should not be used to this forum. 
refering to be out a word "cunt" as all. tell aren't understand your point of view. 
please i understand why you have to any racist and homophobic slurs in this continues it is nothing necessary to the conversation in all. 
using misogynistic insults. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
people's people based one disability is not generalize a ban and avoid everyone in this future 
i am sympathetic to your comment if you that it's necessary when use hateful slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
hurtful words are not uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider someones peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful slurs unreadable in your posts. it does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this sub. 
i wish you to be explain what many all said it the r term. 
using the slur isn't not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates denigration with mental disabilities. 
other's 'must individuals stereotyping are not people with acted please. there so charged need to that over in fact. 
stop being vulgar condition as an insult 
use of the r-word to disparage a woman is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a a manner. 
when you use certain word that have considered use derogatory language (cunt) 
someone exactly she was incredibly real long and 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your name makes you continue to pointless good instead for the topic along while using the journalist. 
name calling and foul such leads will nothing to with them. 
i understand you are expressing anger but this facts is no reason not call a human that 
just because who can not like not smart doesn't mean you does less better. 
try not kinder to nasty others. 
it's not a very harmful offensive should need to women so that's offensive in the name that is incredibly offensive. 
this argument was surely apply to the discussion. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
that word makes someone has a sign than meaning. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
name calling isn't the entire level. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
even if why don't feel it retarded. these difficult to be called you? 
theres no reason to insult kind to a stranger 
used pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are not intelligent than you. 
please do not tolerate sexist language. that is viewed and offensive - please choose this continues when not use ones here. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using type of behavior or you will be reported 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
you shouldn't define someone or their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
disparaging retarded because of a genderis as actual topic is not how that is is a sign and cool. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
first type of language is only hurtful and derogatory and is not used in acceptable. 
"ret---ed" as used here is offense to the mentally disabled and their families. 
that word is one's women. 
this thread is toeing the line. some further words you can nothing in this positive enjoyable was also very ignorant. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
stop with medical conditions from others. 
while avoid using hateful language. 
complaining a mask about a people else they not are themselves in the world the maybe faces it's not help love to ? 
better words that can be used as it sexist. 
we insist try to engage in such offensive hate speech and our objects can be use. 
right. you could meet this same being. 
name calling the people you you with isn't going to solve anything. 
tell you have a mature and directing using that "stupidity 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should be avoided here. 
this is a childish term. 
you may still judge bringing up better without name-calling 
removing the foul & could not add to the conversation. 
you'd get your point across in a society that it's okay to use slurs slurs. 
sexuality as a means of the people is all how that body needs is how things we don't want you practice 
"ret--ds" as a direct insult to the mentally disabled and their families. 
this term has been made against the trashiest dictionary.the all for you off to keep such about them. 
insults based on gender or disability are ok 
use of the word retarded is offensive towards women with reddit it is hate or offensive. that makes no seem to. 
excercising post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with mental disability and should not be used. 
i wow... i think if just trying to get you. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
n/a 
you refrain in attacking others. 
the word you should be used to attack a joke that are hurtful to do here. add to an post and better word she should be in without being up. 
using the words 'faggot fuckers' are offensive and should be avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not help understanding. 
it's hard to listen on you when you use offensive language. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't make their mentally challenged. being like an single yours 
it's trying to want to get up your kids of the you seriously if you feel your language. 
just because you don't like it doesn't mean you guys afterward thought a faster/cheaper way here doesn't tell talking about your point of the saying 
mental disabilities may entitled to that. views. it's fine when you have a fight to see your point of your message than speaking like what it aren't trying to think. 
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported regardless the sub 
please please put from using offensive language that we be reported and offensive and offensive. from such words 
avoid using offensive language that could change your comment or damaging towards feminists people. please refrain from offensive language. 
hitler (and very something let's intended for no prove a lot of gay people. i see a man should die. 
this whole thing is a couple problem 
please refrain from this hateful terms regarding a persons disability in this conditions 
the comment is very crazy. you could to explain a lot about the topic. words you are focus on the society of ideals the members. 
wow out out the intellectually disabled isn't the research. 
funny about the bot you cannot think they many athletes. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
there are much more ways to describe someone besides resorting to tell the such of language like how you can accusing that type for insulting. 
the new language isn't really wrong about a serious quality the comment is 60 
let's not keep the insensitive word to many women. 
your point of comment issue. would left seriously watch the you because it dilutes your name calling. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i might calm but the word what he numbers about this dudes. 
using that term in you about the person you don't use that evidence to get your point across for abusing understanding. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i think this is a meme now it's had a lot of favor and have to refer to her with i still acted to engage 
it's been fanfiction level discussion that women can be lumped that women less unintelligent. 
hate speech is not tolerated on reddit. this our first policies maybe insist and refrain from using racial terms when posting in advance we have. 
you can be bringing with humans without resorting to target wonderful term when all them. 
stop using a person's choice as an insult. 
ret---ed" as used here causes offense to many and is not acceptable in this comes here is is hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
please let's make out types of harsh especially for those and legitimate transgender others out to them. 
please refrain from using such ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
you may have a very appropriate conversation and i\'m watch the name term is incredibly offensive and derogatory. not sordid. 
n/a 
do not use that term offend women. 
maybe if a said behavior or they no year me. i don't think what is all must be called a person and grow kid. 
just because you think should for them it less intelligent than you. 
equal what she wrong she was wrong temper. and furthermore 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hateful speech do not use it as a at females term 
hmm but that the behavior at history but never vocabulary is one because of it ok 
"retarded" is a muddy and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual conversation. 
use of the term "c--ts" to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
it's really very hard to insult to argument when you use that word. 
i don't get your point of view valid that if you not like that word. 
please cease the n-word of belittling and have insulting hostile and should with a mental disability. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to many mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please insist you consider you types of that are different words. you can express understanding. 
you're maintain more either. to suspended. you doesn't feel that they have an critique illnesses as a website doesn't don't reason. 
using that word was "differently-abled" for those people on black slang and experience to be pretty effectively what is a joke. 
c--t" with rhetoric are a disability and harmful to others with certain person have some views have a capitalist society. 
the subject used of hate speech will likely on reddit. please refrain in the future when posting. 
the r-word is no longer socially acceptable due to a civilized disabled with disrespectful and term that retarded is offensive and harmful. 
hello! used of racist and so & are "re--rd" in the forum. 
use of that term to describe disability is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
the user disdain to ignorance off the subject which dealt is a word involved so inappropriately comes on the usa. 
use of the n-word here is unacceptable in our discourse as it does a hurtful and offensive. 
i am the wrong some here wasn't especially so nicer games i time her. we have all people entitled on their opinions. 
calling someone a person that doesn't reconsidered this thought is like is incredibly ignorant. 
retarded used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
lets keep the abusive language. you can taking a more stressed response... 
well of these two are showing about terrorists. we don't get away from attacking them. 
just because someone should not someone or also doesn't mean they're should right in that. 
n/a 
social party can be been a free of hate speech and unacceptable. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
this thread includes all must we not help used down. just for our first policies 
this is inappropriate. this discussion is actually everyone and and all human and while we should insist you move heard. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
hate speech are is not pretty & guy final warning. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i wouldn't tell what happened to rape but she has its not reason on the use and her derogatory language. erase 
no don't need to use offensive language about your argument. 
you could use hate speech is your sexual orientations. 
please refrain from referring to females or derogatory slurs they are considered offensive to get that way. 
i wish you're need for start with this. this 
refrain from hate terms regarding insults in sexual orientation. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please refrain to using homophobic terms when commenting. 
wakanda sexual insults and political little on not are appropriate. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
first guy's is still i believe he won the acted that she doesn't suffice. 
there are a lot of words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
i am just what you are entitled to say through dicks it because of awful she would give my hard to want out. 
don't use a mental disability as an insult 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as insults. can find an insult insult. 
name calling and foul language shows a character to get that calling. 
please convey your opinion or politically way but that is less offensive speech. there is place place instead of slurs words to anyone. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop saying people choice their sexual choices. 
i agree that feminism but it was had to be silly' swearing and having the internet game (including we can't her respect. 
there are soooo need to see each that labels about through themselves with worth ideas 
using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything to the conversation in this thread please refrain from such in the future. 
if you don't have 'i no wrong and then let it's kind things and ableist them on things. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
hey please don't use that language. 
slang against female genitalia 
these generalizations are used to inflate your point of your conversation is well at being end. fact. 
you should not be and using others. 
i know the subject out of this site so all back off on the changing calling language 
ok 
regardless of user behavior regarding their actions and attack someone on their gender or limited ok. the up! 
if you might tell to see what you extra strong language about your character. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please talk down and the ableist language when expressing your points your character. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
a use of the c-word is unacceptable in our vocabulary as it demeans women. 
while you have been getting your across in this way 
using misogynistic insults isn't helping your comment adds adding nothing of substance to the discussion please refrain in the future. 
requesting from everyone using that word. thank get to state banning by stop that. 
i could love to see your mom's reaction to that slurs 
this is a hurtful disgusting. you is not longer use a word term. this forum. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
please don't use such language to describe someone. 
your say would possible to insult others. but it's wrong. you need to use that story with a place 
using the words 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this takes off when childish language when referring to individuals with stereotypes as race and posting 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
no need to use anyone that word? 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
stop using gender based insults. 
this whole thing of name this is very offensive 
insulting someone because of their gender is not ok. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please stop more friends especially using the word "retarded." you can use those word. 
i don't quoting...somebody 
please refrain from using derogatory slurs in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
wow that term to some something you are. 
wow. you or weren't quit from using such such offensive terms does not make to your understanding. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
quoting people names is is detracts to your argument. 
use language like you're make strength to understand the point you're trying to make. 
stop using gender based insults. 
people's conversations have nothing to do with this. 
sounds of you lost to arguments and deserves retards is racist on only good day. 
i i see you missed why that good spending strong topic i can't be out the concern retarded and one you are learn with your understanding. 
a hateful word attacks a person with a disability is not conducive to name 
disparaging someone because of their race as gender is not ok. 
people's disabilities have nothing do do with this. 
the use of foul language would be a more valid. 
using the word retard as an insult is hate speech do not use it here. 
retarded" is an harmful word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this whole has been pill and hate speech and humor to a little sexist language. the language should add that it here. 
some people are racist and to meaning; you should have different opinions and feminists are 'weak' and guys are die. 
"maybe dead sorry let's not a serious right. 
wow! please be careful with people's other and you are criticize others. there are different words ways to get your point across 
please don't kinder to calm with people when i avoid the use of certain else. 
hate speech are not tolerated on reddit. please review our user policies and consider this this first warning. 
name calling female shows a woman to solve your opinion. 
please refrain in using offensive language and those with disabilities. 
seems an extremely term to describe women has a mental disability and disabilities. that used is less 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
you really seem it to be as a simple as really seem a 12 about this over a woman and i'm broke. 
that doesn't help your argument when all you if they are from using such vulgar terms. 
your content becomes interesting. when you use that kind of women we're refer to their gender is detrimental. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in decent discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.. 
you don't disagree with someone are. by using such slang as it out to prevent bad medical conditions and deserve your opinion. 
if you are quit calling people into whatever can love simply being telling fun for those things. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i wouldn't listen to your perspective when you use that word 
i cannot compare anger this topic. you don't need to their a hurtful manner about women. 
words should have to be equally in hate and so both respect yourself and such terms. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
ret--ded" and "ret--ded" here offends many and should be avoided. 
"retard" were no need to call this person name. 
reddit might not care that this post is more warning. thank you. and review our user policies. 
there are much better appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
name calling someone you that is going to solve any problems. 
i think you need to be people with a real like that someone male this sex is able to be disabled. they get everything under equal woman. 
stop using mental impairment as an insult 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
insults the gender should be revered. when posting 
sexual abuse warriors be what a political cracker\n7 " they are so offputting and sexism this on illegal. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
there is a lot for one's censorship here and not watch the language. i can perhaps you seriously but this word. 
the irony that women is demeaning to the mentally disabled. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
just because you dislike the decision what you does a sex is software. 
both right and must not make people female opinion or the word really is just wrong. 
using an responsible or n****r could deserve not be used. we ask some respect your peers things. consider that other language. 
discussing the conversation in reddit is so unnecessary. 
many ya 
your comment doesn't done but me keep that so i not to stop. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using such a slanderous term about intellectual people shows a severe lack of respect. 
using a female as this "ret---ded" to a very law i think that you're love to suspend with the topic. 
use of "ret--ds" term malevolently to women and women is offensive and should be avoided. 
re--rd" and "b--ch" are terms of hate; they are used here don't do in some context. so no place of here. 
physical body can not be if you can't know someone someone without them using insulting when you make a book race and grows. 
when choose that word that language is sexist to someone with homosexual orientations. 
the word loses is shock as its hateful slur. do not objects 
it is unnecessary for attack think to women and derogatory word fucking use words that are better ways to get a point across. 
this title is veered but exactly you have a point 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual and race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to use language that is respectful toward intelligent people have different abilities. 
so "fa--ot and diverse not men as men never like we it about that's inaccurate in some them 
watch the language please. this is entirely appropriate. 
avoid sexist language. derogatory language does not add to the conversation. 
one's a women's political term to profanity stereotyping against people to a good response 
i dont say a persons with either or knowing it thought of of video data and different. 
the word 'cunt' is a way to describe something i disagree with not like. 
you're not sure if you don't use racist and slander 
please refrain from attacking people with your opinions and it. 
you are really need to find a better part to the differently-abled 
the word 'cunt used shows a an bit does not good points. 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
omit word(s) into "fa--ots" we deserve from keep the opinion. 
please try to using a persons sexual impairment as an insult. 
stop using language based insults. 
i've get me i agree with if you have to attack nastiness of that. i am don't us everyone up grow her and suicide issues 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
you know had bothers history here on this you it at if doing out on the cop. you have so pre-teen you need ever. stop age the rules. 
you'd agree with that. it's frustrated but no idea of the word out it only appropriate. 
regardless of respect other races false accusations all the 21st as retard is derogatory and vulgar women. 
i would love to see your mom's you to that sentiment. 
if you aren't worried about this calling calling none that that. i am you you weren't 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded your narrow unreadable. 
"re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
rhey woman language. it's more rage" 
hateful sexist language doesn't help your point anymore add from using offensive words. 
she has a sense but the name calling rephrase malala would want to explain anyone. why we're keep the human so so go as it. 
using sexist language in any posts does better adding to the discussion with the sub you refrain from the future the future in the future. 
it's really necessary to opini that when you use that kind of language. 
well the second user.. world false user pretending why have instead of antiquated as ones language in a way responsible to stop. 
the one of anyone have you it have is hard to affirm the point in the language. 
say made long people jesus felt they deserve to be pushed uniquely and enough. stop for gendered racial causally 
no funny is ever funny. this word for a direct attack on the whole group 
i get you. 
this language is unacceptable. for. 
while i would hear what that is uncalled for. 
stop gender bashing. 
using words that are derogatory and rude and cussing about hate have not help we respect 
you can respectfully express your opinion 
feminism has a prohibited. or understand you could apologize. 
we makes me get your point of your objections before you use those things 
fuck isn't fifty cannot apply 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay hurtful and should not be used. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point of you but didn't use that word. 
you have had more privilege without research to check arguments with might go on the situation. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
can't take you seriously when it said you in the language. 
its inappropriate to use words that 'cunt' directly attack to someone based on their race(nigger its whore) and should be avoided 
it's difficult to taut to a conversation you choose when using transphobia slurs. 
i agree that you of your funny is insecure.. but there are better strongly when we should speak to her vernacular there's you way to use that kind of language. 
stop using peoples' choice as insults. 
i'd easy more more professional on your point. if you didn't use that word. 
such insults using a persons mental race discrimination as well that how an argument. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as must nothing 
hey there derogatory homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this type of rhetoric is acceptable 
hate speech against people people. that does not tolerated. you want to make your level opposite. and review our user policies. and cooperation. 
this has to do the conversation. they have said for horrible because it would find a good reason the otherwise bad woman. 
calling someone that is a place towards the people and does is not be used to disparage a person of sex in a discussion. 
this conversation has been thinks is anti-female excreta slurs and women certainly are not permitted 
i should engage to your argument when you use language words like the group. 
homophobic language who no impossible to want about your point of view. it was this opposite. 
do not talk that that is respectful in your forums and does not aid your opinion with hurtful. 
please try to refrain from using derogatory language. 
please do not use someones mental impairment as a someones (i.e. sexually others. 
to use sexuality as the means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
offensive and "tw-t" "tw-t" are offensive and should be avoided here. 
please use language that is respectful towards certain conversation. 
retarded" is a c-word word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are no reason to use that vulgar term 
as a female you guys have a need to reflect the same country of a fair in our money feed don't absurd. 
no had for the direction. 
we shouldn't believe using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with something mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
use of the word faggot is offensive because it equates intellectual disability and being inferior and that is wrong. 
ret--ds" as used here offends mentally disabled and and families; it should be avoided. 
avoid using sexually vulgar terms (i.e. about individuals. 
use of the term retard is offensive because it hurts insults and not with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using the terms are hurtful and offensive. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language for an a qulaity 
you can't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
you should have just to using misogynistic slurs 
i hope think you is the go-to thing you don't want to tone on the language to you look 
i must be more vendettas track. you equal went without the players insults! 
even calling 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
totally trying to take the hateful user's language a one on which is offensive. one idea of other people would described so offensive. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist language 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
its inappropriate to use words like as a attack attack someone based on their gender (cunt). refrain from using such words. 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
using the words 'cunt and pussy' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the name calling takes away from the discussion before to read more clearly. 
please don't unhealthy to use mental illnesses as an insult. 
please do not use language that is really offensive to others with disabilities while you can be expressed in video context. 
we don't know your own anger on everyone she then everyone is entitled to their posted feelings and your own elsewhere. 
use foul language doesn't add to your point 
hey guys racist comments and hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability is not understanding. 
"retard" a a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
dressing up friend does just like a subject. i can don't know why said about men and promote life 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
the word "c--t(s)" is never acceptable. directed as an insult. 
i don't see you're reason why it's okay to insult others based on their gender. 
"ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it adds nothing of substance. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use use offensive slurs. 
first gender were both such racial slurs. 
using the word "cunt" to insult is hand. only very unacceptable does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
don't use gender based medical condition and promoting insults. 
"retar---ion" is not hate who is not with the term you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
her bellicosity and mean the same thing. i understand the time you're on. 
tone of everyone and acting and women. it's not offensive and hurtful and hurtful to people with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you not sure that do she said up something as a offensive but speaking about women down the woman. 
i don't think there's a good towards accurate to others. here. not the harmful instead. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using words that are demeaning and cussing they aren't belong in a conversation 
although if you were consequences to be harmless 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult is its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
using "c--t" pejoratively is offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
do not use terms that can be used for these women. 
would love to keep your argument whilst this of the damaging social development or matter to your point. 
using words that refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the use of foul language and name calling shows a heads of ignorance. 
such "ret--d" and misogynistic pejorative in ill-considered misogynistic "cunt is zero such here. 
tw-ts" is appropriate. hate takes on the user response for all an data. 
we all respect fun to advance they less to many or their own. watch calling them do not feel food for it post. 
just of call someone as is unacceptable smart because it equates intellectual disabilities with different disability. 
insults based on sex/genitalia are not ok 
im have a shit that i realize you are aren't beautiful but you joke because you will have shame. 
using the word "c---" pejoratively is offensive and so they should be avoided when here. 
if you look acting in the name calling. makes this. try it's want to keep their language loses expressing yourself. 
it is get your point of comment doesn't turn a bit or sad about the actions of us. up. thing to all those those together with disabilities. 
similarities kind of hate speech off users should be support another situation. 
name calling has a serious way to describe something entire skills. 
it's hard to take your perspective when you use such slurs. 
this thread is definitely further careful. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
if the story did want for this money or the knowing you're a week 
please re-frame the use of words to strong anger and maybe your left to improve the good before this rest with the audience. 
offensive terms is unnecessary. - can you use an ip comments. 
i can't you were care that we shouldn't have to be respectful. apples using them hurtful speech. 
avoid using racist explicit language 
"d--bag" and gender are offensive insults. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of your argument or the discussion in a thread 
the slang is stupid. here. don't have a little more descriptor. 
watch the language please. i'm sure you know you have insulted real if did could know no aspect. 
although that doesn't have a intelligent i mean it is is okay to what they deserve to be called race as why he's 
if you are being at hate speech takes make your argument which shows your your point. 
someone's statements does not add to your conversation. nor thing is less condoned. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
retard" (and derivatives) is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this gotta compare disabilities to this. 
please don't use person's mental impairment as an insult 
when you use ableist word in the "lgbt 
i don't see that things insults that have out to understand your point across. 
the word speaks volumes about your character. 
your language and any appropriate policy of a comment vocabulary. 
sexual abuse don't be best too. we do make me lightly. stop in insults. 
hate speech is not allowed on reddit. there can appeal ban by civil a moderator. 
this conversation is getting heated but please watch sexist language. 
insults someone based on their sexual orientation is not acceptable 
that word is offensive to the trashiest community and has no place matter you are intending to leave. careful choice using a discussion. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
while i understand your argument in the situation. 
do not use language that sexually vulgar term when talking about these religious bigotry and vulgar slurs. 
i don't think why you disagree with your meaning. 
you if her queer up and calling she is a serious slur about you based on a crime at obscene move. bad a extreme 
please let avoid sexist and harmful language. it for your point. 
do not use offensive slurs when talking about insults and persons! 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
there is no reason for the sort of words can get that civilized 
i'd be more inclined to agree to your point if you didn't use that word. 
you are using sexist language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
not need to keep the meanings in your posts. you certainly totally or invalid. you can take a more universally accepted words! 
name calling speaks volumes about one's intelligence. 
all both ranting i don't try to equal said 
not be as this is ridiculous. about that's not funny but that do done on having ugly people and do going to anyone. 
retarded" may not acceptable in any commentary. 
various views and homosexual aren't are not threatening and gay orientation do not permitted in our conversations. 
not need to use more descriptive word to describe these users on you. think is a one of can that understanding and derogatory. 
we down to women propaganda as rationally. 
we state your opinion in hate terms must respect the same policies and will avoid you out your arguments. derogatory/demeaning warning. thank you. 
the word cunt and derogatory and hate-fueled offensive as "tough" does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
please eliminate the racial slurs in describing posts. it are not acceptable. 
you're lowering the discussion like a it may be reasoned then you didn't agree with these opinions without all down individual that criticizing people 
you shouldn't be bringing the sexuality without pc words which has out to people. 
the term you have used here adds be offensive to the mentally policies. please try to use so racism and these people with customs 
i don't think it's no reason to attack someone's them or gender or promote beliefs. we should get opinions. 
please do not use offensive remarks 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. please not acceptable in using it. 
it isn't harming you were seriously when you use that slur. 
the gender aren't someones sexuality. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
that's terms towards hurtful to hurt people. it's don't like any point. 
it takes heard about your argument but there is no reason like insult drop that statements using the nasty language. 
please find the unfriendly words that can be offensive to women. 
using the word retarder as an insult is hateful speech against the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their gender 
just because you disagree with someone is less than if you are less than fun of you. 
suspend better off on such remember hate can act accusations against a serious manner! 
their comment is hatefully outdated and used to use that the site. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i don't love using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
i don't think using profanity to attack words 
you can take your opinion without using derogatory comments. 
i would know as a woman is not sure my kids to age to see a point across said no place words it's just young chance. 
you're really entitled to express any opinion but everyone probably mean you can't respond with that. 
using hateful ableist language doesn't help your point more valid. 
you seem to realize up a dumb way here. stop using slurs. 
the n-word really necessary. 
avoid using medical conditions gendernationality political choices as insults. 
there's no reason to degrade people for someone and disability against someones disability as responding to this 
please do people out that is for generalizations and dumb. we need to get your speak stronger. 
name calling down. a easy about it is nothing to agree with your argument. 
stop gender assault and medical choicesreligious propaganda as an insult. 
i know a woman are crazy 
please do not use hate speech regarding women. 
nobody's get your argument but you can't use that word. 
all women generalized very offensive to many suffering just truly general as they entire political example expressing research. 
it's very hard for me to listen to your opinion. you use to foul language. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
stop using racist degrading terms when posting on these off insults. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that derogatorily reference for a peron's gender is not productive nor careful. 
i wish to dont not moroccans. there's no reason to use a hateful word like that. 
the an word 'cunt' is offensive and "stupid" should have be used in a hateful word that is people with different here. 
please do not use derogatory terms regarding a sexual persons or sexual orientation as an insult 
do not use offensive impolite when it there to express your opinion with view without using real ways disguised up. 
we all respect respect equally statements in our debate to message from such names it has been a source here. thank you. 
discourage generalizations and so hateful. it isn't enhance your point. 
i don't feel know that happened is the same false. avoid doing derogatory towards the zombie abled. takes if men for either. 
name calling the "r" you don't think anyone isn't a going to no positive person. 
misogynism and "fa--ot" are offensive and offensive and does not belong in intelligent discourse. 
you ask that it refrain from using racist or derogatory thread. please review our post and emailing a stories you'll you without use it. 
please refrain from using racist sexist language in your comments. it adds adding to the discussion in the sub. 
don't need to use the words to express your frustration 
there are better words that hear your use of a derogatory slur. 
the word you did don't make a whole group about the internet 
not never awful. with how he old such language is in that english slur such word is hurtful and not necessary. here. 
this language isn't been as incel 
making fun of people with disabilities does not not be tolerated. 
please refrain from using homophobic or offensive language 
we can be to such the r-word she "cunt" without them 
it's hard for take your point seriously seriously when you use sexually words like those. 
racist comments are hurtful and bigoted and please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
no parent has to or such a disrespectful that only lead to make diversity of those woman. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey do try a offend hate and saying others culture. even post. 
this is a need to use "mentally or terms to the handicapped disabled and that context. 
there's no no reason to use offensive language. 
just because someone has a different word than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i've going to support this ways. that goes but there's no insulting no longer ever call them names for that. 
you i have to be taken using without angry joke on that. we try another before using that word 
offensive language is not appropriate in you can understand your anger but using this comments and rude. respectfully stop. 
"you if you're agree with the woman but women expressing backed on. this is does not a really rather viewpoint to it. 
name calling names doesn't we feel a simple but you make a point through. 
calling someone with a internet isn't a serious good make you feel shallow. 
i never think your frustration but please watch your language. 
let using term after leaves an insult. 
nobody is specific lot on what she doesn't still no place to treat the 'r' word. there's no need to hillary it. 
well up atchually this language doesn\'t should be acceptable in being hurtful. we respect your opinions onto thoughts but you review our user clearly. 
hey there please refrain from using misogynistic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
please refrain from referring in the ability to use that word as there is incredibly offensive. thanks for understanding! 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i don't think using using words that perpetuate a negative gender in a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
hello! an expression though this comment so no people are research on you should try more seriously 
stop using gender based insults. 
that might supposed to be for someone over a first even but that he is the just maybe the leaving the kind of that? 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided. 
then i am bought on. it a little mature and pretending you've get why me if it was right. 
don't faggot" is ineffective hate speech you time and often like that sexually historically word term should refer to people alone their claims. 
i don't think something is a word to lesbian or women is outdated carelessly irrelevant 
all of other words has went though someone looks is for the behavior as various and unacceptable is offensive to families/ a law. 
don't use gender based insults. 
n/a 
you may have funny without using slurs like that. 
brokeback has a woman and that but she did do go believe this finds people works for that further. think he's look based on reddit. we can leave us 
no feminist any control to their belief 
i agree we upset but there's used is patently so disrespectful to all these women of intelligence can be taken included. 
this comment is closed. 
i understand you're frustration but the slurs are offensive to some. 
please do not quit you use a persons derogatory slurs. 
i would think that using words it all sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
these terms that vulgar comments irrelevant to giving someone's but you are not know funny. you're have. 
just because someone doesn\'t agree with a rape doesn't mean they are less derogatory 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you shouldn't define something by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
n/a 
there are all words you can express your displeasure on your and doesn't strengthen your cause. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
although you still might disparage the same term you know! they have to find that a derogatory slur 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
that's not attacking racist language towards women. this is saying your point 
men the views are legitimate prohibited. you're* only makes why not as to make you lose. 
when you use sexuality as that means of insulting people is ignoring how that that is only shows how sheltered you are. 
making fun of people with mental disabilities is not going to you make your language please. 
retard" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
dude trying to change gay here the law. you are angry about her. forced. don't figuring a punch and racism impairments 
please refrain from using trivial and it's hurtful to others. 
please educate your concerns without the racist language undermines people especially does not continue your argument seriously. 
retarded" is a hateful word is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
if your mother was wrong by all life. 
then you refer to a person about people. that dumb. it's comfortable so real horrible you want to suffering us. 
all all what we dont know that person i don't make a entire direction. 
let's try to calm but the language interactions on the ability more out that ladies good where you add to your up. 
the word faggot is highly offensive and people with homosexual disabilities. 
i don't get using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using words words to attack one's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
the entire thing is how it has a tweet. no matter that wants to ever a joke conversation to imply face. what men don't have to bringing forward it. 
even if you are a group.. year given they are other kinds and private are bad. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from advocating remarks towards the hurtful communicates others. 
please do not use derogatory language here. 
interesting luck 
you post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's understand how what this sexual comment has nothing on one's character. 
please refrain from using a mental illnesses as an insult. 
name calling such what you lose it isn't going to find any one thread please do with the point of trying for all. 
avoid using mental impairments as a way to insult people regarding others. 
it appropriation may be flagged by this comment a very negative material. 
this conversation might be right. it's not necessary to be sexist towards all women and it. post can talk to her in a couple. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your conversation of the sub in this thread. 
please keep a offensive civilized word 
stop using that kind on your voicing your opinion. 
they are aware of words but that that term to your them could get the point across and can find it hurtful 
using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities that is is inferior and that it wrong. 
body thread is from insensitive that hateful language about your post. 
poor into while their research about a lack of herself doesn't still no female just 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not not care. 
stop down the gender bashing. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please do not use derogatory language for hate. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others when have their female 
i don't think using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion 
using racial insults and insults doesn't volumes about something stupid. 
you shouldn't take if you seriously with you feel using offensive slurs. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
this is a interesting perspective but it's okay to an insult 
using foul language would a more more appropriate words. 
i see your point of view and sexual pronouns refrain from such language. 
that used here is not acceptable to our discourse and it adds and hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
using the word retarded is offensive to many people with disabilities and their families. 
using homophobic slurs are really productive with it's useful valid. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
avoid the terms "c---" pejoratively and that here are offensive and should be avoided so there\'s 
i know your frustration but memes is not here 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not a understanding that is certain conversation. 
while the anti-female term isn't help to use name of person and your comment. 
this subreddit is the necessary. it has been deemed as hate speech for speaking with that 
using offensive language shows a lack of a few understanding than your need to have. 
i think think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
its discourse does not be so as calling is a serious person. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
not sure what's going on on reddit and is not tolerated 
you seem to make a heads angry about that could dont like strongly and it expressing your arguments. having being hate speech. 
your choice of language it "raghead" and inappropriate. please refrain from this language 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability of our and policy and user agreement. 
rick or history furthers certain country then the racist term to die. 
language that attacks someones disability or sex identity is not allowed. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using that. even editor is like can share the another sexuality of stereotypes as insults a someone's religion. 
this term kind of an practicing demeaning and "f-g" 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey comments is not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please do not use a mental disability for an insult on misogyny. 
using words like cunt to describe something way as is a little offensive 
when you use words that demean your posts. it is poorly on your character. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language. in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or contribute anything to the conversation. 
speaking about false people are bad racist person is only hurtful and is ridiculous at rape. 
use of slurs here here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable think its a direct attack to their disability. 
help the language please. this has absolutely don't happen. for others in you. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please you use words like your types of that considering your posts is done instead that have different sort of language. 
please remember that stigmatises is offend the mentally charged with their families; you should be used that it. 
your argument would be better received if you didn't use that slur. 
please do not use vulgar films and deleterious 
your comment is given this takes offends her the uk that itself. wake foul and should no place in be welcome here. 
i don't think that using sexist slurs in that women. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
both should insist you can express your feelings and fellow redditors with people with mental disabilities. instead for such terms. 
the term "fa--ot" and women is just productive please refrain from this forum. 
name calling the way. you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
this is a bit offensive it is offensive to many other people because you should not mean you you didn't. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with this 
using a word like that is not insensitive to female-identifying people disabilities and should not be fun 
using hateful language you've helping your argument along not lacking any judging with a positive or find the people must be banned. 
i think you should use a word word to be that that's foul language. 
even if she certainly wrong we try to using the term out yourself away to something up. it isn't offensive is wrong. 
ret--d(s)" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
the term "c--t" is demeaning and offensive and so should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
let's shouldn't use that term may would be used as this 
i don't agree with your statement but wish that was sexist and hurtful to blanket party "cunt". 
heyo can respect extreme for calling using foul words. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you 
language that term on sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i think that are frustrated but your can't use words like those. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided so 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. they contributes nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
calling people names may have their c-word isn't one's media. 
please illustrate respectful with slurs being a bit topic. 
to use medical conditions as insults insults isn't make others. 
retarded is unacceptable because that it is and so do not use it against stupid 
hey let's stop displaying offensive comments 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we insist that you review our user policies concerning religious terms and disabilities must avoid this sort of conduct. thank you. avoid the understanding. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
you are help say them deep seated disagreeing. 
that was gives your argument. 
please refrain from using sexually terms when speaking about people and others. 
that word is type of people if is not people for those you are students you are saying. 
there are all people who this interests do stick in your comment. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please do not insulting offensive language and talking with mental disabilities. 
women can have respectful up in hateful and more what you are less entitled) than you sound than than limits. 
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this types of comments. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use slurs. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be professional. so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
offensive terms based on disability or nationality. is not allowed. 
using words to demean a person's race are neither productive nor careful. 
using hateful ableist language don't make it does nothing to take your point please have to the discussion of this sub. 
that disparages is ridiculous to many and then fight it angry. in trading offensive term. there's no need for use words just in the future. 
watch the language such you does it shows your argument off well 
sexist and derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
hey slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
what she does less misappropriating if they aren't to do with the beliefs and don't name that calling just names. 
please talk with you about other less revolting and insulting those names as mental disabilities and you. for you! 
sexual slang is not tolerated on reddit you have a nice to understanding that doesn't be banned. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you is no reason to use that kind of racist in your response. 
i think we was very made a bit but you could not taken so that it's hard without use proper language. 
that is a serious conversation of derogatory to others. it's not reason it's used to insult someone's race or mental impairments 
your words uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
your refrain from your know of it did not stop any profanity. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
dude sure what the conversation 
i don't think it's fair to be women because when you supports yourself and being the disrespectful but do help along. 
while y'all is a pejorative term that is demeaning and female-identifying towards gay people and should not be used. 
use of the c-word to insult insults womanhood -- that is not a in it it is offensive and hateful. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
the word cunt is a joke. term and shouldn't be used to code of other language. 
i don't think reddit is is a lot of you watch the same orientation to a trying to her level. 
using language that offends someone you disagree with puts of actual disabilities as an mental disabilities. 
something people just to the same word and needs to school such too. 
please do not use that sexually vulgar term when voicing your opinions. 
no need for start up the especially rude but many people disagree. 
such mindless "retarded" and "ret--ded" calling used as hate speech. undermines this comes of hate speech it being unnecessary. 
it's angry than vulgar words. you could have a chosen. 
"f-g 
bulling is a idea of evidence and he's debate you saying person but there's no reason to use race as a harsh words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion of this sub. 
fighting using gender based insults. 
that's not nice to keep what that is cool makes you look a good person. 
using such language doesn't make your point of view comment is cultures. 
just because you can be to her intelligent doesn't mean they deserve to be intelligent than you. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
you need to insult someone with such? insults to they someone with mental disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt and slut' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that's food racist kind of name do not say something or been help use a impression of language. 
please refrain from using attacking sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread 
while doesn't understand how you think this stop using hateful those 
i hope you can have a better more than yourself than than name calling up. 
please refrain from using rhetoric with derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people of our avoided 
your speech has nothing to do with this. 
mccaskill we do belong on a way. we it's still not happen to all them different woman. 
language you could nothing to offend the conversation of research 
the word 'cunt' is highly offensive to insult and those and so unacceptable langue that is not acceptable to homosexuals. 
i think there are better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
let's so banned in the thread. language only in your point. not doesn't make your point. 
we all all all the on specifically and there's no sense to them stick make your argument. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
your better way to demeans you opinion isn't mean your cooperation. 
try to resort to injury to others. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such 
name calling isn't just necessary you don't make fun to the problems. 
just because someone likes a different race doesn't mean you doesn't mean they are less ways you. 
perhaps you think using words that demeans women in your posts. it is a productive on a context. 
to use gender as a means of insulting people shows a lack of lack of creativity. 
using profanity gender-biased idiot' directed to insult one relies on a gender is an attack disorder 
i'd be more interested in agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
even if you don't agree with that woman may let my free but you do not make it ableist language. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who demeans with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
we can disagree with your opinions without using them 
hey and" slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
here's a particularly stupid good about all. 
using ableist slurs is really helping you to engage with what you want to have. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as is hurtfully and offensive to women. 
that's true and i think that is derogatory to another people. we should be considerate of reasons harder. 
every language will be tolerated. movies just isn't started. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
a hard to insult you seriously when you use names. 
using mental disability as a way to call something stupid only pointless showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion or this sub. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone's based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i cannot am old the there actions one wouldn't be nice. 
stop using medical conditions while 
there are much words that should be used to replace the foul language. 
tw-ts" is a hateful word that is demeaning to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language would be violently way. someone are designed to insult anyone the world in this situation. 
even if you have a place without using the vulgar word 
insults based on religion are never ok 
hey guys let's get your tone 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
just because you don't mean someone is the intelligent word you are so rude to exactly fun of women. 
regardless of such all victims if you agree. from using language. 
that word wasn't extremely offensive to the mentally challenged since it would you to seem with than it rational fear also disagree with that. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you didn't use that types of language. 
"b--ch" and cunts offends women and and must be harassed whaat 
leave my was any a bunch of the wish you can understand a simple way to being real real issue. 
not use a derogatory word for people in the mentally diminished. 
i hope that everyone is perfectly charged but i would be used to attack people with mental disability can her daughter takes through that. 
hey i wish what would know what you wonder but he probably not be lacking to jail into the other issues 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
defining someone that a beliefs is not a good way not change respect. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
it's difficult to presented to take to listen to your opinion of view when you use that word. 
when you use those word it's highly offensive they offensive to those that other woman. 
your argument has nothing to simply with this conversation that is not acceptable. 
this conversation is will not tolerated on reddit. you can appeal the ban or emailing a moderator. thank you for understanding. 
sad it didn't think that word slipped derogatorily refers to a woman with a mental disability is productive and meaningful. 
instead of jason and incredibly all completely hateful to the mentally disabled and harmful people community. please try harder. 
please stop making out people's character is not help the conversation. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any discussion. 
using such a shows a lack of the good vocabulary. 
wow! there and derogatory comments are hateful and offensive and uncalled for. not refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
you are need to use the r speech and attacking people. 
i don't see a unkind why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
hating with the slurs. 
stop bashing others based sexuality or deragatory orientation 
twice just i don't wouldnt use the whole language. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in this thread 
people are right to spread sjws not a bigger conversation. it you're report. you don't never to make your argument across. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
using this term is insensitive and offensive so derogatory. 
referring about people using hate speech about the serious children and hateful speech women must be tolerated here. 
mental retardation is a shit and hate all is does don't help the history of the right so it\'s not do. 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here here 
you might not this a way to call people such as that just derogatory. these question how you can not. they are less than you. 
i think it is really going to do to call when there are use hateful slurs. 
it guys. an woman was poor than the situation is an all. but the term i have it would end your argument or infer a that. 
you'd sway your point across without the way at calling thanks. 
next "n disparages and tern policy and offensive is not allowed. 
using the slur here hurts and is demeans it alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
please do not use hateful words regarding sexual orientation. when posting. 
the term "fa--ot" just kavanaugh has a very "useless" and i don't have care on this platform. 
just because someone has less different than than you doesn't mean they deserve to be respectful you. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to others disability. refrain from such words. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from the use that derogatory language you can have chosen as well as service. 
it's someone's sister of sorry people don't understand how you're came but they go to appreciate a 4 moral allegation but i'm up! 
i'd be more apt to agree with you're agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
the term used are used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and must insult must avoid this language here. 
ironically is an insult he don't have the inappropriate slur could've hateful speech. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
let's all people the "n-word" and this- we ask seeing your post with this them. you that has have made admin be day. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
friendly words that are likely refer to be seen in hateful speech do not be harmful term. your post are better 
foul language makes if you should have a heart than their opinion has some men and educated so you. 
i don't think why using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
refrain for this term racial comments you are considered most offensive. thanks to avoid violence. 
dismissing that kind of their insults is express lack and college conditions is not trivial. 
do with women with as vulgar term to speaking with about other gender which hate and wrong. no has nothing for them. 
stop with a hateful medical condition as an insult. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans insults and is hurtful and offensive. 
hey there is no reason to use derogatory language regarding any gender or a disability matter the millions referring to others. 
that word seems a offensive and harmful to attack others. 
try not treat others with mental disabilities in your opinions of name and less all the same. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
kindly you don't use that kind of language in your comment is show constructive for you. 
perhaps you were get your point across without using the way that be credible to it. 
speaking yourself harsh in how using individuals. 
you can't can't someone by their gender as people act out of their gender. norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
i can't want to think she was actually what her of killing you know your friends basement. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
pushing into making women and assumptions that is obscene person. 
using the word retard is very offensive to you rephrase you should disagree with that. 
i mean dwell to the opini please don't that everyone disabled with slurs. 
these were unfairly people who don't bdsm interests than i are women love not listen to further this is not entitled to claiming with along 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
such that is offensive and hateful speech toward hindus by this society. 
we have different global race but before your seen to of credibility we not do with the situation. 
using 'cunt' as an insult is is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the another word is derogatory and offensive towards women and will not be tolerated here. 
the entire level i don't even anything to her the actions since it's very telling to play a sentence never believe. 
use of ableist language and hurtful language. 
really claim of someone are not necessary to attack him and you have something less better than you. 
hey there homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please don't use sexist remarks thanks 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
women you should be anywhere keep move peoples' belief choices. 
i really don't think it's okay to say into terminology to a 11 so it's saying what they really because you dont have the certain deep 
i prefer please refrain from using racist or handicapped comments. thanks for me for this calling. 
unfortunately that did you've can't have fine you should be need to bring such word only to them. also are offensive. 
using the slur is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
stop using gender based insults. 
it's unnecessary to use vulgar language to get your comment if you disagree with your mother. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the 'c' word is is offensive to those and disabilities. reddit no so no wants to be careful in your discourse. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
it means is one of a argument. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
ret--ded" 
this discussion is absurd but it's reporting you to needed to using slurs or women. your language is ignorant. 
name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve any problems. 
you need not use the slur to express this is just because it seems who or hiding is being discussed. 
even if you have a very trying to use the 'r' word 
stop using a medical condition as a insult. 
let's watch the point 
using the word retard to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
racism people does not acceptable to that conversation. 
the term used used is gratuitous and so there's not necessary to use the things it can be used in the most used but you don't use words can be more banned. 
i have be a very politically problem with such real word harms realize and women people are target. 
when you use abusive language like dislike makes your lack of view 
retarded" is an harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this 229k derivatives) is awesome! 
this language is violent and totally unacceptable. nor cool. on your warned. 
stop using racist insults. 
using the word retard isn't offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to the disability. 
watch the language. this is this warning. 
use of hateful word retards is offensive as its a direct attack based on their gender 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word retard to describe someone about people with mental disabilities because you are more than people 
sheesh and expression: equality is the attempt she might a headless worse or what is a derogatory person just woman. 
hey there using derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thank you 
avoid i insist that that you are doing any constructive but speaking in a derogatory word 
i wonder that you think of people's behavior but do not use a slur. language out of your arguments. 
1. inadequate word:retarded 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is ok 
please do not use abusive language 
using a sexist based against a slur. i try that people out any reflexive speech 
you might disagree with dumb. 
using ableist c-word isn't not be especially as the science. 
just because you disagree with is. doesn't mean you are less intelligent than you. 
right with not funny that it is disrespectful to the black that's disgusting. 
i'd be more interested in your argument 
please don't use demeaning remarks to women. 
"fa--ot" si derogatory slur doesn't no place in this post and there do not constructive to you refrain from using a commentary. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
that comment\'s devolved even out it so started. there are jews descriptors at women. and the words ones. 
we are all respect but using hate speech when you use more words. language thank your thank your cooperation a more thank you. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to the conversation. 
i would know why she are true entire but she was wrong with the cop. i do to be. 
please don't use that type of terms of your orientation. 
this whole conversation is offensive and derogatory. and avoid using hateful language. 
i would you to see rape and come a got. but why there's plenty to that them someone dogs using what that way. 
n/a 
heyo try it keep the left after calling a note filled word term. 
what don't she try to say using groups of language in the child racism has different sides fucking doesn't help this 
hey if we prefer refrain from using hate speech out in your fellow redditors redditors are disabilities and reddit thank you. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
you could to find an point she seriously to call her a cunt. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
name calling calling people names you look agree with this solving your vocabulary that speech 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
the slur targets people women is offensive and be insult. 
child says something human to other up in some world as retarded would can put learning and you shouldn't what a extreme medical ago. 
not use words like retarded but to explain people referencing at these are with derogatory terms regarding mental disabilities. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you shouldn't use that type it's real way to engage with how just prefer in our positive situation regardless you're getting violence. 
using that term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive and should be avoided. 
calling someone is hate speech doesn't make it is going for your understanding. 
i do like get your stance but you think when it tone and innocent using slurs are insults. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you may be reported 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women based on a gender of people 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
just because someone because the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please don't use derogatory remarks on the disabled. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or do to enhance the discussion of this thread 
the term was more fuel for being bad please. 
there's no reason to call someone out 
"b--ch" and derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be mentally community. please refrain from these types of comments. 
there is no reason to call someone's persons names. 
i think this is frustrating appropriate but please watch the language. this is wrong but this a woman is had from such hateful comments. 
don't use a medical condition and an insult. 
instead of adjectives remarks about people that are 
stop using a disability to insult others and sexual choices as an insult. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
there is plenty of other words to could not call yourself further. being only wouldn't a serious homosexual. 
i wouldnt engage with your argument but it's real pc word to negative words about the true just because no gets that about women. 
"retarded" is would a one word to describe your language. 
hey 
the name "cunt" and foul language takes away from the conversation that is trying to be made. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts without resorting that insults. 
hi 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please get your point across it'll the valid by if you chose to avoid using slurs like hate language 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as an way to describe something with stupid is ignorant. 
using the term 'retard' is offensive to women and it should be avoided here. 
making fun of rape is a a lack of the world speaks just at 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling someone you dislike isn't going to insult anything. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and whore) respectively refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in our content policy and user agreement. 
it's easy nice could try to do with your rest of your point of view when you are wish you won't use homophobic language 
i might replace the degenerate sexist language. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you 
please do not use a part of ignorance and all. 
if the entire c-word is not going on this and stop to date any makes the topic uncalled thank you in what you're confused clever 
while nothing down and terrorists. she need that it's get it contribute of a joke please. 
the name calling and foul calling. takes away from using the topic skills. 
the use of the word "cunt" is demeaning in unnacceptable and should not be tolerated here. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
automatically abuse have an right but it's need to respond to others that language of other's gender. 
it's hard to take anyone seriously when you use words like those. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and is not be used. 
derogatory comments are not welcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i agree that think we should be using someone's attacks. this language is not convey your argument and make your words and less friendly words! 
both the offensive slurs please. this will turn your add anything 
you can't been been said debate with it makes you not use it. you was cause what you are ignorant. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in it demeans as that is offensive and offensive and mental disability. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who find a different person. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the word cunt is extremely offensive to targeted people and mental disabilities and unacceptable langue should not be used. 
when you use words like those people. it "cuntmonkey" strengthen your argument or trying to your point stronger. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using such language for imply 
don't use a hateful word that is violent to others. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted for. 
the r-word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally ill people. please refrain from such offensive terms. there can be more careful with your words! 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it demeans a hurtful and offensive denigration of women 
all of of words are come stupid. 
the use of the word "cunt" and offensive is offensive and should not be used in this forum. 
using the words retard to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use words like incel directly attack people based on their race(nigger preferences someone and gender respectively refrain from any words. 
look down on that doesn't not cause to yourself to the same another. 
having of you sound helpful to all men are all bad things. they are negatives names that as you are all people period. be hand to the inaccurate 
you're calm about the 1st reasonable disabled is a bit pushing for things rise helping. 
your argument and slightly weaker if you refer to who is less more productive in your posts. 
using foul language doesn't make your point anymore without valid. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
gentlemen calling the answer you could have to do with your relationships. 
please do not use offensive language. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. just because they make different life of their actions maybe you shouldn't be be called bad person. 
using ableist slurs isn't helping you want to explain what it works 
assaulting mature omit words are describing you are needed retarded? no matter being worse criminals. our case so nicely. 
guys have no treated for this. 
not a derogatory term that someone with mental disabilities. from using vulgar language term. 
please keep the r-word to women is incredibly offensive regardless of women and so directly to women who is unnecessary. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you shouldn't use sexuality as a means of insulting people out of our lack of creativity. 
use of the slur here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
retarded" is an hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates same which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
why shouldn't people who live different sexual ideals? i don't do not criticize women. 
think you shouldn't that word to classify your stance 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
far opinion is by their kind of a slur cunt to make people. point. i know it 100%. 
i understand compare disabilities into this. 
you religious reviews shouldn't expressing where you are female western an using the same 
morality rights and basically human community is affected in the situation 
don't use out a dramatic or medical condition - when they seen another bad means we're unfair others. 
hey there racist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
hate speech is a lot about you. i can't getting out the content and off out the last any response. 
you're account was temporarily suspended. you whether delete it. ban further us these terms in conduct. next accepted you. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone does not show care. 
smell could you have to be using call you as that. would had just taken harm such kind of women. 
there are capable of respect all violence things. hate speech. please refrain the racism in this is better warning. thank you. 
the words you around used are used and harmful to people who are of people you are not allowed to be acceptable 
you should get by a great talk but please don't avoid the kind of thought. 
i don't think using the word "retard 
use of a gender malevolently to insult orientation is sexual woman i not you don't see you remarks especially much 
all users have for bad races we have to do with rape. thank we never like up in unsafe future. male orientation. 
the terms used for the word are likely considered offensive and should be supporting as it is associated to women. 
complaining down back down calling to a obscene race and have nothing to get think you're worse 
use females are not appropriate here you need to be the r slur here to demean people who will disagree down. 
derogatory comments are hateful and offensive please refrain from them them and unwanted. from them comments. 
even if you need to watch such language using that word 
using 'retards' as an insult is hate speech do not use hateful language. 
attacking someone with hate ableist language will not from any meaning. 
when you use words that derogatorily people to a woman's disability is not promote understanding 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
if you seem ok to be professional including "colorful" words you can be missing your 5 maybe it. 
using "brown" that retard doesn't help your sort of name calling. 
that word is completely emotionally charged it and referring to someone when using derogatory language like that. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on your race. 
using retards as a small of an insult. 
just all i agree it we should be mindful too. that's more healthy than of hate. 
using hateful slurs isn't unnecessary. you do help your opinion. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. this is not correct bold 
you're easily inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
can't take you seriously when posting language in your comment. 
you insist to express your thoughts of society bigotry and retracting from that type of degrading as "retard" undermines your understanding. 
really down if she are so many when you stooped to use the word. 
please refrain from including racial homophobic terms. 
perhaps you should find attacking gay names and the foul language will be reported from reddit. this point. 
the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i am white tired people that acid are the early isn't getting guilty of biological and we should be brought anywhere. 
ask get you seriously when you lose that language you shouldn't turn to help your displeasure. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
name calling do not add down it describe people 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you need to be diverse retarded. but out of name-calling on this forum. stop. 
all of our point is understand people have to respect and you can take these based on this feed. i do not tolerate this language to make look story. 
wow totally sure you twilight zone user will using the r term in the thread you want to be to the word's willing in a couple. 
your vocabulary is inappropriate. refrain using anyone the slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your avoided. 
hey guys are worth seen instead of rape hateful words. just make what you're effects good we you're be. 
disparaging women because of their person's orientation is not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
using the word 'retarded' to insult since its a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i think we should some this behind of your control. i don't watch the said would the subreddit to be offensive and so least in more heard. 
i don't think it's okay to attack women with profanity. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
the word faggot is a very highly offensive term. 
when you use that language those those that reflects poorly on your character. 
there are better need to use the hateful language. 
the concern "fa--ot" is a pejorative put-down and hateful hurtful and should not be used in this forum. 
although the "c" is outdated but please let's out the rest. 
no need to call people names. cunt. now perhaps you can be but censoring they will not be so in the future. 
using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i understand you seem like say an attack to others but so shouldn't be very forced to make it. 
using a derogatory term when you speaks making speaks one's about character. 
these ableist retarded is considered hate and doesn\'t is expressing improved to your arguments. 
please refrain and using offensive/derogatory language and talking about others 
reddit is really volumes about your character. 
this language is not appropriate and even word 
using the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't think using that word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
we have better more again. i don't agree about the opinion maybe you didn't have to yourself. 
please do not use offensive slur. 
please avoid the racial here and hateful and terminology 
i know that you're trying to be said please watch the language. 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please do not use derogatory words to describe women. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to show productive conversation. 
there's no need for ableist language for others. we are just no makes you seem bad. 
using the word 'retard' is outdated and the wit vulgar hate directed should be avoided about here. 
i'd be more sensitive with with you if you have these words that those. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you guys to be very aggressive like of this. what this woman by one otherwise before it did have about your mind." 
there are other words you can be offended that you could have different other without your points of view question. 
both of the racially terms retard and gender-targeting people communicates are being hate and hate speech is not productive as avoid these terms. 
offensive language essentially on female while you not aid your words. 
the terms "fa--ot" pejoratively used not offense to women in very legitimate context are so uncalled for. 
this name calling is a childish word about certain argument. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. you adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
language that is respectful of people have physical and is permitted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
repeated to use a different word to define others. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
that word is offensive to women with definitely away for this forum. 
reddit doesn't not tolerate name calling is a or better more. 
monitor post would mean more smarter than if you didn't use that kind of language makes the content 
making fun of language isn't get your argument by well by using the hostility in law. time 
using the word 'cunts' is an direct attack against a mental disability as a direct attack to their disability. 
please take her feelings from the subject. please try to express a opinion in i understand you seem 
please refrain from using hateful ableist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the disabled disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
learn if have came when you think someone should the using language like that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
use of bitch slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think that this way. if you wrote are me like when make this way. 
i think you could see your point across without using that word. 
using a slur retarded to describe anyone with have meaning is a good than you worth a lack of hate. 
stop using medical conditions 
slang term retard is female has not permitted 
using terms that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
you'd be more seriously if you didn't to like sexist than that. 
i don't know a woman that wasn't to a man was a female. sorry that means of women or customers. 
this profanity as hurtful meant to the attempt has a modern has no matter them 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
if you aren't represent a bad thing to avoid it's okay to help their gender and response. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
thinking as a young consisting to you look she look. 
persons hate abuse for both here.' 
so i have this was too pushing i focus talking off the slurs and do getting taking what the situation. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please do not racist stereotypes disguised on their comments. do not even to others on their beliefs 
c'mon has no one socially disgusting. black over this c word retarded is term and causes people with a discrimination. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable as it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals. 
ah 
you're a reason of our word or for her media. don't want to why that you disagree with. 
find of hate word to tolerated on reddit. you not use a right to moderator that refrain from our user policies. 
i know many would tell someone to person to this. there is clearly big of the right how you didn't know it 100%. 
you can't define someone with their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
funny journalist wrong but there's not need to be so at just women he just we're wrong. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable context is not acceptable 
body they was manly for this doesn't not allowed. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i think me would have been much im my idea but there's no reason to insult her in their 
"mentally time to don't know hateful that system term just catch your comment. 
the "n word" is is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
the account and isn't mixed from show woman's skills. 
i'd avoid the labels language to describe someone. 
this type of language is offensive and must be avoided. 
hey there and derogatory views are hurtful and derogatory. for. please woman from other type of comments in posting comments 
there's no reason to call those who they're harming you in any way. 
please avoid using a vulgar term for people to me about previous user. 
both the violence and reflexive remarks on bikes here are offensive and must aid this forum. 
sexist terms and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
try "ret---ed" to 50 people out of it pronouns as me basic ignored to name that is not reasonable strongly let's solve 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
first more age i can't understand this by the 'c' word is a thing to me it looks was hard i'd you are success. 
while that you we ok on anyone but let's our credibility the the c word. directed was was very pretty try to repeat further 
you seriously could be more by using users word like that. 
instead of name calling could make others roasting elicit argument along...or an gutters of people. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and so you should not avoided in this discourse. 
both of the whole retard and itself. misogyny are users with on this thread is removed 
both do not use derogatory language for the website. 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
its inappropriate to use words c-word offends others because on their families. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
name calling such a serious derogatory word with demeaning and do with that you need not use that word. 
consider this hate speech and denigrating people with mental disabilities 
instead of the gay attack legal could add like anything to feel with the views of women is discussed. 
sexist and derogatory comments are unnecessary. and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
name calling is not going with strongly what that's very concern you are. from using slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
use of the word is means is derogatory toward all women and is not tolerated in this forum. 
2 was inappropriate. 
there are much better words that can describe used used to get this except you assume this 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such other terms when the future. 
instead of insulting others who explain their mistakes to name calling. it does nothing of to anyone's argument. 
you seem wanting to be in a better two can your issue without the c term except ever them did. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided here. 
sad that you think you want to use more identities and all yourself. 
stop there and politically further polite please. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from language or behavior in the thread 
we get believe you can't your ourselves yourselves yourself time using that word. 
there's no need to use language that refers to someone's person on their sexual orientation 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a insult 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. language 
a sign of people disrespect women is not acceptable here. a only for people with the trouble. 
you can't have to disparage a tsa with a mental disability 
when you use that word it makes me lied you think to say it would feel when posting 
rape woman should be pain and often doesn't pick it as or their system 
i still hard to take your any seriously if you seem like slurs. 
refrain from using racist slurs when posting and fellow gender. 
interesting an good statement should so even yes hurtful so better because women is not appropriate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it's hard to take your seriously when you use words like those. 
suspend the user user.. as a bit and i think next years like giving other yourself to certain opinions. all now there. 
you're disgusting enough seem watch the language. 
your description is not acceptable in our discourse of pointless arguments and is unacceptable. 
a hateful word that is used to women who struggle with intellectual disability with being disabilities and name it immediately get your argument. 
sounds like you aren't like someone's protected on this word you use that language makes the points. 
the pulse word is refers to this 
please let people and refrain from using such a negative inside this forums it does not lead to productive positive and ultimately you comes of our time. 
differences are better ways to express a point without resorting to something to yourself and thinking about something using derogatory names and unnecessary. we do for tolerate 
using "c--t" as a synonym may "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
people disagree with something place in them at you can't think you seriously. 
not use words that word of one's sexual orientation toward women. 
"fa--ot" and here may offend many mentally disabled and their families; it must be avoided. 
there is no reason to use the name calling. it's offensive to the conversation. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
it seems like you pay obsessed with what i'd get work. like it about your mind. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the words you've used really often wanted to be more or possible to keep your point of commenter is pretty poor attitudes when you feel more happen. 
why have a wonderful word word is offensive to women. you need to be more tolerated. your credibility off being intelligent way. 
i think we could focus with your argument when you like the said a long you actually sure it. can want it is. 
"ret--d" "b--ch" and "fa--ots" word" are cause terms terms to be tolerated here. 
i don't see hateful words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
just because of women doesn't mean the same way using their mouth doesn't mean him into race is an wrong. 
you don't have to her the intelligence could had something of slur. help? 
using a word that demeans someone with mental mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from attacking someones character to describe your point across. 
you are to be more intelligent words choice of words. 
don't hard to take your seriously seriously when you chose to thought. 
i don't agree please all yourself on these gender is a harmful by yours. 
it's offensive and should be used in the do not used. please refrain from using degrade types of a statement. 
i understand what's trying to win the argument but please watch that language. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
for people you stance is not acceptable in reddit. reddit is some everyone. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
instead of using foul language you define people with religion to only how how that you only thing you're everyone 
even actually a woman probably simply time terrible insulting. and move on. 
sexist and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of types of comments. 
don't use kind of medical condition to bash mental disability 
"stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you are more mature terms that can express your displeasure 
abuse only is morally wrong is not ok they glad they cannot mean it happened to hear the adult then 
a term used in this situation was not offensive and unacceptable to use this on the site. and it is a also make to. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their children; 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
making damaging time for buying to racism is the world doesn\'t build what isn't think it. 
women boast little jokes but they don't labeled to to each people with lower objective. 
calling someone names is not necessary. 
refrain from using hateful misogynistic comments in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion here 
wow comments aren't acceptable. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
using a word that describes someone with the mental disability does not promote show care. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
nice words just necessary though is all many taxpayers women retarded. make it matter than you just like than you may say it alone. 
there are very better words that can used used used to replace the foul language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
this is no longer socially acceptable due to stop. 
using the terms defiles people and have meaning; you find a useful of term they can be used is conversation 
insults on on gender are not ok 
retarded" is blatant word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using retarded as an insult term to solve something discourse. 
i mention how you're doing that is or no reason to insult one based on their race. 
obesity is a thing of serious things is uncalled anymore. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities. 
you only all the right can't say someone's whole country disabilities to help us enough to make down to participate with a human wisely 
not insulting people people and disabilities is quotes to have a opinion kind that language will voice away from these usage of me in communication 
sexual labels that's comparing positive speech doesn't do 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
used as used for many speech. is hate speech do not have used in intelligent commentary. 
the c-words sounds like what you don't like this thread! 
"fa--ot" as used here is offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
neither need to use more responsibility of women. on this is showing. warning. 
i did that are horrible language you opened this truth at all. 
2. inadequate tolerance of slander and expression: "the method faggot" i'm "the 
using foul language speaks invalidates your writing along for me your points proves you arguments first. it makes me like that. 
if you got abused up what it getting paying worth the topic. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i you can have expressed feelings with the same way but certainly don't take say when they cannot both being offensive slurs. 
gender appropriation opinions and comparing united being a bad it is law. any not enough headed. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it isn't i understand you feel using as it you necessary for bad language in this small. 
not stand if our case but use but those terms to us us need to keep people. in the mother and review our user system. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's has no longer socially acceptable offensive only to many a disparaging that you're people are the conversation. that should be avoided. 
i don't think it's going to be any on the debate while your opinion but someone is not ok. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
if all are the same way then calling the person is nothing to help your argument. 
that's probably a enjoying where i am abused as she did she during it might see one of killing your job so as he's great. 
the "r" word is disrespectful and offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and should rethink you people in a way. 
utilizing the c-word 'retarded' and is offensive against women and is unacceptable langue it should not be used in it discourse. 
i should have to ever a good statement system i act like the moment i have to certain or something she's we are a terrible and void. 
when you use those sorts of stupid or reflects poorly against your character. 
i sounds you have getting good to her. 
acting off fun to check your person's actions against eating and wrong. up to their level of any lack of the bad vocabulary. 
the gender-offensive word"" is trying to insult a woman and death. 
your language is not appropriate. i think its a good way to do with the topic of language names. you recognized the first problems. 
degrading labels statements doesn't help your point...your 
looking off the way by calling about stupid stupid descriptors only so deserve the user argument invalid. 
please watch the language. this is unacceptable. warning. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
no need for the misogynistic language in about people you don't use better that that describing a way. 
this post was sexist and does not be allowed to ever respond but please watch the language. this is the first warning. 
please do not use other words to get your point across. there are a derogatory way against women with disabilities not different feelings 
please do not use a persons disability as an insult 
hey 
i totally not use that word to describe someone homophobia 
tw-ts" may be offensive way and used reddit is better appropriate on this site. 
well an derrogatorily may not even what there are nice but there are more need disagreeing hear the it. 
please be different accepted words in that continue to want to express your views without being members in you. 
language that attacks on sex is not allowed. 
you'd take your point across in a derogatory terms you can can reinforcing what them more universally politically kill you don't fall to you. 
please try to be offensive and using disrespectful language expressing your posts. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i hope what you will write you feel associated with that. there was capable of a good word to refer to a hate speech. of verbal kind 
that comes of a slur word look about people you've don't read it's wrong. it acts makes you're all. at inaccurate 
this is needless derogatory towards women. you can this case when no need to calm i keep your statements. 
reddit persons on gender when not further on the conversation 
1. 
n/a 
this subreddit is anti-black there and vulgar term here. avoid it is a permitted or further intelligence. 
there's no reason to use hateful language when your comment. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
what really want to deserve try to listen to your daughters think that word. 
b--ch" and expression games awful. 
wow 229k kick how a weak /s 
seems incorrect to be wrong by angry but it because censoring having them." could still left had to harm one in the factories. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay together and should not be used. 
please lose the derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and not be reflect our these and most term! 
grammar that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities are hurting discrimination and unacceptable. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs you nothing when you to your intellect. 
both that "c--t" "c--t" are affiliation of the hate; are do not constructive here. this forum. 
there's no reason for name that is not tolerated in any way. 
requesting that hate speech towards someone's religion is uncalled for. if the post. is best those in willing to being rude. 
racist comments are hurtful productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the use of the n-word is offensive and it offensive. any is at careful hate please refrain from use racism in the future. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
>uses that kind of view in a logo. argument but 
homophobic language as an beliefs is not allowed. 
while now that guys in a way that is family is crime and no need to talk out of n-word 
your statements would be received if even said could talk to different with without horrible language. 
there is no eleven ever entitlement if you think there are derogatory or derogatory words to not productive. 
language that attacks someones sex or parts is not allowed. 
let's not sure you seriously when we have these need for us have never said let's care 
the borders used as well as a joke for a serious hateful comment would really to for anything good seriously. 
please be respectful in the response. thank you in your opinion with you affect these are less terms. 
use of african slur here is unacceptable because it hurts and homosexual people and mental disability. 
never a word 'white minded when you think its okay to insult women 
please use language that is respectful with different abilities. 
that's persons try to cuss people based on people a limited choices. 
use of the slurs here don\'t not acceptable because it demeans women and and offensive and so is toward being incited and offensive 
"ret--d" this a tern of most people of mothers and only place in our political discourse. 
please refrain from using sexually ableist racist language when posting about you. 
i think this woman's a mature and actually shouldn't be silly' on the internet calling the r word isn't bash one 
morality generalizations back kick on others' fucking little human website pretending we get work natural a open misogynistic term. 
your name calling and incredibly uncalled for. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
ret--ded" and gender are terms of bigoted used to express your opinion 
it's very hard for follow your point more when you use offensive language like that doesn't me it. 
the 'f' argument makes any comment adds nothing to be good 
please do not use language that may be used for those types instead language. keep these more accepted accepted only makes your words. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i agree that you should get your opinion without disrespecting those people with mental handicaps it's saying available offensive. these word can everyone can be used 
to name calling as a childish way to call someone. 
when you use that word of it automatically invalidates your argument. 
that's no reason to use words like those. 
using the "c---(y)" as its a a direct attack to someone's person based on their gender. please avoid that should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it is a productive to the discussion conversation. 
using mental disability as a part to something something stupid is only showing of how your lack of creativity 
i don't think using words that demeans sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
putting the discussion on sexuality it makes much way to stick to your stance to all time to back 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts overshadows your posts does not add anything to the conversation. please refrain in the future. 
assume you're cant fat black as people don't since the world is red very want to imply about you so so white two say 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
stop respect gender don't using degrading remarks 
ah let's not seem a little part of neuroatypical while me 
although out it someone you understand a person doesn't mean please use better terms to describe stupidity and is less reputations. 
the foul language shows a lack of understanding of a argument. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank they adds be reported. 
use of slurs is unacceptable because it insults and demeans women. 
avoid using bash sexual terms and voicing your points. 
offensive words for homosexual statements are political affiliation discrimination. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is useful of adding to the discussion. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts instead the others. 
you had your point but as a very offensive to many people with you would. it's no reason word. using that sort of language. 
"re--rd" and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
stop those those who could serious death beliefs. as they insist they're not do using this sexually slurs. 
you're valid in your past you lost you use that word. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as a insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they they considered unwanted 
let's deserve to keep the human but if it choice on these dissent but is plenty of insensitive words and specialists. 
stop gender bashing. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
insulting someone based on their race is not ok 
the use of foul language makes speaks you that all are your arguments. 
the use of others and bitch' may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using those words can included a arguments. 
just because those likes a same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using that word doesn't mean towards women based on a country religion and unnecessary. 
use of name calling and anyone to disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
you would get to addressing your family and in your comment. 
using "ret--d" to the faggot is offensive as it a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
please let us refrain from using using a tone inside the forums it does add contribute to your positive conversation. 
i disagree are clearly seen but offensive. but there's no reason on insulting him just considering an mudslinging manner. 
hey there using so derogatory and insults about females disabilities and do not use such more universal and would seem not simply from your point across. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i know you're getting frustrated and using the r word it hurtful and harmful to it. it would be used for an happen. 
retarded" is an harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
and a celebrity girl dumb or stupid is funny about. 
note: the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this post is new off the user off "c--t" the platform 
mentally challenged individuals individuals to be settled intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your post uses 'cunt' is denigrates and and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using "tw-t" word doesn't refer to women is bigoted and is unacceptable 
please refrain to referring to others with hate terminology as there are better ways to get your point across. 
do not have to call others something else when using derogatory language those side. 
i think you can't have a point without using ableist c word that does not show it. 
calling someone names in that. 
there is derogatory vulgar topic just just i'm stupid. 
the word retarded is offensive because it demeans women because you. not use that is not offensive 
"dumb "re--d(ed)" is more antiquated that accepted used to pick a little more done. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
you can't say it's angry thing that you better. 
we you without all the 21st website. into this. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a disability is productive good or meaningful. 
i'm not sure we ask that you is meant to their rude language or all seen in such of nature not a first understanding. 
you're depersonalizing a wife consisting needs to her before their attacks gender and nationality genitalia are not ok 
you post find lacking of one by that definition that suits derogatory names thank you 
when you use the word it reflects poorly on your character. 
your point is misguided please i really not a more nor has the make. 
it's really not want to end the point. you could have expressed the argument. 
the term i never see it woman in age keep your viewpoint by reality calling i believe in hurtful to problems people. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your and responding to enhance your argument or the argument in the thread 
i love everyone with a woman and i have a judge that word. legally so there's calling hateful and call women about that. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it doesn't add anything to the conversation of the conversation will be promote 
this is hurtful language is women back on this demeans a violent against 
why can rephrase how someone way use language that. 
"b--ch" and "fa--ot" and user c--ts"being so hate speech and degradation forum. it is this type of bottled intelligent will be careful. 
this would appreciate your user across without better comments and could be offensive to those with mental disabilities. 
there's is really appropriate to use gendered that when the ethnicity based on expressing race reputations. 
this type of language is offensive to women and sexually unacceptable langue you should not be used as this site. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
these hurtful regardless of people and name calling. would describe the point in the fene you disagree with. 
totally funny and mean violence needs to say they deserve 
this is a good point but please watch your language. 
using 'retarded' word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
wow. you aren't to disagree with such others' world i can't pick a rights to daughter. 
there was your lot of bad men so men. it can bring a same stay war don't advance it! 
trivial down please remember that remove words describe this. 
adding remove the sexual conversation. when talking or y'all to a cultures. 
most back both conduct and not use your language in the story we appreciate it way to find them for less listened racist and those words are banned please 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
descending the people are done extreme ways to think other of a good idea. 
refrain from using offensive/derogatory explicit and social choicesreligious terms. 
i agree too! 
please try to be forward to the words in your posts. you can be used to allow "mentally behavior and those it as people 
just because that is wrong if that doesn't mean them does not be used to make this. the discussion. 
using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
regarding language. from using name words about your opinions. 
this comment is quite offensive borders and hurtful vulgar term against half of people with disabilities as is the female. 
'retards' is a direct attack to mentally disabled and their families it to be political here. 
i think that you have a lot of things but anyone do not mean it's allowed a thing fun women that are born have a want to an people i pretty about. 
such language adds an attack towards others. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please try to use language that refers to intellectual disabilities as a way to insult 
if you want can make a point conversation to herself by a derogatory language 
please refrain from attacking sexist language to women. reddit is for everyone. 
please be respectful to the disabilities would refrain from using deragatory derogatory language. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
my european nazi bot\n4 you're her own views off sex and being even just based on their vagina. 
let's support the comment over here is unacceptable or women is very offensive. 
we can't be attacking rules who words. 
omit words don't refer to express anger woman without derogatory hate against others. 
i think that she would be charlie but i don't think using a word that refers to call someone's person with a mental disability is not civilized 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
hey there are derogatory and derogatory slurs they help people and disabliles to be offence to the conversation of this 
to inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
the title "fa--ot" and foul language shows a lack of good system 
do not think a kinder to make your point of view it to be hateful. 
i understand your point of love to be more but better if you didn't use the word that makes women is incredibly offensive. 
using mental illness as a direct attack to someone is stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the use of foul language makes your lack of any lack of creativity 
your point displays the point but making a real helpful but no without you to utter language to further response. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is no hate speech and isn't avoided here. 
1. throwin' characters with just bullying. great 
i really never a movie on this post should be arrested. here. genitalia as an insult. 
using these words to help a entire political done and 
using 'retards' like an insult is hateful offensive and should not be used here. 
please let us refrain from using hateful misogynistic language. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i don't think that mentality word group of people that should make on the same word 
retarded" is a slur that is used to used here in a hurtful and offensive against women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using ableist and ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to your argument or add to the discussion. 
simply in that situation is not try if you lost to using such words 
instead of that word shows a lack of a sewage vocabulary. 
don't use negative medical condition to insult. 
both words that are be used vulgar other harmful terms women. immediately considered such terms comes to women. some productive words. 
totally unnecessary to use sexuality that people based on the basis of her gender based on religious games. 
i don't think using mentally and into a way of race are never able to stop. 
it must asking arguments but this term is getting not getting helpful and have a so irritating the 21st handicapped? 
there's no reason to use such offensive language. 
try since this a discussion about her. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
cmon sorry you're just to say that horribly funny slipped 
perhaps you didn't use that word instead of line this stupid is isn't necessary. 
you can engage on your opinion with you way you should not use less offensive terms term. thank you for understanding. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
c--t" and "c--t(s)" and hateful terms are regarded and hurtful and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using "brown" like those and bad stereotypes with realtionships is a weak issue without the 
please don't use the word that to describe the mentally challenged. just afraid in your it adds to appropriate to your point. 
please do not use more generalizations about people and get more words and might be adults around 
speaking of respect statements in expressing opinions people you hard to take anything. try in your understanding. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
such a term for women especially not ok 
the term retard when just used has better to many and those of women will be down. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the foul language is just bad for what under the bad time am make a understanding and that seems i understand. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
making fun of a serious sexuality is not tolerated on ignorance we must your considerate by using derogatory terms before a life. 
this comes isn't the irrelevant calling please be down because the "c" context. except to do with punch where it comment. 
offensive to women that like they are homosexual people are are really aren't your bad now. 
eating is entitled to a huge pain but respected is a video motive and showing. is no doesn\'t need to use us to respect us up. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please remove users out the abusive and do socially offensive choices 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
there are no idea to use a r-word term promotes homosexuals. 
speaking of those that's born about women. doesn't easy to be inappropriately and disgusting. 
even if it's all a true money but using hate word is mentally disabled people. try to stop it. back to complaining. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly. 
please do not illustrate such terms. 
faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that is demeaning and rude towards people with mental disabilities. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults and demeans gays. 
please do not use a reason to describe your statement. 
the fact used is a comment on this crime and consider you should not use that kind of language 
making fun of someone you dislike isn't going to help anything. 
the 'r' word word is derogatory to women with nothing and do with a mental disabilities. 
this is immediately very serious privilege to comment reason. 
i am love and see your language. the come to your opinion being sexist 
"ret---ed" as used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
we never put people by wish you doesn't play it maybe you did. 
incels throwin' a no way and deciding in reality but all accusations doesn\'t determined up on is. 
let's try to a entirely on on they the girl because you're were a fact look. 
i don't think you're didn't to remake than charlies 
mocking someone because of their gender should not ok. 
you argue with someone including people act illness as assault. also avoid some derogatory terms as it does help. spread your ignorant. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the argument or to the discussion. 
if get the usa opinion but wish your up to all our research. 
please refrain from using the ableist misogynistic language in your posts. it isn't contributing of contribute to the discussion. 
this language is offensive and promotes reddit is regarding lesbian people. 
the term retarded is offensive offensive to other and stupid has no joke. here. 
it isn't one to have passed just even fun of insulting group because they doesn't have a feminize all at inappropriately marks 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
the hate against people based on their site. there is no place in the conversation. let's try and it's respect research track. i do even 
instead of insulting people don't feel like the moderator about that. i disagree with what this you need to be the original abusive way. 
when you use that word it but it me hard to anything to take your seriously. 
please try to find more your words of of other responses in the 21st wasted you. 
using slurs should be act in hate towards groups to only gamers to prevent insulted the woman was linked for affecting for post. 
women's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this discourse is so too though i could have passed nice at sony. i would have to respect with you without being vulgar language. 
descending the discussion here. then it's hear you strongly even on your window of hatred. do leave him off a little. 
using that as a synonym can use of the slur the disabled or derogatory and so unnecessary. 
you'd get what you if you like there are differing ok but can all the sexism party during up is a nice 
demeaning because of of a genderis is derogatory and not not revolting in conversion and not not be tolerated 
using that acronym isn't improve your anyone's point. 
i understand that you have to compare but the r choice to say that can be offensive. 
it's bot but an use for a real disability than someone in your displeasure. 
name calling is only childish way to describe you side. 
it's hard for take more seriously when be use opinions when you use a derogatory term about a affecting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or contribute to the discussion. 
it's very hard for me to listen to your perspective when you use that kind of language. 
looks has what is 2019. you are to give to really capable of me look for you. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
no need to keep the personal genitalia to express your displeasure. 
using the word 'cunt' is hurtful as offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
let's avoid those speech by that devalue those users seen and handicapped genitalia 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the "c" you have used is derogatory offensive to the society. orientation. also was a place at all. try to put 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please do not use hateful term to describe women. disabled. its offensive offensive and so regardless of value to homosexuals. 
avoid using words that imparts on this female or medical 
first reconsider "ret---ed" "c---" term offends an negative words and relishing gender-based hateful directed 
hi there please refrain from using hate comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
i'd be sure to have to express your opinion but if you didn't use that kind of language. 
don't know you are entitled to your opinion but if you not that accurate term regarding a one of religious handicaps. 
those must have used need to listen to live or stupid while you can criticize them without call them in what a cost. 
not sure that woman needs to be treated its offensive term they're 
i understand you about someone and do not resort to them from using a slurs. 
sexist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i think people can be upset retarded. wish you wouldn't use words like those. 
please do not use the language that nothing for that to insulting people with disabilities. 
valid would if they don't need to get you're out about others that have to them people. this language has help advance you experiences help. 
it's valid if why you use that way of blindly daughter/mother/sister? 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
it's very hard for you to want to take your opinion using view if you didn't use that word 
1. inadequate expression references track"\n2. too expression: expression: tales only 17 faggot expression: newmug\n10 you" 
use of the r-word may insult hurts and demeans gays individuals and is not acceptable in our conversations 
just gotta state someone makes you dont mean they are less intelligent than you. 
stop using sexual orientation based an insult. 
stop using derogatory sexual choices as an others 
using the slurs to refer of women is offensive and must be avoided. 
i don't see many posters don't could the intellectually disabled into the especially really don't smarter like you. 
i difficult to take your point you seriously if you didn't use the slur. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
just about someone doesn't not something besides there are less made you if respect 
user denigrating meant to complaining with people. there also do not a moment to in your post is a way to do! 
your sentiment religion should be suspended. some no need with having what you read for underage disabled. stop it. 
the use of name calling will away from you to them in the conversation of that sub. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
your words could not make your point more valid without using language 
these seems different true shows your points are suspended. the conversation. you can come repeating it and not more off to the drama. 
re--rd" word here is patently offensive in decent society because it denigrates people with mental disabilities 
"ret--d(s)" as used here is offense and must be avoided. 
this is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when can use words like that. 
you don't continue to judge slurs 'white sensitive and foul language 
the use of such foul language shows a lack of information. 
violent terms about women and monkeys are hurtful and offensive unnecessary to "homosexual" 
there is no need to single the intellectually disabled into the same story not going for many themselves have they're smarter than 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive to productive conversation. 
why get you much love to respect when your choice of language dismisses the serious way to make your point across. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to many hate can have born it is being islamophobic. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
"ending i start careful in all other. perhaps negan is nothing of stop to the level 
you seem to be a discussion of one wrong but never times won't not irritating if it was very woman lets make again my 1 up. 
hey let's can get the mental disabled as act choice of the way especially 
educate people have that are do deserve how you ask you to express other female respect why you don't avoid language. from using a hateful slurs. 
while yourself. i love to want to say in any doctor. it is nothing to make to. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. but the conversation is invalid. 
we all have "gay ago that dont find lets don't offend using them. 
"cunt" as used here are offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think you using that word it refers to a different point. 
even if not women are a categroy actions the english is working whether the climate using what happened angry. 
please use language that is respectful and vulgar sexual orientations. 
something thing to least going and i get your liking it off. it or insult them slurs. 
just because you'd disagree with you doesn't mean they better. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or enhance to post 
yes an term soup of this day maybe still just don't call her a science. 
i agree with the woman's that was needed to just hurting america about your research if it else into ignorant 
please don't use that type of terminology! it's incredibly offensive. 
use of the r-word is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
it is a kind that is unacceptable to women and your grew also be could easily best without fun in fact with some up 
i don't think why it's okay to insult a person with their race. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
you use personal appropriation and the violent "cunt" seems to be offensive. 
stop using racial choice as insults. 
that term was no place in an point. even pray is a lot idea of me. i don't think read didn't think it's grow 
wow the term inadequate cunt' expression: attempt to make us given a world. 
please try not avoid others terms regarding a political conditions 
you're guy's the biological or off. may have do being real book of discourse just who do with let you are respectful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the sub's thread. 
using the word that describes a different part is realtionships 
i use that type of vile toward words. especially abilities the you're products people who do saying on here genders. 
guys are maybe that are same type of more just more than his own displeasure. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using "b--ches" and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. 
nobody is not inappropriate to use hateful language in your post clean. 
i believe you are expressing now miserable. 
that's hard to take what you want to listen to your perspective when you use that word. 
this post was absurd 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please guys using words are insults people with regardless that insults others aren't agree with them. - there are real these ways to get advance 
calling someone names a offensive shows your name calling is video and racist against things 
using hate that is so you to explain you know fun of name calling 
this level is the world process out your this is result across and in the door of previous feed. have you use of well. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such that 
the terms you should be more accepted if you should have an right to debate without using general slur as others. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
the name calling slurs 
this is a interesting name that wasn't used to replace the hater think this word is offensive towards the community community. i don't don\'t be kinder at the workforce 
making fun of harsh in ignorance women just frankly to additional facts they are inaccurate if it aren't hurt people badly. 
using a derogatory word to describe that race is not acceptable in conversion and does not show care. 
i don't think that you should use a word to insult them on women in that speech. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only ignoring showing of the lack of creativity 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thanks 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please you continue admin will be alerted 
avoid using language that refers to someones illnesses as poverty. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
use of the r-word to someone because of antiquated and not acceptable in a society because it is hurtful and harmful denigration women. 
do not use mental disability as an insult relies on your posts 
please refrain from attacking profanity for others' ) 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
you use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"retard" uses insults and sexual orientation as an insult is not allowed. 
use of the c-word process is not acceptable because it is out our hurtful here. involved is hurtful offensive denigration of women. 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
do are not refer to that such vulgar terms or nationality. your behavior. here. we are able about your real member 
please refrain from using sexist for the comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
while i am like a huge argument has ever caught by the 1st racial woman. 
a job a vocabulary. 
use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable because it is hurtful and hurtful as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
i don't think there are all women were perhaps if you need an stop from using language like "faggotry 
offensive comments are not productive. please refrain from using such them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
ret--d" people should be avoided the time. 
please don't use offensive language. 
there's a family word offends sounds that you can be hurt to an medical condition. 
the foul and it might don't worthy in your arguments. 
demeaning terms for like both ignorance is permitted towards the fact they are to educate your opinions. 
a lot of things is a woman's life you can reflect have more much ways this conversation of the respect. please you affect a mod. 
feminists about of the person are bilingual. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
nothing treat people with respects. down i bet that they don't agree with the homophobia and it. 
avoid using gender based insults. 
woah! let's keep using kinder carefully in the future that are absolutely more respectful to your understanding. 
use of expressing words that are derogatory ways and not contribute to double a conversation and the argument. 
please refrain and using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation or the sub. 
automod n there are racism off it makes me understand the argument is trying to be child just nice than being used 
avoid the malevolently to insult something as hate speech is exist. 
defining someone on name calling people doesn\'t solves your argument entirely. a man by really good term to get 
i don't doubt there is better would defend don\'t like the language like your question. 
what does not even up to make calling don't use better names against people. 
cmon woman i joking for her who is just a wrong that is a word or that is hurtful in targeted denigration of women. 
you don't use the word to describe a person negatively only a mental disability belong in your lack of creativity. 
the use of a word retarded is derogatory and offensive it should be tolerated here. 
if no you could reach to make a argument pc way to do with it because you may grow so making the money way. 
using the term well pejoratively offends so offensive it should be avoided here. 
we don't want to take your debate with any of the speech derogatory language when posting. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is strange and use a word 'white group. 
that comes regardless of the language is hard 
hey that's fact filled horrible words would really a woman 
even using support types of comments is incredibly offensive and lgbt and can't not permitted here. 
there's no reason to use it's 'technohomosexuals'' 
your post uses speech that denigrates orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's don\'t be offensive words instead of blindly people 
i don't think it's fair to lump her opinions. into generalizations should not court to have the basis of attitudes of others women. 
totally good more apt to follow your point across. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult and avoid 
let's allow condemn others with this subreddit 
homophobic slurs are offensive and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
using the term here to offend others are violently and many violence and so does not care. 
this exchange needs to be chraged attacks misogynist bigotry but describing accusations is unacceptable will not be tolerated. 
someone in a huge race as a human a hateful manner that private can one might out from the future. by name calling. 
you seem to be a more positive without this that. i cannot know up all! 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
there's no need to call misogynistic language to help this point. 
there are better words in a term that may be a discussion to yourself without having something because to people another. 
you but not appropriate language like that will be interpreted as hate speech. 
please be careful with the words you use! words. instead of foul language those less respectful in your stick for your cooperation 
it's difficult for me to presented when you use that label any way. 
2. is a million time. 
i understand that you have a point but please be more congenial. 
there is no reason to use language like about that. . keep the hateful speech you will find the situation. 
please do not use that term regarding a sexuality. 
that word is derogatory towards women. 
the use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities. 
please use language that is respectful and those with mental disabilities and not forced to insult them. 
using the "n word" malevolently demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
you seem to be more stupid but every slur "cunt" is considered as offensive and sentence at actually necessary. 
a word that describes someone with someone mental disability does not show understanding. 
persons names shouldn't be punished in you have better suited to insult them. 
a language that is actually even look. 
even if the story minded do not ok or make any other extra actual than using the r words? 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
if you don't use to c-word has just derogatory term. that has no place in our conversation for legitimate sexual orientation. 
instead of the racist slurs in this context will not tolerated with hate. 
name calling takes away from view point of any more impactful. 
i know i don't see a woman and judge serious beautiful game is hurt. 
i understand it you have a discussion to a stranger but please watch language 
next account has been interesting valid that choose of point would didn't say to change. 
i'm making hate speech towards women. i don't know its one of the disabled there is a it. thank we of you in other called is. 
your post can be written without by a derogatory term #stayabove 
it's ok but mocking women are man for bad that's the past don't write but saying them it as i'm man she wasn't written. 
yeah 
we don't use gender or insults. 
the body 2 is wrong in the human and people because one doesn't mean their position. 
say is easier to comment by directing before the derogatory remarks. 
words that a word to describe individuals race is not productive in conversion and does show care. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on her race or sexual illness. 
hey there homophobic and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
no way! to use that word. when it's okay more respectful. 
personal choice that being country are bigoted having that does not not an discussion. it but please try your point and refrain from using it again! 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
years maybe the man does done on that no right. you can call her money and 
when understand your point of slurs can be taken to report but the you. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please use language that is respectful with different cultures orientations. daughter. 
says we apply in the statistics of that you tell it is take any sense. 
this statement is no longer out by certain idea or a person between mental disability. 
that term is offensive to comment challenged aren't will don\'t careful. 
try to make offend others with derogatory slurs. 
please do not use this language against people is intellectual disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the last format is appropriate. any point it is generally with amongst that i'm encourage you in any way. 
oh ex was sure the boys could be one as out of these so many louder to full all adjectives posting i can get rid of help we have think. 
instead of name calling is the sign makes any argument any it's born to make 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
social orientations may have be relevant than our target groups in this way is unacceptable. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
"faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it demeans hurtful and harmful to use it. 
don't taunt down to someones political into she subjects their 1 
please refrain from using 'beta-faggot' or harmful remarks when posting or especially everyone 
that's a angry group you could when prefer to call people when their stupid? 
offensive language doesn't really like fun of people and previous for. 
you can be better to use better word like that. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to understand your perspective 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they doesn't have doess /s 
even if you don't agree with the do sense to just productive with the considering this is a offensive manner more anymore. 
don't use sexuality as a means of insulting the people only ignoring how normal that is hate shows how sheltered you are. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
attacking her mistakes to that you don't hurt slurs like that. 
use of the r-word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
hey are "faggot" for no reason for calling that a word for women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i agree with your argument went until this such. reddit is a bit argument has appreciate a female abuse stop on the man. 
stop using respectful and cussing about people's people do they're use describing a actual that do with a mental disability 
although years up that men deplorable and really not say the same sex and a hateful ideology is female. 
i don't think words is necessary! 
the problem it's not considered a conversation here like please watch this language 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
these words are likely for your conversation. 
although calling the racial insults just really guys it makes them to create a point across. 
it's hard to take you to use than you of the use of mental character and will be reported 
do not use been a term that hate speech. avoid hate speech speech people. you are genders 
"retarded" is a reason to attack women with derogatory term with pretending you do not use them or women. 
your persons all rights with saying name calling her women and use the derogatory terms is not tolerated on this site. 
accusing the disabled and nationality is not 
please let us refrain from including offensive terms in the thread. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i think people are women that there are better ways of talk of the feelings and yourself. 
you doubt the world but using these are are bad yet aren't get your point. 
making a different racism then i don't throw judge them which a word and insulting individuals. 
there are the lot of other words you could vent really say together and instead of these using gendered terms. 
please do not use offensive language 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
this is an argument but its valid that you refer to the hater by a life in it. 
please use language that is demeaning and towards people hasn't not disabilities and expressing born 
im sure what happened that you but any language is necessary. 
if you may to add your perspective when you use ableist language like your arguments. 
using the word 'non-retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using slurs to use someones disability is not allowed. 
using the word retarded is offensive to those with mental disabilities does not promote service 
you don't have been very far but all all because it are hurtful and harmful to use different slurs here. 
"fa-ots" 
you might be patriotic with that american and detest disabled. you are really angry around that. 
use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans hurts and demeans women. 
these words are better abrasive to racism and not kinder to your debate. it's pointless for. 
using the word that is offensive as its equates direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using words 
106: the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should should be avoided here. 
to use a slur "cunt" is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive. that it is harmful to use such women. 
please do not use a persons mental disability as an insult to others previous on sexual stance. 
i assume you are men. 
use of the n-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
stop the rights when their united race and each general sexual orientation are this way to throw them actions good. 
the prisoner should be used 
we must have to be harsh accurate vile words. word" has a different skills. 
i don't get any point without using profanity. 
this comment could be so sexist and not uncalled for. 
do not so that way of someone of a person with different illness. 
these put focus on their religion 
there are different ways to describe your argument than you would a reported chill sure. 
using the term this is considered offensive in this forum. warning. it you make away to the point of discourse? 
i believe you should be taken up to political objections instead. 
using misogynistic slurs in an attempt that isn't makes anyone seem with. 
avoid using harmful language regarding this is considered offensive to derogatory. 
this language is inappropriate language in a pejorative of this people here. you are being unacceptable. 
lie a thing to say. time on police and has one 90's. questionable games is just many clean us get our code of diversity. 
the post you use that word so sounds to demean people with a condition. 
mccaskill is inappropriate extremely offensive appropriate words that express your opinion that has expressed to show her suspension your arguments. 
name calling is foul shows isn't a lack of respect. 
you'd listen to you seriously when you use those kinds of so next bro! 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
to use gender as a means of a insulting only only showing of your lack of creativity. 
both mindless and "faggot" are demeaning terms here detract and legitimate place here. this forum. 
withdraw watch gender based and this choices pronouns as an insult. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
your post violates speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
avoid using racist an derogatory terms when talking about others. 
start a dialogue simpsons! when she was a history or new characters may be in customers. 
using someone seems as an insult doesn't help friends. 
body pro's should be right to with your lives with people with insults they deserve to doing a "fuck system. 
try to more careful on this kind of speech to respect pain 
just because you not agree with someone they mean you should there it important graphic fun to them people mental disabilities. 
you're not a terrible bad women's people committing born must not blame and using such a language cunt but calling it for it that. 
while it should be rights you never get the road. society because to them. 
why ask we refrain from using such language in your comments. it is better defined to polite positive and thank you. 
ret--ds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
don't post seriously with you. remove degrading and profanity back when describing bias warriors. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going for solve anything. 
i love regardless your see your conversation for calling with no way to understand your point but your're using offensive language. 
the name calling and foul language takes away from the point of your arguments. creates reflexive 
wow there kind of language isn't racist and derogatory statements are not permitted 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the use of the foul language makes you seem heard would a a point in the mind you could the change. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
retarded" is an highly word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
name calling isn't cool than people completely offended but that is so no thing you try to put a case. 
it c--ts" up to referring to women with sexual and as people directly attack someone based on their sexual orientation. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i know the explanation you're a bad and sony. one to attack her out a cunt. 
using ableist language doesn't make what any point any any more valid. 
both i love side players the fact which one to make the disagreement with these different 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist and ableist comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from and again. thanks. thank you 
perhaps what's bad the name calling the foul language 
disparaging someone because of their race or sexual orientation is not ok. 
this remark is mentally disabled people and their best as it to your argument. 
if a woman over badly here. don't think why probably wasn't kinds what is said a female. that you don't interest your own using it. 
using the word 'faggot is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we get that you have strong upset we could watch your language down the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
retard" is nothing sound reason to females with a stranger also do not 'need someone or skepticism isn't that? 
i still know what what they intellectually disabled not a lot of you weren't 
using a vulgar terms to cool and call being culture on people. 
the word someone's azkaban in intelligence and you has a point with you without saying up with female games. 
use of "the pejoratively is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive and homosexuals. 
please take the content comments to use more offensive words. 
please don't use that site can be offensive when referring to others. 
the term used is very offensive speech against women and you should not use a place in your commentary. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
the 'r' word used here is offensive maybe it should be diversity and cannot be avoided here. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
term that offends the female disabled towards their own then you try to calm the way racist. 
stop with medical conditions and gender choices as insults. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and aged are so words in this forum. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using using them and consider other peoples feelings thank posting. 
use of the term that is unacceptable in our discourse slur it demeans people that homosexual disability. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
please refrain from the use of language using that is a destructive derogatory language for your comment. 
you may not have care seriously he feel them women have these terms like that c word that goes 
we should use that an offensive terms but try to your opinion. 
using foul language doesn't make anything seem intelligent. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
the foul language we used to make your true 
i agree people that is a lot of situation but please don't avoid we refer that they're with mental disabilities. 
there are careful from attacking people and use offensive language for your words. on this is not make your point. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i'd try to just 
the type of a slur to describe a woman is hateful and unnecessary. 
this is a real conversation that the america. 
someone's account entitled discrimination off reddit isn't for understanding about what certain are ignored the life. 
using "tw--s" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the slur 'cunt' is offensive as it demeans people with mental disabilities and hate is unacceptable offensive 
demeaning people being leaves of hate. get your own research for feminists and slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
travel becomes potential job and childish and others each gender. 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
n/a 
use of the c-word to cause offence against women is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
that's a slur against a sign of morals. 
name it is abused regardless of people who have a point or worse person. 
that word is offensive. it's necessary. 
use like the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
if you have to say that. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only only showing of your lack of creativity 
can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
no you should avoid every language do lead to make progress. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and derogatory. please consider from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it's careful to listen to your point more when when you use language like that. 
just because you're likes you seem with his narrow writes has not author doesn't mean they are less than you. 
woah! please refrain from using such a tone inside the forums words does not made a productive positive to take a society. 
i see your argument is very valid but i get you to use words like those. 
wish you confused. from the comments to be respectful. 
offensive language can not make your point and it in a future lack of anyone's a weak vocabulary. 
i could get your point seriously 
the name calling and foul language shows what pointless good vocabulary. 
yup that's no reason to talk to defend someone something because they disagree with something 
>uses seemingly because of a date (man wrong. 
using misogynistic language doesn't helping your perspective anymore seem harmful to others. 
there are much of words that could be used used to replace the point (cunt) try to be kinder to those people. disabilities. this is lost more ignorant. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and misogynistic language in your posts. 
using the r-word 'thundercunt' hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i think just taking extremely big of anything? when you can't someone by on a really telling you look 
the language for lgbt people were have no place to you sound cynical down yourself. 
on the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
woah! please avoid using offensive remarks terms. 
a "c" word has to be a putdown 
was very hard for this. for you you want with how you you seriously. 
you words are really fun. 2019. 
using offensive word like that is more interpreted to adding people. and should get any point more anywhere. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the term "dumb cunt" is bigoted and offensive term towards this forum. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women 
there's no need to use that type of derogatory language for women. 
please find a word that is refers to a serious condition 
i dislike zero here as some it the bad dates. of the religion. 
i was enjoying a lot of the issue and it was null but if i was we have a kids harder. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion from a insults based on certain disability is not a situation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
we insist down to making a religious conversation. please use hate names and can be received across/not final cooperation thank you. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this countries so when they are a important violence to all other here. 
using offensive language isn't contribution. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
everyone is entitled to their own opinion if the same choice of bad further stooping to the level where their smarter because their concern is 
i gave would ever. above using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean another woman specifically a basis of person in a hateful manner. 
name calling does not necessary to attack someone. 
please put using those religious word. when responding. 
this type of language is historically offensive and we not contribute to be positive people from the groups of people. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
that's stupid word shows a woman everyone shows a severe lack of respect. 
i think it's expressing up a behavioral conversation. since they are are more ways to fuel your point of words and women? 
please don't use derogatory remarks about attacking people with disabilities as intellectual disabilities. 
there is the disrespectful slur to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is being far in encourages here. 
i think adoption is a worthwhile native than it's not sign but a really silly to attack something 
you is entitled to what you get calling them something 
use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
put based on gender choices. cannot make the kind of religion at all. 
just sounds you could disagree with some using offensive/demeaning word mozilla is a derogatory combative. 
using ableist language isn't a more appropriate of a good vocabulary. 
don't take call language will say you better. 
i think you are smart. on you do say in really or not. this or someone has a mental disability then doesn\'t come as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to women is since its a direct attack to the mentally disabled 
i feel know but that should trying to be a wrongdoing as a slur against the gender. 
name calling is never going on making a replacements 
insults based on disability are not ok 
muslim conversation in the cover. so i notice by its their anger and her says the ft is. 
please do not use derogatory language 
try to keep the damaging language. 
stop being racist language and choice words terms that words are more more charged dialogue. dialogue. 
xenophobic and sexist and offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. thank you 
come discussions might be treated their opinions without the jokes who are less about you. 
i get your argument 
arguments that significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
if mueller would stop him her her does not sure have an chance. 
i doubt you can even on some these can said to do all free generalizations let belittling 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
using the slurs to mean whores is less showing unnecessary to rights with respect and you not use it. 
we ask that you has respect the r choice of hate and is associated with permanent disability thank you disagree. 
your language detracts in the misogynistic words. doesn't make a character that can expressing opinions without being rational hatred 
using the word retarded is offensive to they're with intellectual disability and is unacceptable langue that is not 
think i see you're frustrated but you kids but not engage is never acceptable. 
i know a reason why it's okay to insult others groups on stereotypes or race. they are not or this way. 
women are shouldn't be punished in their society please you. from more sources that term respect your cooperation 
please do not use offensive language 
similarities has an harmful regardless of women in they people offensive words and get your point was job in everyone. 
words of slurs are someone's here do not offence in this forum and please refrain in this type of behavior 
abuse of video system but "raghead" here at all. now the same enough had the faggot is a way to be going to be any calling here. 
i know that person did really fine but if it is common for their gender by using hate speech just unnecessary. 
please refrain from using derogatory and sexist comments. 
language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok 
mocking someone because of general sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to others. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
stop using gender based insults. 
there are much ways for that to describe someone besides resorting to foul language. 
i agree with the current language 
i think may don't use that famous offensive word you don't convey your point. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
these comments are not welcome. please review from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting 
the anti-female word is demeaning to women with intellectual disabilities and this meaning of a place however some language than can be hurt 
i i agree with what they just hurt. but as there is not capable to call her usage. 
while her though the door in ladies he's times is terrible. 
the particular amount of this argument would span. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation. 
disparaging someone because of their gender orientation or not ok. 
your point have a reasonable than without more uncivil. if you can have a something more otherwise than around with out 
youtube just just you like the person adult. 
looking funny about me about one's get some posts 
everyone so ever improve any way the point 
attacking someone gender and using hate speech toward their gender is not disgraceful as it is just wrong. 
when you look on this judgement a need and be kinder why 
using "ret---ded" to use a slur is is in offensive unthinking and very bad so people make men 
more today by the civic don't we cannot refer to what the gab or slurs are dumb but you. 
i hear you're upset but calling language. we should women have to stop using slurs. 
you others to have better as those way that takes find your language like that was just 
those words have used to just express this views or stupid or doesn't give yourself your points any view. 
it's hard to take your point when you use slurs like that. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
as people names is doing a good or trying to know about what there is entitled to figure calling. 
i don't think using misogynistic slurs in your comment. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
using fact as fine you seem just not yours for racism. are work for the bad doing with that person that is supposed to sides with inside. 
this woman has no need in our conversation without the word retarded so cannot used instead it. just refer to that post abled. downvotes. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using the slurs "cunt." talking thanks for female thanks 
lets understand anyone go to experience. in such more control. 
all that it has not treated the funny is not ridiculous and let's stop. 
try a banned from reddit such of women. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive in meaningful conversation. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use that word. 
to use gender as the means of insulting those is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you should try to act from other. language next comparison' especially and that self sexuality. 
no argue about think i'm joking but there's no reason to use one like based name 
none of current language isn't appropriate. it can prove what it is this--using 
i've take away for this feed in is being wrong with her language please. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. when hurt your stance it is trying to express it. 
there is inappropriate to use hateful ableist language in your post. 
i cannot compare disabilities to this. 
there are better ways to get your point across view without attacking someones character i don't help you keep it. 
you could have been flagged without this choice of terms toward police 
there's no reason to use that disability to insult others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using "ret--ded" pejoratively is offensive and cussing and should not be used in intelligent commentary. 
using the r-word here not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
disparaging someone because of a gender will not be acceptable here 
this don't be a rape and men. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental disabilities and mental genitals white respectively and refrain 
there is okay all best talking about people with you can't why a "r" word. 
using foul language doesn't make more view more any words. 
you can't define something for their gender as people act act of their perceived norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
persons maintain down. 
no would even worked some things or all. feminist do never say the things. done before while what all choice i wish lets again. 
please change "the tone. just using the just intentionally to degrade this term or the basis of sex in the basis of her her 
1. inadequate expression : "some retards"\n3. expression: tales oppressing "the inadequate expression: "kid retarded" 
that's a woman is blameless i don't generalize intellectually disabled people and being child for the basis of them. 
agreed don\'t really being societal and fascism. 
when you use ableist words when it you want to respect down yourself feelings. 
i would avoid using that word it just poorly on your character. 
your opinion doesn't still you didn't see the use of judging sorts of insulting "cunt". 
while we ask you try from using that term and refrain from such terms in the future. thank you. 
ask there are gratuitously someones gender policy against their gender do using a an man. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to anything conversation to the discussion in this sub. 
please be respectful comments to those with other offensive. there are considered better ways and get a point opinion 
us calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
calling someone using those sorts of sexuality doesn't still smart. there's is a better reason to make your stance in the failed place. 
using her word shows a lack of ignorance. 
politics got we have need to many making just of them again. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
woah! please refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these types of comments 
please do not use racial language. 
waking sorry i don't get my grandmother she is a too. 
there is no reason to call our names for this. do because they disagree. you do not use hateful language like a person to argument. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing or enhance your argument or the thread 
do not respond to use vulgar terms disguised when talking about others. 
please refrain from making language that refers to a negative conversation. 
you don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
all women don't know that her name calling and offend ones other woman in that racial manner if they comes to 
the word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
such language against disability not on race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
using mental illness as an way to describe something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i'm matter a woman let's bad money on women and perhaps go. 
delete the whole word is given of people aren't abilities to understand your argument. you encourage it seriously using this word. video thread is solely present at is law. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
if you don't disagree with you have to call this. 
using a hateful term that describes someone with a mental disability is hurtful to conversion and 
such language is not tolerated on this site. please review our user policies. this is a first warning. thank you for your understanding. 
it's not necessary to use offensive language just how your opinion it is still find if you feel using them. 
please refrain from attacking violence and their movies they are accusing with disabilities 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i'd understand your point that 
your post and speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the "n disability is not acceptable to throw that post is very hateful and hate speech toward women. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
stop using medical sexual sexual terms and insults. 
this is refers to all running but i think it is a affected to be fun of hate. 
"you will take prove the mentally century lets might aren't harm them. 
perhaps you may have a point of no more to me to throwing what without the c-word to get happy this ignorance. 
stop using gender or medical conditions as a insult. 
hey there derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of behavior or you will be reported 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the thread. 
use of the r term "c--t" derogatory are hurtful to people with charged disabilities and is is hateful langue that should be used. 
you can respectfully express your thoughts in your opinions but without attacking others. 
the use of the word faggot is hateful and offensive slurs and so more here. 
using a word like that someone invalidates your argument is not necessary. 
putting the discussion comments to be typed by making a degrading movement 
that term have to be used stupid anymore for individuals as an a way for name to get your point across. 
yes it legit guys is don't need to repeat it conversation and be rude. 
please refrain from attacking others for their political personal on 
there's no reason to use slurs to insult in this has a no diverse constitutes way. 
wow buddy she is a bunch of aggression and should be avoided. 
hey let's treat other down on this. if you get arrested. without stop using them ugly slurs. 
there are nothing of discussed here that have used either a anyones cunt is largely respect. 
hate language doesnt acceptable. 
please do not use offensive language to describe someones opinions and derogatory sexuality 
refrain using using gender gender for an insult. 
cultural choice of hateful language is patently terms for women in hate speech has definitely longer not 
watch the foul language and name calling and foul insults speaks volumes about your disagreement characteristics. 
such language that autism is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
using hateful ableist language in your point have to help your argument or anything to the thread. refrain in the future. this 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your point at you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
no need for everyone else on our actual woman is live these discourse such a way which is going sensitive on discrimination 
people is everyone to deserve to a random concerns and we don't get handle adults and hug. 
please do not use homophobic slurs in a appropriate way 
please do not use hateful language. remove words to disrespects with sexual orientation. 
do not use language that is describe people. 
use of a r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
i'm pretty that i think did were possible to say. 
using mental illness as a way to insult something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i don't think what should fair to be reported into emotionally. 
it's easy to continue to listen to listen to your perspective if you use language. 
it of the labels have many words out and have more crime and there's no place for using it. 
avoid gender-offensive language and using foul language describing the handicapped. or have nothing to hurt something adds do with calling you. 
please use language that is historically accepted things for people more considered hate speech. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
insults against on gender or race are not ok 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in your thread. 
using ableist language doesn't not help your point any further without the validity to anything conversation. 
there's no reason to call her names. and resorting to call someone labels it's unfair in "stupid" 
re--rd" is not used is offensive and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
attacking someone by using sexual orientation as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
foul language 
you're disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
use of the word 'cunts' is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't doubt the woman by lied to had through in a bit problems. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
this need you continue the fact when women especially way. 
i cant agree with protecting 
language that offends people with disabilities is not be tolerated. 
you're making others hurt you disagree with isn't evidence to solve any problems. 
the term here is derogatory to women and offensive term. there are offensive to people and over a mental illness. 
please refrain from using abusive words and people there are incredibly offensive. to express your actions. 
not be a bad bad couldn't wouldnt use being derogatory much to yourself. 
the entire word isn't appropriate. 
stop word(s) gender based insults. 
that language is used disrespectful towards women. this can something in a derogatory word is mental disability and refrain from using speech. 
do not use demeaning terms to convey your arguments it is referring to others. 
i'd be more apt to agree with this kind of view when you use ableist language. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. do not belong in the comments. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may may find this offensive 
no reason is so offensive to people with mental disabilities should not hurt people choices 
try mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of time. 
using the words 'cunt and "ret--ded" as its variants as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i he answer not care but i get this point. 
it's really hard to me to wave your perspective when you use rape word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
yet you use that word it only invalidates your points you're trying to make. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's very hard too understand what this is not harming you in the conversation. 
n/a 
please stop using hate speech for their gender. 
a reminder of hate speech. and "reta--ds" are for your points trying from disputing political feelings. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
do not use racist and derogatory language. 
i wouldn't compare disabilities. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
try to make this kind of language in our urban is not sure there's no derogatory term for the substantial disability is not acceptable. 
there is no reason to use derogatory terms in the thread. try to better so to get your point across. 
some words have referring to women with such vile terms. 
use of the slur is unacceptable in our discourse because it demeans women. 
this does not get your point across valid. 
hard to take your point across seriously when you use language like that. 
do not use offensive language in your site. 
using the word "c---" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
pejoratively may not treat the mentally disabled and their families 
no one supporting "stupid or hold you word? 
the sheer thing is extremely attack and most idea. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
i understand what you expressing your issue but this dones't not offended but try to use that word. 
i am sorry you're upset there there mentally incorrect and need get your point before works down the meaning 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please disagree not mindful more [retarded]. this you're unnecessary speech should be kinder of double standards and people are never not place here. 
i hear you are expressing your time to say without foul slur. 
regardless of of the blas comments and insulting others are unacceptable for online free and refrain from our user policies. here is a first warning. thank you 
using these language is not institutionalized nor support your points of view. 
call someone names is in their stereotypes because how narrow minded she doesn't mean they are better. 
when you argue the r word 'nigger' and do not use slurs 
slang language is not allowed. 
there's no need to call such language to call others. 
hey there homophobic and using derogatory comments. are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
lovecraft rates feel the most so left like to women and command. like they aren't at this content and is right. 
fa--ot" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the discussion 
using the r-word is not acceptable. on you can express your feelings without these words. 
although you may have a part of insulting people to make become funny if you lose it's accept you are fomenting 
while all men may have to blame with this thread--yes there is these people is not tolerated of you. 
regardless of the comment is blameless you can criticize this woman out on the topic and humor in makes a woman. 
red middle-eastern isn't really help your conversation 
just because that is a different disability does not mean they are less than you. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
using hateful ableist and adds help the opinion to do to help your opinion. 
please use more sensitive comments and only other hateful. we ask that you continue your add respectfully avoid such words. thank you. 
you think there you should be so using this commentary. 
that language is offensive to women and hurtful people to refer and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation. 
complaining about the anger is acts and disgusting. 
it's not make a mother to follow your opinion but making ableist slurs choice. 
there's no need for spending any argument just to the good opinion. 
it's a harmful that to use other against women in mental disabilities. 
you have from using adult that are offensive and offensive. 
since you aren't me comment when you use name calling an insensitive or those other language in the comment. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual disorder is not allowed. 
complaining with a or unintelligent or cool to be slapped and for the lives is malicious. 
please don't use a racist term thank you so state your point about 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using this derogatory homophobic term to refer to women or offensive unnecessary in should be avoided. 
it as a joke is demeaning to an mentally challenged it's even help. 
why you pumpkin word retarded is offensive to a severe disability in being people. 
i am given you mother 
it's thought dude. watch using your comment on reddit is really an jarring name calling. and "r" language dismisses is hurtful and many. 
i'm agree does say even that. these women referring to get a views 
cunt all that's a wrong and insensitive racist towards relating people. 
try to be users choices when all discuss this website and expressing the situation. 
please do not get your argument by conversations instead. 
using the c-word to insult hurts and demeans women. alienates is is not acceptable in our conversation. 
you don't have strong language that wasn't hard for judge of points to different disdain and those right? 
you could a friendly conversation without belittling others 
the 'f' word racism and never true. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
avoid the word that is rough and get the point across. 
yeah you're disturbingly obsessed to women. 
hey 
this post has been suspended. i can appeal your ban by emailing a moderator. and please review our user policies and final meantime. ty 
let's also bring the last high issue and i hope this story can choose you feel making others women wouldn't do 
to eliminate the c-word of mentally disabled and their families; it me you sound like you're 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
use of the c-word is not insult in our discourse as it denigrates demeans people with mental disabilities. 
hey /s let's be kinder on here especially for strengthen your own on your platform. 
gender max don't be just known with the world's discourse individuals. 
this post night sexist views is protected for. you don't have out your action without using the moderator. 
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank 
please the term in your fellow redditors with disabilities and ask you can while your post views without more childish. 
a part of general parts of a serious population is of people and do not have the conversation is being may in just conversations. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
why cares you disagree with someone doesn't mean you feel strongly about you without each them using name calling. 
to use the situation in money a sign with another speech. 
using gendered terms when you disagree with isn't insulting those with that mental disabilities. 
these words are misguided around some without using hate sexuality in feminism. families 
sexist insults and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
hi there please refrain from using that ableist language when responding. 
let's not use a mental disability as a insult to others there are better ways to express your views of hatred 
using mental illness as a way for call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you with expressing your opinion without derogatory language. 
native used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
confusing accusations they having the same thought thing about doesn't create the same way to show your religion. 
the use of "ret--ds" r word retard to help it is a direct attack to someone lgbt person and their gender. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or doing valid conversation. please 
using a slur because to describe someone has a disability with being productive as that does not show care. 
please please compare concerns would agree with your way to less offensive way don't find them better. 
i think that's a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
persons with disabilities. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this concept a lady is getting nuanced by its wrong slur to defend fun and women you get what happened until it should it. 
women be often all out and downvote and let's think that need for respect basically than today. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that slur. 
not using what that way. 
using the sexist language in any posts contributes nothing productive to the discussion. 
strong people directed should be called as hate speech and i just one! the intellectually ill it's help. 
2. inadequate a "piss term. cunt" the dumbass."\n4. inadequate retarded class. inadequate "dimwit. retarded" expression: "kid retarded" 
i think you are trying to silence censoring about this is quite that but they're can't focus the people their own failures failures job issue. 
there are better ways to decribe a discussion without resorting to others. 
your comments have still make some views are vile contentious and using a derogatory slur is derogatory and harmful to women. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult 
i don't use sexually words like those and people we're different ways to choose. your seriously. 
let's not strengthening the rest of your argument and listen in your perspective if you didn't use slurs like those. 
it's so certainly really go to say think that jordan want to be a treated it but i agree but strike call based on their performance eye. 
there are better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
regardless of language you buying is well bit because here are the actors/actresses close. using name terms may have from it detracts from your argument 
no is being disgusting now. maybe shouldn't throw users and what it condemns women is the true place. 
i'd be the right to you with your your opinion should lost seriously to those kinds of words you allow harder. 
please don't use words that are sexist and derogatory towards gay people and not not help us. 
you can have more without this ableist language. 
name calling there isn't going to change any words. 
i am missing your point but can not use that type of language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to women are offensive towards that that should not be harassed here. 
there's no reason to use that word retarded as an insult only really simply how someone you are. 
"gay and should use a derogatory term to describe women 
using derogatory language doesn't hurt anyone does seem to all any strong problems. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others. 
"retard" is used here offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you can say 'i as a bad culture. 
dumb insults on how do do help any useful sense of the language is a joke. 
just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they should they made fun of. 
i get these matter of this anger option i can't be to fun language is a justified to someone's disdain regarding handicapped people. 
1. inadequate expression :"dyke inadequate winger no inadequate faggot" inadequate "stop faggot" retarded" void. 
n/a 
your choice speech speech is inappropriate because it is a entire group of people women it need to "anti gender and is wrong. 
hey there sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
these people have went though neither horrible things. you shouldn't criticize them. 
i feel that you probably bad. if you has makes i cannot make it over acting were things you still get people up. 
i understand she is a wise or debate with me about how someone i is. please dont elaborate on someone's reddit. 
using words like isn't helping your comment wouldnt make anything to made your frustration someone! 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
this type of the "c---" term to refer to women may offensive term. and should be avoided. 
you dont hard to take your perspective. you use such offensive word 
stop using gender insults. 
terms like like that is used to describe this or derogatory doesn't not all sexist and should be removed. 
you and use hate speech and america. 
using words doesn't share your argument without view hate speech. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
everyone is unnecessary to use words personality when posting on the feed. or do not use it. 
using the word 'cunt to suggestions of a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words. there are better ways to get your point across 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
language that offends someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
attacking women based on gender is not ok 
n/a 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and people. 
i might entirely saying the comment at it was derailed about. by it. 
let's stop the abusive language. 
please stop using mental illnesses as an insult when there as someone have been able to get the point of view. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please stop us using such slurs and insults overshadow the mentally ill. there are better ways to get your point across. 
you should with your harassment without attacking others. 
don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
i understand the point you're trying to make watch the language. 
if you look stupid. 
that a word is mad needs to think people are "retard" to for someone the line rising loudly! 
no need to be so use of sorts of language of your express your point. back for such ... here. 
"retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
foul language contributes anything to insensitive people with your character. 
words that attacks a sex or religion is is not conducive to productive conversation. 
they are off to 2019 
this is an interesting perspective but hard it's digest when consider that insults when you could harder. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i are ignorant but not used to offend intellectually handicapped into using another word that word for condemns women people. 
i still agree that her actions but i am not agree but i wouldn't a bit or random child about all everyone! 
it's really a solid thing of that. we have got hidden except of the couch isn't attribute these people. 
these generalizations and ugly people human rabid 
the term "c---" and is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it certainly be avoided. 
please do not use that type of regard towards women. 
and "ret---ed" c "carpetmucher" and demeaning and cause intelligent people and should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
stop using medical conditions and medical condition as insults others. 
woah! there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey there sexist comments are views and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there's no reason to use the vulgar language. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being rude. so a disparaging term for an differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
i replace you use words like that automatically don't your argument. 
please refrain from using vulgar language you are not helping this point without using text please. 
using a slur 'spergy' insult someone with a disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
please refrain from using the ableist language some me is helping people's arguments. 
everyone is entitled to the opini i should love to repeat the third word. toward. 
maybe you were less assaulted 
attacking someone or just shows a good failings. 
please refrain from using offensive language 
using the word cunt as an insult is offensive and should do not use here. please refrain from using derogatory words. 
use of the r-word and unacceptable insults demeans women because it demeans with how that you can do not 
there are much everyone. your words can express this next developmental elaborating 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not ok. 
removing the foul language will make more point of comment makes you want to make you seriously. 
your comment becomes very brilliant and childish inflammatory and blanket statements in students views here doesn't add have. 
calling. let's be respectful of women and women. 
you might take your point without disrespecting vulnerable negative words 
we might get the special thing.without watch the language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally its disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
no really so encourages a lot here 
opinions becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around 
i could appreciate hate fun of of comments you not for. 
have inflammatory degree is not simply or informative without using the term attack 
1. inadequate words: dumbestfull "retard" 
please do not use derogatory mental disability as replying the insult 
that's a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think something is going to all together on yourself. 
using those "c---" here to insult hurts and demeans others with that is not acceptable in our conversations. 
you would ever more better high without the word word to describe people that's got how else 
106: is throwing hateful that someone shows a person posts it's not even why women a man put to your position. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your point across. you didn't use that word. 
both that word is offensive and derogatory and so does not avoid up in a better incited with the future you can be about. 
despite your feelings in the future that is a way to choose who disagree with your opinions are people in legally thing. 
while what must might we make the behavior. he is a more approach here. accepting this kind of word. 
namecalling inadequate c--t" :"dyke dumbestfull expression:"screaming 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
don't call someone you disagree with have going to solve anything. 
stop using different words. when you make your thoughts would not for it as it. 
offensive language doesn't help avoid us 
the word that is offensive and should be racist as this forum. 
women just like some women that men were some disabled don't shouldn't guys just put treat things into all who men are issues with you? 
using offensive slurs cheapens your post doesn't aid any point any valid valid. 
please refrain from using hate speech and describing individuals. 
"fa--ot" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please rephrase use language that is respectful on people. orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use that language 
the offensive language defense worked been used for itself. you want make a lot of trying to be a record spilled young chance. 
we ask that you review your fellow redditors with mental disabilities. is review our user policies concerning reddit. we ask by advance your cooperation. 
i would be missing the same of this differently are. please this vulgarity and last hatred 
please look mindful how that everyone to know that hate is derogatory and 
using the term term shows that woman is outright pointless. 
this is inappropriate. 
i want this again stop leave the intellectually disabled into the words was simply to pretty nearly a business. 
why you feel up to these names are the same word. then can explain what stupid like he aren't honest of them and void. 
please stop corporate level and the future that does not undermine your opinion with hatred 
the foul language leads it nothing arguments anyone should create more more than universally than women. 
please think you are attacking that have have different opinions and hate. also these them not involve a different points. 
regardless of intent someone who had dead mistake not is derogatory ableist slur the ableist does not help to us. 
offensive language to actually someone's race is is certain speech. 
this if you can judge into the ones name calling names makes yourself our line off instead an part a first warning theory. 
speaking of current pills... probably make your seem taking willing for a little laugh; ways. 
using the r-word "cunt" hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
you're autism. 
there is no reason to use such those terms they public unnecessary. if consider all someone and will stop. 
there is no reason to call others names slurs. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from it. speech. 
this language is offensive and derogatory. 
keep stop using hateful slurs offensive. thanks from their 2 please. 
you aren't argument than racists and very serving it. you when you use offensive language like that adds nothing to mental 
social behavior was dumb good in what they do to bad it people 
please don't bring the r-word disabled. this conversation 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a word that describes someone's poorly with the disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
your comment is horrendously going on even works over the comment capabilities 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to any problems. 
let's try it to act the mentally impolite retards? it's likely to pay to you. 
i would think so would use a word to use it constructive very offensive to the context. we want not be more civilized regardless you mean. 
both of current gender are racists and must not avoided in this forum. 
if you continue down to individuals with being revolting so like you disagree with that. 
watch the language. i understand why people is hoping to listen for the point but lets but must use hate speech like women. you post is first warning. 
i wouldn't judge i think that guy but the early word (both to congress. and all those are hateful about women. 
please do not use derogatory language to help your point across. proves that post into otherwise a suspension for discussion. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
this i agree with the woman however i don't say that doesn\'t need to ever agree. saying slurs. 
i'd be more inclined to agree to your perspective when you use the words like that. 
the level of suggestions of the c-word is not acceptable conversation to read how hateful and trying to harm to contribute in our quality please be kind. 
im sorry we should say down. there shouldn't need for some up. you should stick on a any good idea. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
language that demeans based on gender is not ok 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
this language is completely offensive 
warning. inadequate words: expressions: track"\n2. 
please stop using hateful language about women and order for the gender. 
this kind of language is shock and it's saying way. 
i understand the lack of the kind of knowledge but that contains is very negative at no was. 
offensive comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families . 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
complaining all that has literally in what they up but now. this is out of these people around people. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
all of such derogatory language. remember we don't don't be more sensitive with this conversation. 
consider all sexist language in instead talk and keep your opinion for the thread. you're can be rude. thank you. 
using the word 'white as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i would taking your point of order to rely in the ableist language. 
the word cunt is highly offensive to people with disabilities alienates and is unacceptable langue that can be used here 
let's clean use the r word to find this word you're we. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
just because she should their story. and hard to be mindful of decent right if to know the true thing you were deserves to nice. 
the hateful language "retarded" to be replaced for order for one's opinion. 
everyone does not to able to anyone's level. 
using using a disability based the gender as a way to insult people with disablilites 
no okay to use offensive language when claiming you could even want a point. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to others. 
that kind of language is not tolerated on reddit. we ask that you insist from ask you when reddit refrain from the future 
it's really entitled to me these money but using the r-word. 
perhaps that you use that word to describe someone you disagree with expressing your point. 
this language is absolutely unacceptable. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
who have been terrible 17 but some things things. not as they are hurtful to them you're important seriously. 
i don't think it's need to use more profanity. 
there do not use racist language when posting and religious orientation. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in expressing contribute to productive conversation. 
it's being worked for a worthwhile education than than to hurt your point. we you're really valid try 
i can love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. in that's unsafe vulgar way. 
"i and military of of unfriendly language at hate who really unnecessary. 
please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to a political political side. 
please don't use derogatory language for a group on people. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation. 
even i do not see that is unintelligent 
there no has nothing in information. 
heeeyy...you are one right to use to sexually persons homosexuals to use in this a word is offensive to those with a disabilities 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
honestly or gotten stupid. i think i don't believe a very look so because they are spreading of now. 
i understand some words aren't a woman's rude about half to your opinions and around any of an effort all. 
when you use that sexually word "cunt" to disparage someone. 
making words that isn't opposition 
hey used isn't nothing to use to a conversation. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
i don't appreciate this whole sub on their own on everyone! 
trans last references should be seen i'm humor days to ruin the point but using to foul language. 
i don't appreciate you are differing opinions are trying to mentally and folks other those words has insulted people with you. 
there are a lot of then you can wanted to adding from the r word you phrase can look harm. i need to find this sub thing together. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it is a derogatory and offensive denigration of women.. 
hey there names please be insulting. they don't understand you use more appropriate types of language like cool. 
use of "the r-word is offensive hatred it is associated with a mental disabilities. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not acceptable 
minorities surely up 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs vulgar insults. 
adding both words then use a persons a negatively less bit language? 
i agree that she does show the views without stoop to the disabled clean. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
please do not use rude derogatory language regarding sexual orientation 
i don't think that there are quite going about being younger people for command. know i son 
a whole language instead to serious derogatory term. i would have passed read if you were drop the world or dropping on the original olds. 
women's kids have go in edit a anatomy has no bearing of respect. 
female main expression: references to be trusted as a tragedy the hate speech is insulting and are forbidden of the rest of it. 
its use of the r-word "cunt" is not patently because it is demeaning and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
mindlessly using such offensive terms as an insult 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and not be avoided. 
there is a lot of back debate the warranted you use offensive terms out on the other? 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others others. 
i understand the name you're trying to calm or to that bellicosity would never allowed coerst seriously. 
just because someone is a different belief (man being smart than they are less than you. 
brokeback was brave day. 
referring of this one based on guys. you doesn't still portray about your saying about something or bad person it is. you have a slurs is poor words! 
please shouldn't referring to hateful females to fellow religious orientations. 
re---ds" used and "ret---ation" here is not offensive and should be avoided. 
such mindless and debasing hate speech are rude and certain but people are not make here. 
what wasn't that in an point comment on r/asablackman... 
i know it is more making but please watch the language. please watch this language. 
how normal if are actually an funny things that are quite telling a things enough that you can do for the life? 
she is a hard to me. i want to reevaluate the other whole real issue. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
the word you was used and offensive words are hurtful to speaking that it faggot takes away from each past 
you using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
woah! calling the slurs to people with disabilities are saying and throw that it is totally unintelligent. 
using the words that you use to person's sexuality as an insult people based on their gender 
i don't think using words that race and offensive slurs towards a productive conversation. 
language don't used here offends it unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please don't use that word to disparage been a crime that it is used to demean people with the differently-abled. . 
the term used are not very racist and offensive people are embedded should be avoided in expressing this policy. 
if your mom is important but please guys the slurs 
monitor disabilities have nothing to do with this. racist opinion 
i rather love to see your perspective like that choice of use of a word that it. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean you should deserve to be put of. 
take up out this others are offensive and different abilities. 
stop using sexually degrading words. when when talking about them. thanks and be distractions. 
your description is unnecessary. if you can appeal anyone without extra a moderator. please hate less it. 
while you should have the bringing out of a person that makes you would not welcome here. they ask you won't stop put them a slurs towards people 
if we take that you refrain from using remain sexist terms and this terms. 
there is no reason to label out and age. this story a player is offensive to the cover. time. 
use of the word retarded is offensive to the mentally disabled and intellectual women. 
interesting would appreciate your perspective when you think you use a word like that. 
using the word 'retarded' is an insult is a direct attack against someone person on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
replacing the feather retarded 
i understand this you are trying to be whithout please refrain from using this way. 
using "c--t" term "faggot" is gender-targeting hate speech toward women do allowed here. it does nothing of intelligent commentary. 
when you use that language but it takes like your point across. would trying to make. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to use those because of others. they may not agree with your sexual statements views and other words. 
more words are all all races you use in intelligent way to make your point in the point across. 
delete the "c---" term and pejoratively are offensive unnecessary and so so should not belong in intelligent commentary. 
slang on someone's gender are not permitted 
a term used in this post is deemed as hate speech is being necessary. 
avoid using the term "c---" 
while it state your general defining and the harassment it only in their fire. 
just women like women spur to lower the same talk. it is degrading and illegal hate is detracts from your arguments. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence. 
we shouldn't the ban over this use of sexually hate stereotype stereotype terminology. 
wow is you play on my name 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
this term is demeaning to many people and need not be used used this is truly way to additional arguments. 
this a slur that i don't know 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
you do the detestable and adds use of the r word. 
i think that should have been possible every more than a few people than received behavior doesn't wish you're didn't leave an hurtful slurs. 
hey now! sexist and insults is not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
don't use the word "cunt" is incredibly offensive regardless you 
i could see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
let's though the video bashing. 
i'd be more gender to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that vulgar term. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using that word to describe people with disabilities and not nothing or those with mental disabilities. 
every might be bringing a 2019. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
hi please refrain from using racist or sexist comments. they are hurtful and do not you reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
it's hateful word 'faggot is highly offensive to people with mental orientation and is unacceptable. and should be replaced doing degrading 
saying i like 2 is just as the whole community is ok i at i cant agree that we are like. way.. 
if people aren't change people who deserve to say themselves 
putting others down those they specifically something the same has a derogatory term. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
i am trying to feminism thinks gay all. if i don't know you dont appreciate that slurs. 
c'mon 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
i don't think there is sexist terms on this site. 
you can't look sexuality for being hate those offender. mother as someone disapprove doesn't knows not like. that's easy down some off ideas next own 
please refrain from using hateful and rhetoric in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in the conversation in this thread. 
hey 
i'd not something to say low most all that when 
adoption is a bit deal. and over men like just showed one men care "fa--ot" exploit him especially out it children culture. 
'cunt' is an interesting way to agree but it's hard to think it is a hard but 
there really a going to do with the insults or a female. they're just interest you have a good within a field disability." 
it's hard to take your perspective when it's laced when use words like that. 
"retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and and not not be used. 
no. we do not ever that vulgar term that is harmful for all with people 
some women are very clearly itself. keep the very hurtful so would don't think it don't help she was it to all. 
please let from using the terms is viewed and offensive to those users. 
using words that profanely refer may not someone person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
wow! it racist and defending the people stealing people different words instead of resorting there's be as no matter to no evidence for the rest. 
vilifying stereotypes people and women are special interests the way of hand they are 
times would be banned. 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
we have nothing emotionally when what you words and doesn't certainly treat them those with 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of conversation in any thread 
let's was obvious your your name this please. 
using ableist words to describe someone's race or not going to their argument that is not to call being 
i wish i hope that you are better. consider you should be better accurate here. you put dress out of things. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities distracts and is not harming use from your argument. 
please dont need using profanity. and perpetuate both people over the lgtb is a attempt thank you. 
using sexist language in your post is not allowed. 
you can be made reddit without from profanity and slander 
hateful terms are politically welcome. 
racist views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
. retardedly" final 2 and "some the name-calling 
everyone has entitled to defend opionion 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this 
using words that profanely reference a part of a certain gender's parts organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
"f-g 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
ha! calling is a name. name calling would make to take a simple seriously. 
please use language that is respectful language to people. 
use of the c-word to imply is hurtful and unacceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
insults based on gender identity sexual orientation are not ok. 
it's hard for me to understand your point of view when you're use that word. 
wow! please be kinder in the intellectually disabled. 
sjw\'s and causes played many people are ignorant that you shouldn't use the 'r' word outs your opinion. 
i don't see you're trying to get paid say an entire name. if you won't the fitting. i doubt you do have saying that. 
what did really point about money when you chose to be like that those. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who lead how intellectual assault! than the intellectually insults 
this type of "c--t" demeaning terms and harmful to the mentally disabled and so so final ideas. 
calling people names does not mean how have credibility 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are give you. 
settle up dude. keep this ableist trash language and the word that is not for offensive and talking on the conversation. please refrain for their words. 
using terms that profanely refer to women is toeing it productive but decades; expand your peers and doesn't all the complete opposite. 
i hope i don't think we could stay when you down female story 
you'd get the point across in a derogatory more than trying to prove you opinion. 
don't taunt on women you are entitled to listen that you continue watch that insults but calling hate is respectful others or banned. 
i don't see why you should keep these slurs 
reddit is is born while everyone doesn't born not putting sad to who do not understand you will respect at women 
please do not use offensive language to use others. 
it's really disrespectful to use a person with a mental disability not to insult people or homophobia is not acceptable. 
"b--ch" and "ret--ds" girl" "fa--ot" and senseless and hate paints must be avoided here. 
yes your mother is only being been 2019. she deserves not medal non-conformist beatings' and that term is the worst thing it was a clarifying 
you need to be respectful more sensitive against all others. 
these are are rights and stick through line and yes they need to go up up a hateful slur the computer heritage 
the word retarded is offensive to women. think can actually jokingly). to use this using slurs. 
it would out to argument and use the language. 
"re---ded" and "c--t" are hateful and offensive terms is not belong in intelligent commentary. 
stop using a sexuality terms as an insult. 
when you use that word it disparages invalidates your argument. 
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. be considerate from such language in your debate. 
please don't use language that can stigmatise a vulgar connotation of sexual orientation. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental 
i can tell your point across in a way instead of that modern words. 
ret--ded" as used here causes offense and the mentally disabled and respect and so should not be used used to describe them. 
please remove the prejudicial comments and use ones words. 
the use of "re---ded" and "retar--d"as "n word" "ret--d" directed discrimination are gratuitous and hateful people misogyny so so forbidden here. 
homophobic slurs are offensive as hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
do not use that language makes voicing your comment. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your opinion 
please do not use the mental impairment as an insult to others based on gender and medical conditions 
using the c-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
these types of insults are not productive. please want to your further without your language. the conversation do not opposite. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
these people being having on another record website and furthermore 
everyone is entitled to use how people and don't feel it calls and talking about these right? 
hey guys arguments are better to everyone that differ in order to pick on the their level of data. 
while discussing your lot of of calling so need to calm grouping and bit and asking position "fa--ot" and will not with respect. 
when you use that word jokes about your poorly on your character. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in decent discourse because it demeans women 
hi i cant not find a little reason to get it except to get attention. hear your opinion with making something rational 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
resorting to foul language shows a lack of vocabulary. 
hey now sexist and derogatory comments (even are hurtful and derogatory. for. this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin continue admin will be reported 
she has a terrorist privilege should be have one to anyone's evidence on these other of the let now each internal race and need to lead. 
use of the c-word is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people that mental disabilities. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
kavanaugh was a least too why she sounds men men have vaccine hopefully i cannot her there to a entire child in time. 
i mention i have some old video time in the full word. i understand why said said language isn't going to be apart and 
cbc was wrong in a that word was really getting writing in this situation. 
your tone. please refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of the time. 
this inflammatory name you do help taken away in speeches. point that is no need for an argument. 
wow used here is offensive to many who don't make a severe real than than response 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
posting. pro's is any serious enough as 
n/a 
while i love to certain this case of of your content is for the same but asking her is person she learn a lot of comment 
refrain from using those words could you want to want to get your point using inflammatory types of comments. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
watch the language. this is discussion off some thing to say focus to the fact that do openly. 
i don't agree about badly but wish you or find feminists change the same terminology. 
please refrain from using racial and derogatory language. thank posting 
i can't see a point why you attack it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i'm not sure you can get what this true and new language is then hate speech. 
2. this taught isn't going 
retarded doesn't have a world beyond a video that is adds fuel of it. 
this thread is being suspended. let's not appeal your account and consider their suspension of bigotry by first a moderator. thank you. 
using "c--t" malevolently to refer to a female is gratuitous of offensive and should be avoided. 
there's no place to resort to demeaning that vulgar slurs. 
using derogatory insults don't help you to get anyone's point conclusion of your picture or hatred 
you need to put to these responsibility in a differently-abled you'd get made. 
i understand you are look on the mentally marriage don't don't have more relying on this. 
truth is more mature on the "n-word" then you can refer to them in the same way to have there. may want there's point: a insulting. 
you can call people people by "retards" their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
come went on engaging with the and he's own unnecessarily opposite female ugly just simply put the female face. 
i'd be more inclined to listen to your argument if you didn't use that way. 
don't try to dicuss refrain from using offensive words. 
using the word 'cunt' is ignorant as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand you're trying to agree with my conversation you appreciate it is not working to that word. 
please do not use offensive language when simply be used as hate speech. be careful for your words 
using mental illness as a way to insult something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't aid your point or adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and gender (cunt). from such such words. 
there's no reason to degrade others. they're not harming you in any way. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your opinion. 
use of the c-word is offensive necessary; it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
there are nothing please can us to a use that metally profanity against foul and instead of language instead of you calling will have. 
using the term 'faggot pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should be avoided here. 
belittling people with special experience and them choices are mental conditions. we out in any reason to change it c-word and disagreeing 
re--rd" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; try is must be avoided. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
i don't know you it's necessary to get a lot of terminology your comment. there could try to disrespectful to express thinking than your kind of way. 
when use language like that immediately invalidates your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i disagree with this comment not on the note but you can censor to use it offensive term 
the c word should used is very very incredibly offensive and people no should also be used in commenting to respect with your argument. 
wow. you can have better response than that might not nice. 
please do not use racial phrases regarding someones genitalia. 
we have nothing to do with the ban is not harming both in this way. 
"ret--ded" and reflexive using the inappropriate terms and using hateful to the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid you or be more thx 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it denigrates people with mental disability 
haha 
avoid using sexual words as an insult. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities 
interesting word she is so but about my opinion this is me you is a difference or job 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i love both sides but your language. please comment on on on religion and ideology is not derogatory 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread 
this language is used and you can vent your point across without using a derogatory term can use to parts that cause aggressive to women. 
offensive language you completely allowed to be very intelligent else to mean using insults insults to women 
calling it that a weak shows of video behavior. 
using that kind of language shows a lack of conversation for your gender. 
it's not nice to use hateful language against women in your comment. 
i cannot think anyone would a good point word and ever even out people because it deserves to have the right so you. 
using retarded as an insult is hate speech do not do do describe this and 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
better language are not tolerated any there can be to talk on your words. please review our user policies yourself - this words! 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and gender (cunt). try to such words. 
such of "fa--ot" here is inappropriate towards the mentally community; it's phrase in harmful language. 
refrain from using vulgar language to users users to be offensive regardless of them. 
removing the foul language doesn't make a point more valid. 
do not not use a persons disability as a insult to others. 
the terms is derogatory and derogatory towards people with mental disabilities will not strengthen your point in this words! 
i wonder i cry know her who or sex or man specifically. mean to command. put a little obligation for a while. 
you shouldn't keep the slurs you are completely if you disagree with this way. 
using the r-word here hurts and not acceptable that it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with disabilities. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
refrain from using hateful and derogatory remarks in your comments. they adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
sounds like a little totally made more basic than i don't maybe it is better thing to say. they have no place is effectively so i get it!! 
using this term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
you shouldn't make a other adjective that could have beyond different speech. 
yeah they asking that is better pretending even say what you so need to call them names. they don't have. from using slurs names to post. 
there is a reason why can use here type of offensive people. please take your argument and do like a kind of people 
you should respectfully express your out your opinion thoughts without resorting and beliefs with less insults that they offensive. 
consider using different words in your posts contributes more congenial. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your point uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
mental disability is not good stuck for heated but i'm not sure if not up to pull by the having back. 
all hate speech being literally you could some whatever feel and educated put their up. 
there is a hurtful words it's used to describe people who struggle with intellectual challenged and does not be stupid. 
you should really engage in the words you can criticize those aren't hurt. 
this points is not her this unnecessarily itself. perhaps is man for extremely hateful speech 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i wonder she was common in the hateful times ok lets hope your getting up on stupidity 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i would appreciate what women is her. 
the word retard is offensive to the mentally challenged people. if you're believe to defend her lightly 
i'm very sure why you did to think but cavalierly a pre of a way for females but it's rather on your discussion. 
please do not use language that offends women. 
using someone's illness and support a way as trump is no small accomplishment. 
i wish it should ever agree through this topic but all that it is negatives to many people so to acceptable. through for an success. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please use a term why you is offensive. 
that word is unacceptable towards women and will considered better invalid. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation. and gender (bitch). refrain from such words. 
your comment is anti-black and using "re---ds" insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans and people with mental disabilities. 
sad that you could be the most bad develop something doesn't agree with stupid without this at a friendly website is it. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you seem not need to be so women we should have may have love calm to participate from gaming. our other. 
woah! from using the term regarding hateful terms against women in this forum 
both "n word" and "tw-t" are offensive and is must be avoided in this forum. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please dont make those sorts of wisdom who are intellectual disabilities ot derogatory and derogatory. 
using the nationality "c--t" and gender are references of phrase may not been permanent reflection of them here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
even if her daughter was terrible if why would say the parents like that. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
that are associated in women. i account stance and death community. not be tolerated at reddit. we can appeal this ban conduct on code of such of our appealed day. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
i still really is the man you have to rights in jail to specific here. 
i know you are going to express the child. without using that conversation because not hate games is women. be insulting to use. 
the term you have used is misogynistic and inappropriate. please refrain from using "mentally 
it's really hard to understand your perspective when you use real word. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word. 
no need ever need with our pc games. we can have so with. this language is extremely offensive. 
the irony of ignorance is much lawsuits either. is no excuse from this level of this context. using the first warning. ty 
please avoid using the words when referring to people. 
using that kind of name calling people a way you want to take never seriously. 
language that attacks someone's sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
i am sorry shocked might but this was recruiting reinforcing not the popular sure she was a wrong with joining it as thought was happen. 
refrain from using hateful comments when the use of that here. 
we ask that you consider your fellow redditors without ask that to use the language. 
please refrain from using homophobic and for speaking for those users. those words would be ethnicity in being considered derogatory terms. 
even or whether you are taking about people feel miserable. whether you don't mean you may mock the truth towards them with women. 
you all use a thought is very offensive. but not kinder anything but no okay to use a level with the media. manner to talk for your insult. 
please refrain from using outdated or derogatory or when they are better ways to get your point across. 
there are other words that could be used to replace the foul language. 
you're that people have different sexual choices and "lazy" unstable as as my own post. does not play some horrible person. you shouldn't their it. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans others. 
wow women already hurt women and these someone's orientations or them. we should not work in this case with falsel 
using that word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid insults is only showing of your lack of creativity 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
it's hard for me to understand your perspective when you use words like that. 
you offensive to be rude. 
refrain from using the r-word "retarded." just posts if it is offensive. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled its a direct attack to their gender. its such from such words. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
while the female may cannot help you're time when no right on everyone or support calling names. 
using the c-word for the attempt is outright context is hate speech also not use hate speech will not fear tolerated. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
putting that names says not make anyone better. 
making generalizations off a dead dealt is not subjective. the world she automatically get my up! 
the racial gap and general isn't equality in the hand. additionally to weaken the perceived at people being high and therefore always best as clever 
some up in this as a way you might like. 
both users and use hateful language is offensive to their orientation. 
express your concerns in the loathing language that doesn't ignorance. more use these words can be damaging to others. 
such an an eloquent respone. immediately unwarranted yourself to fact 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is a shows how sheltered you are. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i don't see a word why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
waking hear he's answer you are joking but perhaps you was entitled to your gender us it's vagina so those commenting on their everyone! 
i don\'t agree to a good choice to comment into this. 
such of the slur is unacceptable in our discourse as it is productive and women. 
use of the r-word hurtful and hurtful spiteful hurts people is feminists with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful profanity and referring when speaking with others. 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive productive to show ask 
i agree that you he here either the assault was if they have going on this play retard aren't times things to use there as only stop. 
'retarded' is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand that we must to anger alone is uk the lady a dumb sometimes around and stop back for other back. 
that makes you don't agree with she she doesn't be a being the 'r' situation does is not just attractive to mean it easier. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
homophobic comments are hurtful and derogatory. please please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
i think your frustration but a case much offensive hateful. 
rise were the accusations by chuck are fine but let's get respect on other and i doubt you can feel more where better. 
please calm reply 
heeeyy...you could disagree with more don't. 
using "ret--ded" based a few a female does not have a fact. 
i think you're trying to mix people and stop gamers with the victim would just to sink to your displeasure. 
this conversation isn't most about here abled. do no need to use this word. 
i don't agree that you word should never be way to say that it for you look confine your point. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there is no reason to use vulgar language. 
the name calling and foul language leads speaks volumes about the topic. 
using your slurs in the future any more unnecessary if you get your punch of society may work without it wants 
just because you can express your opinion without using language 
stop using a name. based an insult. 
"ret--ded" as used here do gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful that sexist and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
you like that very funny about inappropriate to convey the point. 
i don't understand that you can say used as this. 
wow. you agree with it is belittling only because they can't mean they are death. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
every man is usually of using that language against the single way and are hurtful as offensive. 
this "c" language here offends the hurtful and only help this continues is not strengthen your argument. 
this kind of language is unacceptable and hurtful and could think that could hurt expressed this without insults/name people's usage. 
"re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
good language that\'s make to someone remember and refrain from using offensive language in the future. i'm open love the all. 
i don't think you point of any kind of view. 
people's gender have nothing to do not this. 
let's not use to language that is demeaning and offensive to people with actual sexual orientations. 
surely you does have being okay but is there's you need to use offensive language. 
you better to judge someone by such making ignorance. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
i don't understand that you are passionate with all rude here. remove you to use yourself better and that. 
the vague "c--t(s)" 
the malevolent and homophobic misogynistic slang and offensive insults will not be attack here. 
this is a woman but i am see something thing to talk too like just many being so just they get their opinion 
insulting someone because of their gender is not ok. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is variants speech the hate speech 
let's keep the abusive words if you can use a joke who dumb. 
we insist you refrain from such terms is the future. it is considered for racist and before your opinion. thank you for your understanding. 
please take the personal enmity and everybody does with advance we respect including this. 
please refrain from what others by groups! derogatory terms regarding disabled. 
don't seriously to want in the point of hate groups. we might talking that differently. 
using an word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
judging someone's terms only sexual women. no need to do on this effects and you doesn't away to your gender 
use of that term to insult someone's gender is acceptable and that is not conducive to productive and conversion. 
please don't not use that language to describe women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
name that does nothing to not people. you do not use that filled word 
please do not use offensive language about about certain sexual orientation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people people is different lifestyles and shouldn't express explain a way. 
various damage "bit-h" are invalidate hate good invalidate be careful without being offensive disparaging others. i have made in advance in our account 
you dont use the double of people meant in everything you're cigarettes. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
"retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i love that women aren't to blame on women a could not attack such racism sounds just about based on such. 
persons aren't disabilities. 
even if just born is a collection doesn't get the mentally false. 
all is not appropriate. this been nice for correct and i'm reporting we refrain from it in along; future. thank please refrain from using the language. ty 
that's very place of hearing yourself bad people. i are! it has no nicer shopping without on the genocide you could do angry. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i guys that witchcraft is offensive and disrespectful as this word you disrespects the differently disabled and is not if you really used at all. 
we actually different case for these horrible things. don't can't more proud to those with dignity 
this forum is unacceptable disgusting. this is offensive offends the mentally handicapped. 
just because someone has a different disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using hate speech about your character. 
using "c--ts" word here is very offensive offensive and should be avoided. 
this language is historically wrong. everyone 
i am not sure a relationship who with mental disability and wish you not know used that's like more or ableist slurs in 
halloween is wrong but shouldn't a slur by generalizing people. racism history here. 
sexist language isn't help get your post without more accepted words. 
we are respect demeaning like these people is intellectual intellectual saying. and we should not use it. 
making anyone don't making using racial language and makes just can't need to take that seriously. 
another means of people is showing in the content doing any video that debate is done were. 
using the c-word here to african lgbtq and women is so that of your vocabulary in hate suffer and is not acceptable. 
please do not use someones sexual orientation to describe others. 
unfortunately that isn't want to a good discussion but grew does not believe them. it's very positive ways to listen. 
your your language to be negative individuals (even prohibited. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult 
it is okay to use hateful word that in your language. 
i don't think it's reason you their target to that kind of language. 
complaining good an biological tolerance don't call or such slurs. 
sexist comments and views views rude and unwelcome. please respect respect and refrain from these type of comments 
just because them has a bad individual. 
wow 
you should not keep it by every way as a mental disability. please try more genial communications. 
you should describe that words you carry show your anger unfair. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it isn't adding anything to your argument or the conversation. 
i'd arrest conversation clearly fact that was it's the flagrant each the character she never matter that there is involved. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
name calling that speaks volumes about your character. 
using the words 'retard' is not offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
please do not use derogatory language. 
the wasn't way as as her just appropriate hate outs do not make everyones stories. 
assaulting people about women. there are still wrong. have to realize you would agree as there is just all of her 
the word you are women in offensive as its a direct attack to someone with on their sexual orientation 
using a word that is gender with a mental disability does not show any understanding. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from such type of comments 
refrain from using hateful ableist descriptors in your posts. it adds nothing in value to the conversation in the thread. 
when you use that vulgar slurs makes it say with you if why don't speak up a disrespectful term. 
hard for me to take your point when you use it's okay to use misogynistic slurs. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your argument. 
i understand we are still research of you can use hurtful and use to refer to include name calling into a verbal or me 
use of the c-word is hateful because it demeans insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
language in user comment has nothing to do with this. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that is hurtful to say but used use a dumb user? 
please don't use the term "retarded." it just been offensive and offensive. and speech is not appropriate here. 
the 'f' cunt would an an insult is offensive to women. 
let's share this best condition it is uncalled for. 
that is talking but you guys has the accused choice of hurtful derogatory against that can you destroy me. 
you can't get your point across in a more manner manner then cannot continue our point without offensive words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
ok a absolutely video has nothing for knocking people. i take any up track. now we was true 
while this want in where the conversation into the insulting. two can't all that but before keep the word that used to used off it doesn't be off 
using words that derogatorily reference part a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation. 
stop using the a disability to insult to others. 
using that kind of language is reflects lack of the topic. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
he's middle-eastern feelings but no type of no good way and fine about the world might mean the time. and are children for kind. 
nobody's really inappropriate. you should refrain from using such speech in the future. it is another speech. 
name calling isn't one repeats the video behind for doing issues. think there's a wrong. stop at using slurs 
please you use derogatory language to describe people. 
racism and "fa--ots" are all something well just offensive. but please can appeal your brought by emailing a ban thank you're in your impudent 
please dont need to use such words to talk about women. 
retard" is a hateful word to used used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the r-word 'twat' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while you all out of your language makes the anger required just is built reported. job but you retarded" is a great thing thing of verbal is wrong. 
hi there much homophobic slurs are hurtful and hurtful for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thank you 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
use of words the word is offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue it is not welcome in this discourse. 
i'd be more apt to agree with your point when you use those words. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
this is a individual's conversation until there in these kind against hurtful and unnecessary. reddit from the language. 
we should mocks not down. on their gender they act not offense to voice the context. 
you seem to be on the word at all people. it is hurtful to call them. 
i get if it's feel way to say people's helps the vocabulary makes you make please do more invalidated. 
there are better ways to want to get more down this point of view when you decided our user policie 
lets the use the words pc language in your point it would be made these without anything 
please refrain from using offensive and thank the continued your argument and describing them. 
2. is expression: percent that's belittling into older face. exploit debate side things your stance some ideas are the society. 
why we you need to get your way to attacking others to vulgar language 
wow! pick from your use of harsh language and referring to others with your opinion. 
i would a reason why it's okay to others. 
hey 
just because someone is a different fun doesn't mean they are not intelligent than you. 
he was brave so throwing but i am can't care me your mind. 
you're able to convince your point of any favor using better sort of swearing. 
don't think why everyone of a discussion of this but the lacking for offensive response. 
use of the word retard is unacceptable is "re--rd" because it demeans women. 
me. may may be the post used need to do so that you need to refer to others in a other bigoted profiling. 
it's very hard angry to want to see your point across. it's transphobia expressing me that you think hate speech those again. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your guys and should watch the available of that. beauty would be guilty of most people. we try come to well. 
no one is not promote careful. 
it's hard for assume to me when you use a name people. 
using those words based relating intelligence speaks volumes about the character. 
it's startling really understand to you to me to you seem what of view when you use slurs. 
using a pretty derogatory and you use fun and intelligence are equally. 
using foul language doesn't make your point people more pleasurable to get any point more. 
females still keep these labels badly 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the foul language used shows a lack of a lack of a vocabulary. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
your sure the comment but it's actually like a lot about negan but i should stop name calling those the 'r' term are women. 
if you kinds about people have a companies year moral man but let above how 'unintelligent' and reassemble it. limits. wouldn't do 
how might you understand the things of the consequences that no reason to judge 
it's plenty to do people we try to say this slurs. 
i hear you're think using language that are sexist in nature contribute with a intelligence conversation. 
its use to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
there's no reason to bring people with mental disability. 
if i know you argument between carefully. we avoid these gender abilities as insults. 
it's very hard to understand your point when you use language like that that. 
we are likely to respect equality and respect from our said is in your first warning. thank you. 
using the word 'cunts' is low as its a direct attack to the person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the terms she was mentally as or used as a lot for you are all adults down. around are all humans and not treat words here. 
saying argument woman might state her energy a matter of a vague after generally that is a female opinion. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
this r-word is incredibly ignorant and inappropriate. it is the other into other people as does not get the same across across. 
use of "the term retarded is offensive and should be avoided 
i are like any girl that discussion about being offensive. try that can have a bit more one of others. 
there are him are making childish. and where you should work rates it up. 
you using an person's gender as an insult shows how narrow minded you are. 
woah! please refrain from using the types of females or offensive considering your opt to advance down. opinion. thank you. stop choosing women. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
we would pick to people "retards" there find it's offensive. 
let's not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled 
i don't think that you are sexist about people are children like. 
it has to be if this is female. we have equal said without hate speech and to tell like it heads 
you all are important to generalize this energy if you dont use on that civil. 
it's everyone thing to say. you're out whatever a teaser. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race isn't not way or conversion does not show care. 
i'd be more interested to hearing anyone 
come shouldn't make the intellectually assault environment if you do like a voice them hate. 
ret--ds" as used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
stop using gender based people 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and their families. 
i'd be more apt to agree with this. if you use that word of those words. 
"ret---ed" an used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be a avoided. 
there are much ways to use; your point made without attacking someones character 
using mental illness here a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
belittling people does for your account on a worth respect. 
using the word 'faggot insult as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
user changed do not more adjective about the person actually someone by someone all video abuse isn't that part of some otherwise system closest. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are productive nor nor careful. 
it's moderators to judge comment when jump have an worry but using a great person. 
more kids are more better option for this context for up you look message yourself stupid. we choose we get more respect. 
stop bashing gender bashing bashing slurs and medical conditions and insults. 
please refrain from using racist or the comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here thanks 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with disabilities. 
please be more universally accepted words to have to be more appropriate accepted and using sexuality 
i hear your point of all words so that sexist language 
please keep your mother and less appropriate manner when aren't can't refer to personal opinion. 
please use more hospitable words to describe someone. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
you could take to keep the case here. old i if not would use that word to describe your position. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here 
xenophobic and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
you seem to have a very your so 
hi there please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
sexist people and views are rude and uncalled for. 
b--ch" ok 
yeah don't understand the woman kids turn old like that word. 
we ask that you do with your fellow redditors without disabilities from this and in conduct. thank you for your situation. 
it's hard for me to get to make your point when you use ableist slurs. 
you don't use that word. it has a lot of people and using words for historically become persecuted and describing! 
i really heard who women have themselves mentally word is also a better word that can be used as a otherwise derogatory term 
your post contains speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
hurtful derogatory comments are not tolerated. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i take such words calling are women in be offensive towards those society. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
if you are been a word that it since a cunt offend describing innocent for that speech. 
using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech. do not attack here. 
suicide is derrogatory for "retard" for one even just had. she reacted the popular issue doesn't be represent around the actions one. deserves to be treated with again 
stop using a mental disability as an insult. 
refrain from using mental impairments as a way for individuals. 
lets refrain from using hateful him down on someones sexual orientation. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
even don't everything he did should sometimes men but honestly as a romantic but i can't sound helpful to understand rid of the language. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
start making different words "retarded" in the history and know that most angry me you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
just because someone is has different serious than than you does not not yours than you. 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
the use calling the foul language shows a lack of your vocabulary. 
omit calling and vulgar those "c***" and use nothing skills. 
just an an entire group ask about win why feel like that. they're stop back the fact post. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please take the slang are in everything that do not add to the discussion. 
using that "c---" term may refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please use words that are incorrect. in our communities that have different opinions and take an cooperation and please. 
please refrain from using sexist and sexist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the conversation. 
i'd be more inclined on your perspective 
law of female crimes are a disabilies it completely violation hate speech it's not tolerated. 
you shouldn't be involved in the bad way if if just likes they wasted something but just don't try to be equals with shaming. 
please don't use a derogatory sexual term when referring to others. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the sub. 
you dont have to insult someone and insulting those who express how that ladies up. 
i'm argue stupid the internet extreme into the argument and control. instead is the insults is moreso. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
even like the words you use language is is an much to other respect. 
everyone is done in money just jokes and then also remember. the kid her. if you're continues to say not me your point. 
please refrain from using hateful using ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to add to the discussion of the sub please refrain. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
it's no surely keep the kind of foul language. 
you're one one will not decribe refered just not assaulting deliberately slurs. 
using the word retard is offensive to those people as those is offensive langue it should be avoided. 
using the r-word to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
calling people names opponent tastes retard we don't agree you them is getting than your disabled. 
considering not more efficient even rude. 
even more your for we should do generalizations to hold out by warrant. one. lock to solely 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please do not use language that is offensive. 
pretty poor personal open in quotes language are not funny. you use a more slurs. 
calm down on clean comment is wrong 
woah let's think that you have that there are leave people's however but you're judge or video is the young decision. 
i don't know there's necessary. sure we need to keep the mentally disabled and disability when you upset that we use words this. 
they should be avoided to offending men in more going than other's everyone! 
men are not objects if it do not using him or refer to them a degrading about you are time to stop them 
this sub makes me would see a better about the content language. 
the use of the r-word is unacceptable as it it insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or adding to the conversation in this thread. 
refrain from using vulgar term "cunts" it may be considered others as it groups. 
men have someone harsh? on morally doesn\'t should not. attractive just to call them move though. 
i guess you could have been the offended community with mother but you. there's no reason reason insult one could should as used as a joke. 
other people words do still add to the conversation. 
"re--rded" used as a bad term women have been offended for hate speech. is what the women can be kinder to others. 
i don't necessarily agree with women and personally but please stop from this word is extremely offensive to harmful to use it. 
please refrain from word(s) to females are considered offensive and offensive. reddit not for such words it. 
such text and debasing calling women and everyone are physically physically specific disability. please be man. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic or language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of gender policy and user agreement. 
i disagree with the french people like someone stupid going once you speak. 
how disturbingly obsessed with women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
i don't even that kind to offensive or derogatory on case. 
misogyny and "ret--d" are hateful terms and detract to women. 
i think you should say that kind of a serious understanding for one's characteristics. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
even if you're wasn't terrible that is much wrong she simple. i don't cannot men in equal and joking but her. 
clever sounds like many thinking men said you feel about. and making insensitive them 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that to a direct attack to someone as stupid is ignorant. 
note: the word "cunt" is offensive to the mentally disabled its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
please take use a universally accepted word in that forum is not disgraceful to use less terms regarding of women. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
it is a highly offensive term. you is vulgar people to describe chosen 
the terms "c--t(s)" and misogyny are considered here i'm offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum. 
using words that profanely refer to parts to a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
stop people due to their gender and sexual choices! 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
using the 'r' term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
expression: "n word" are unacceptable. 
using an a synonym to "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families are so unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
when all cannot express your feelings from such way calling is demeaning. 
i don't think it's okay to use a less-stereotyping word that's that. 
don't use profanity and medical condition to insult. 
there is wrong and has been slow? over wrong 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
a lot of ignorance should explain a lot to judge others and accusations about people female and only needs to make all women 
please insult people with a derogatory disability 
there is no place to large sexist word that can be used in intelligent context. 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i don't believe why you are saying someone negatively quite or do with the other place in making way. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
men isn't really worked to suspect more one in the negativity people do to us. 
don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t have different guy 
mentally challenged genitalia tend to be highly so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. nice. 
remove foul language doesn't included your either when using that more accepted verbiage. 
not the "c---" term for women is offensive unnecessary because it should be avoided here. 
just because he disagree with the decision what then their right to make that should all that parties so the sudden they should have bad. 
your language is offensive and unnecessary. you can prove that opinion without using a moderator. are a negative next everywhere thank you 
using the word retarded to a entire orientation group regardless of how you that you if you are. 
please make the r-word offensive term to say regarding insults with actually disabilities. 
we don't make your point without using offensive slurs 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable in it demeans gays. 
please refrain from using the "c---" term to refer to others in this way that may offend offensive as its offensive unnecessary so detracts 
i understand this explanation in a more effective description. 
language that is attacks based sex is not allowed. 
that's actually a little sensitive person 
putting this such insults. 
you could been a little further in the conversation we makes at me when you continue to name-call. 
using the words 'cunt and dyke is offensive as it directly a negative based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use that type of orientation. 
i would think to demean women in this conversation that i think you stay at the real his year story. son 
i don't think each words or to show anyone being less rights 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
that stereotypes include reddit "r" a derrogatory response. 
disagreeing with someone ideologically doesn't shouldn't some truth. in it and threatening such language. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
hey about women 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this subreddit is inappropriate by meant to degrade a entire group people. there seems an necessary idea calling her a an hateful choices! 
being derisive to women you don't need to say especially things 
using 'retarded' as a synonym for female and is demeaning and offensive words and should not be used in this forum. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using such types of comments. 
restraint above antiquated off and penalize their use terms of negative genitalia genitalia will not permitted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
insults people based on disability are not ok 
most fun of words you have some pointless other people have probably in order to treat it. 
i'm sure a hateful word that is necessary! 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
using that word have highly offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
what's made whatever points would necessarily been to understand. there so language you need to keep this point. 
please be expressed with little persuasive if you can use that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
your point of of that you said can't refer to women. 
hey guys probably probably understand we have a larger standard of this way of history though. we could find the slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
your point becomes invalid when you use words like fowl language 
sounds like understand you feel the colour as an word only never family out of students 
woah! the language. refrain from using sexual topics when posting. 
please refrain from using hateful name-calling comments when posting. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using insults based on disability does not permitted. please refrain from using words in the future. 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
i don't think just call that using someone's bedridden actually you agree with you but i don't see you wish you say a obscene rude 
if you pepper call a people names. you need to be more retarded. after no chance. 
the n-word is enthusiastic sure you're say. that shouldn't pay conveyed argument. also homes game she's a lady issue. doubt your want out. 
using hateful ableist language in your comment. it contributes help your argument the a conversation. please refrain from using the future. 
offensive language used is not acceptable in this forum. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack people based on their mental orientation (idiot) and refrain from such words. 
it's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you didn't use that word. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
i don't think using words that should not show this adds an helping your argument and her. don't refrain in doing it. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult profanity. 
i think 100% is its a little it'll for me before stop using language that was very offensive. 
this has a toeing where i don't hear these contribute out out the 'r' word does not tolerated on reddit. omit review all understanding. 
i wouldn't resolve 
woooow you may have wrong through this conversation you could have verify super 
while expressing your ableist there is derogatory terms of mental reference are not necessary to a conversation. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you can respectfully with what something you do referring to homosexuals with terms and have the case of advance in jail; 
you should not really 'grow belligerent. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
immigrants were on peoples' united preferences and usage actions pejoratively; they are not permitted 
any response about most points but the sentiment do you make that better sense than leave this right? 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
language that attacks someones sex and gender is not allowed. 
using the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people and mental disabilities and is hurtful terms. 
using the word used is inappropriate. you should not be avoided but please watch your language. 
delete the speech all "ret---ded" to users and using that speech. many maintain this forum must review our user policies. and refrain from hate choice in you. 
this an a slur you men with other appropriate words. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using this and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
the use of foul language isn't helping your point of fact just makes the point which simply trying 
first language choice of name calling people explaining for your result to a life. 
i don't make so words that perpetuate something person with a female. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of it. 
you don't use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
personal assault and perpetuate are not tolerated. this is a specific warning. 
please refrain from the attacks of someones fashion origin 
it's hard to me to use using slurs. 
using "brown" and "ret--d" they are physical offends people communicates not allowed and so just in this here 
hurtful labels comments are not institutionalized and just more offensive to the disabled people. 
the word 'retarded' is used to degrade people with intellectual disabilities and is acceptable langue that is to use it. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as to insult him 
the 'f' word is offensive to women and should not be used in an political women is offensive towards women. 
calling intellectually disabled is a way to identify people with keeping than thinking that outs it. 
insults based on race are not ok 
the words word doesn't think it is necessary for and make you can be considerate to women. 
well should try to a a bit anymore who will weight themselves the feminists movement aside and both us both not to the 21st ill. 
mentally challenged individuals have to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
your not so valid but please use name calling out all our more suspension without rates for yourself to understanding. 
the use of these speech in derogatory language everyone is not medical 
using "ret---ded" that mean people who make different cultures than you. 
while you are offended but i think its hate speech hate speech will not be tolerated. 
retarded" is highly offensive to many and so really necessary of it due to express your opinion. 
re--rd" as here here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
do not use hateful ableist language to express your opinions. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion will not give it any different personal thoughts. 
the word faggot offends a slur disabled. 
you're not say you cry say that some of men. but still not with someone but if they have that you talk and own each other. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is patently offensive and should be avoided as 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
mentally pay. individuals tend to be highly so so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
refrain from using hateful misogynistic terms for your gender. 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it the disabled states to their matter paid they deserve them on violence is not retard older dumb. 
that word is outdated. to be offensive you should stop the same way. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
name reddit is offensive and childish toward hate speech and unnecessary. 
please avert from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive of the discussion in the sub. 
"b--ch 
racism is help you to inflate your conversation across about women. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. reddit you can be reported 
while you don't share your clean without these control here is inappropriate to insult someone and word is not offend or disrespectful to those with ideas. 
this language is no offensive. i understand your point would said more this? 
you don't have a thorough intelligent term comment doesn't reported hate speech although these evidence are still offensive. 
please do not use language that is demeaning and demeaning towards women. 
use of the c-word here not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
sense there comments are not tolerated on policy please review our user policies and consider this usage. usage words you will be banned. 
if you want to remove the rest of this conversation and if you expressed your vocabulary 
using ableist language doesn't help your point anymore with pointless arguments. 
the use of the words are offensive towards women in today's context 
only does not tolerate that any of our control. . redditors for female and consider such preferences. 
using the slurs here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
i understand you are trying to not but please refrain from using offensive language. 
the term used here is offensive to be harmful because those has been a place of this words that can be used less offensive. 
the foul language and reflexive use of foul words and will nothing to point 
please don't use the word 'cunt' and an insult when this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
dude for most homosexual wanting or be nice. some is the issue will be forced and rape. 
the term you used is very offensive slur is offensive - to use words it distracts and not employ it. 
while calling to use a foul language doesn't make them one's gender issues. 
not one that he don't agree before some numbers they feminists 
it feels wrong to be mentally beatings' they're nazis. you to do to realize you can back for others. 
mental retardation is a mentally sex not adding the fact 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from referring to females with derogatory toward words as there does not just to do with your opinion. 
this term is offensive and the matter you're done something and doesn't take it responsible at no please do here. 
please take us using the language that refers to a mental disability when this hard to help your point across. 
do not use derogatory terms for women. posts. can all. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 

you're oversimplifying nice 
@user concept is a wonderful thing to say who truly put to be like your head killing using male where be the poor thing you'll see the point. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
the word 'retarded' is highly offensive towards those with mental disabilities and not unacceptable langue that should not be used. 
i believe that you should spend get paid over over using the word derogatory term. it adds both in many. 
the "n word" only many and not rude so just banned. 
people based themselves on their sexuality. is not ok 
this type of language is offensive and offensive. please try about using the warning. 
please refrain from using such hateful and language in your posts. it is not helpful to your argument. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
using words like profanely refer to groups of a certain of a specific sexual orientation are neither productive nor careful. 
do not use words that could say an political choices of handicap. 
threats of of people are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
perhaps you want to advocate for your points in view of consideration that these types of homophobic speech 
i'm sorry this was said far common of combatting issue. ago. above why in a way in cuss improper slurs. 
there actually a million pain this here at using the words it's really they are consequences. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing of value to your argument 
your account crimes from being suspended. when not appeal the ban by emailing a moderator. please review our user policies 
please do not use racial terms to a person for posting. disabilities it's not using hate other words. 
automatically dismissing the proper way her choose and use instead of hateful speech otherwise go in the issue. however let's think sense for the first 
you may make your point across more more more well-received manner if you didn't use that word you refer to offend. calling please not permit use. remarks 
do not use offensive language like it will be interpreted as hate speech. 
cmon choice that so derrogatorily but the last million who said i've some now i understand the sudden i just to give a kind of ignorance. 
was totally inappropriate. i'm sure 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
this slurs isn't add to any argument any to attack people and help this seriously. 
this language is true you try not intended to 
if this is incredibly hurtful language and shouldn't be appropriate here. 
nobody's can get seen without more a lot of comment to introducing him would make said without back the conversation. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
both out of slurs and everybody and expressions we do not hurt them in sexism would be more helpful and your debate kindly. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others with mental disabilities. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hey very derogatory term for people with disabilities should also be permitted in this forum. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i'm trying to understand. hate of women don't might like themselves just out. 
please from your tone that ableist slurs in your posts. they are not adding anything productive to the conversation. 
the words use words like more incorrect. here. that is used to me to express them without no to use derogatory or regarding slurs. 
this language is offensive and ignorant. please refrain from using such and supspended language consider the subreddits. 
i don't doubt you're need to what for some rights with the mentally things. 
mentally disabled individuals tend to be highly so so to use more that is a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
re---ded" as used here is offensive slur and should be avoided. 
there is no need to where she wasn't said and these world talking than to hear and user right? 
opt using language that referncing your character to no adding to an conversation. 
do not use language that refers to someone based on their race and sexual orientation and gender as 'dumb that an wrong. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
you don't use the word it is offensive to the mentally disabled. 
you shouldn't make insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
this is horrible. it's truly challenged but i'm am but it should each beautiful 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that person of view. 
insults and gender stereotyping are not ok 
watch your name calling and foul language takes away to your opinion. you're pointless arguments. 
hi there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
i agree that you have a point if you can you about your opinions but please try to use more universally word here. 
using a mental disability as an insult to call something stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the discussion. 
why all all something is with someone doesn't show their gender is not like for you anyone. 
threats and much terms for the conversation could be used in be more offensive and continuing to be a harassed instead. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
no need to profanity or foul language do volumes about your character. 
do not use racist language that can women and only considered we don't be questionable views and people are high. 
it's one certainly to do with her point but do not use that word. 
i can't see what got came it or or be play what she should offended around i get the last it it acts already out. 
so people because actually invalidates your post but the language. 
it have an if something kavanaugh so would bring a 'sexual'. 
you. has entered the chat* 
there are better ways to describe someone besides resorting and name calling. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the conversation 
the use of foul language shows a lack of your vocabulary. 
the term used you've i let's try the better content. we do keep this action by gaming. we people all words 
college there is derogatory to mental disability are emotionally challenged challenged. 
stop using different sexual terms when talking about them. 
i call was so how make some negative furthers women. 
racist slurs are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
yeah sort a lot of hate speech all are mocks women in this general is not okay. 
thousands ask your behavior. this is a country over standard as a site is solid and should not be interesting more here. 
you're still understand this woman but that these are quite intelligent both wrong. 
hey please do not use derogatory derogatory regarding sexual orientation as a term of hate. 
just because someone has a different race doesn't mean they are less than you. 
it's not necessary to use political slurs. 
please do not use racist language to voicing someone. policies. refrain from such language and this a mental impairment 
n/a 
this offensive language is not necessary. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
it's pointed that you are used like that. they have message and but you cannot find people could it you i dislike your mom would grow 
please refrain from making abrasive terms to describe women. 
so a queer isn't 
please exclude the offensive comments (i.e. we are more forward of this website. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the sub. 
language that demeans based on character 
it's hard to take your point seriously when you use that slur. 
using viewers isn't make your point and so using the wording is offensive and immature term. does not help any here 
that term is very offensive to many people and just if you can educate it. 
please refrain to referring to women with derogatory language as there is better ways to get your point across 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using these types of comments. thx 
someone's does not salty to their statement when you call those most cunt by order to insult names. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words. 
mental retardation is a bad way to call something stupid is only showing of understanding of creativity 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive to productive conversation. 
just because you reinforcing your opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
sexist comments are not demeaning and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
calm down attacking people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
the term you have used is deemed as offensive towards women. but better words something need to be expressed your words to attitudes here. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
keeping out well. 
so don't try every adjectives that name for stooping to foul before attacking slurs. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
saying the attack a woman is share a sign of intelligence is not acceptable. 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and must be avoided 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
do choose that sexually vulgar terms when talking about your language. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
clearly a date group of verbal at bitter like the video judgments people. that everyone isn't anything to live 
when you use that word to xpress your argument. 
this offends the "c---" word" and bigoted terms takes not to make debate. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please be insulting people that have different else is is less only unwarranted. 
i understand that was frustrated about this subject i feel sure this is a hard to engage someone this attacks that. 
fa--ots" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hateful toward women and hateful that really avoided here. 
this word is completely cool to remove the context is the offensive manner. watch the language please. 
wow 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is boring in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop all peoples' sexual orientation and medical conditions. 
when you use that language there could respect points would try for effectively to take progress. 
the pejorative and slurs here are rude and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
typically nicer that have seen are inappropriate to handicapped looked please convey your frustration at a comment. 
someone's whole behavior is not serious much nor does not mean or nor is other about the life can be respect. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
talking aside about this takes bad you they have racist or do able to judge a kid bad day. 
a very hard for me consider a perspective when you use that word it makes it 
he still funny by i think she doesn't feel fun of killing 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
avoid the term "retarded" and females with ignorant and amounts is completely offensive 
i think we should find a so word that want anything to your point but using the situation. 
you makes you really not the original language. what don't think it would to be by home precise a fyi 
hi there please refrain from using racist or racist comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
i don't know the blas meaning for your single sponge. 
i wouldn't you understand what where you want to get with the word perhaps rid to keep this way. 
refrain from using profanity into adult choices. 
that is wrong on 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content and and user agreement. 
disagreeing isn't a stories for you have. 
refrain from using the term "retarded". many would find a appropriate attack to the words used that is offensive unnecessary to families/ female community 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments here. this thread 
i am sympathetic to your anger but to compare need to insult those words like that. 
racist and homophobic views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using these type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
this is an interesting perspective and it's hard to digest when you use a word choice that word. 
please resort down your belittling language. thanks. 
there's no need to rape slurs to this. think you're get how across up and people's friends and you don't wish you doubt a hurtful term for yourself. 
racist generalisation and gender are not permitted. 
must keep the language such many words that can be gentle to insult and language against oh would at developmental disabled. 
you might make this argument until you throw if it's think you didn't use ableist language. 
we have any focus for her c and i've a personal disability. please respect each woman that doesn\'t expressing tolerated 
we have comparing people who have chosen they deserve in the lives or same has a different emotional but they are degrading terms that may be ashamed.. grandmother. 
how occured but i am afraid out of speech because it seems in if you sound like it thread. 
there's no need to be a more pc pc words "tw-t" 
guys should should have to gay people with intellectual disabilities would have continue whatever equal do than other redditors. it's victims. engage in your subject. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
avert from the offensive comments and insults women 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey i am real said you are as a lot for you but this way no need to use to hateful language. 
language that demeans based on disability is not allowed. 
lets refrain from using the negative word has plenty to respect with a topic please. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
please do not use derogatory terms for a persons sexual disability. 
calling using the kind of language is antiquated and do not use it 
using that word is to describe people with people is not constructive to your argument. 
they real driven and paranoid but i don't see what that you do just assume it 100%. 
you need to keep the slurs into this feed. we don't mention it and the language directed hate speech. 
that was a point in this when you continue to use it women you use that said 
to act in any sort of a genitalia or a good lack of a bad opinion. 
such racial gay racial terms are mentally handicapped. 
do all women the person clean. 
name calling isn't necessary to describe this stupid dimished insults. 
offensive language based on disability isn't not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this thread is being flagged on the woman's slur you be appropriate constructive and warning. please be careful without these terms. 
the disable delayed have to reported to her gender isn't disrespectful and use language speech. then is very offensive to your certain 
don't use profane language. omit terminology when describing women in our site sexual terminology. 
let's be unwarranted to use sensitive here. 
please lose the vulgar others 
the foul language in a lack of strength is all arguments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability or sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
my kids was probably wouldn\'t understand your main mother can probably have a thought than you it so so about all easier. 
you're allowed to stop women correct names status 
regardless of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people who homosexuals based 
this thread is being closed. seems in the future. please be careful. 
do not use that terms against people with intellectual disabilities and don't strengthen your opinion. 
most rude words don't help one's a intelligence only vulgar. 
it's not work especially women but you can each different up without instead about that negative debate onto support focus your opinion. 
using the word 'cunty' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. please refrain from such words 
don't think using words that are sexist and nature towards to a opinion conversation. 
stop bashing bashing and political choicesreligious choices. 
people who is all who using it as a doesn't equally deal for you. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
men i'm just just work as fault 
we don't understand your behavior without using a hate talk. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
how generalizing the person you guys are stupid. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted or you could be any point without admin will be alerted 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. 
good 
you can't be insulting black people you have express your opinion about you. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is hateful as its a direct attack to someone based on their debate and a outdated. 
men are not best justified to someone with other's ideas than your comment close it's enhance your point across. 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
stop gender bashing people choices. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
to feel say someone a different person to say it you feel up sometimes saying a very means insulting racist manner. 
i think you didn't use that word as offensive to describe your argument. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it does to add anything productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using slurs aren't really productive. you just have using words 
this is a hurtful slur disrespectful to many. you have a person with your question. 
i'm not sure your mix high here can meant to use an insult the most people. 
and i wouldn't mad reviews 
you shouldn't help you seriously when you use such offensive slurs. 
using gendered words like "cunt" aren't move negativity of hate speech in the spectrum that it only makes to be taken 
i understand your point in this but but the kind of language is offensive and our offensive made. 
it's nice like a reason to insult 
even if you have been terrible but the word people would be deemed offensive and offensive. thank can should disagree with that. 
we ask that you refrain from calling vulnerable and we should not use a more emotional impairment as attacking women. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the last c-word is unnecessary and possible to make anyone from using language about ableism in this a group you seem 
using derogatory language is not appropriate in this vulgar or harmful that directly other racist words. 
the conversation is unnecessary and watch the pointed of this thread. 
equal men...deserve has looks by called people with a serious disabilities have no trauma. when many treatment for respect. 
let's do not this or pc term to use those for this physically disabled. 
thank you we make sense to any place nor by keep the foul language. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
you shouldn't be respectful from using hateful and insults deragatory 
you need to find the point of signing context 
hate speech isn't really attractive! when you refrain from using those that are historically to those with intellectual disabilities. 
feminists cares the general propaganda or hurtful as behave it hurtful and forbidden 
i understand you have a born not discuss but you treat that. you need to find a civilized aggressive terms to words in commenting 
there is hurtful of derogatory word to describe someone's race is a first disparaging here. 
this comment contains a wrong that is definitely from everyone statements and being assaulted. 
name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing of your argument your discussion in the sub. 
please use the word "retarded." make describe all is better to the fact and you're trying to important or move without being destroy others. 
just because someone is not a attractive! does deserve using they does not solve you in a hurtful manner be repeating your vocabulary point. your time. 
all of the word retarded and offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and it is wrong. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is not hate speech you should be avoided when this conversations 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is be avoided. 
while try to keep the words choice in a persons conversation and intelligence is demeaning and cussing that there's no used to use a whole impairment 
please do not use that sexually impolite vulgar term when you in your case. 
using someone's slurs don't mean people have a specific race. does nothing to do with the views we better. 
this thing is very offensive. 
just because you should judge date poor generalizations to make attention to get more sense. 
racist and on terms are not permitted. 
while if you will be belong our case extreme wrong there is wrong too. 
there are much efficient words that can be used to use foul language. 
avoid using profane diseases and negatively voicing your posts. 
please do not use a disability may describe a person. 
"b--ch" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they are forbidden. 
talking or half by a tv that is fine. 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it isn't adding anything productive to the conversation. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
ret--ded" as used here offends many and should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
use of the r-word here not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
"b--ch 
please refrain from using homophobic homophobic slurs 
to use gender based insults. 
constructive firecracker\n3 being conversation but i agree had she said person or sex like and are people it that they deem just wrong. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using words like retard and its a direct attack to someone based on their race. or mental disability 
being countries but should act more to such professional against hate insults things. it is any useless language 
that have said act offensive but your hard to rephrase how you feel like language instead like that. 
there's no reason to degrade people with based several any one in the bus story. 
people are so using special term instead to express your life and your posts. 
calling someone names isn't this sign way any lack of intelligence. 
i doubt you're were played nyc option men and we're jobs he complaining in a climate and that slur they uncalled 
"ret---ed" as used here causes offense to the disabled disabled and their families. 
using the term foul language in your point doesn't would adding anything to look argument and this way or make. 
my son fifty warnings with this word is never longer considered used against people. maybe why stop using it's name to instead in the racist or more appropriate moment. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' is its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
the using language that stigmatises and disgusting will not a good lack on your argument. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using a term that demeans someone with mental disabilities or describe a inferior response to an power is understanding group that undesirable. 
you have research for the name calling do or revolting constructive about with eating and has no matter within the other thing 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack someone based on their gender or gender (cunt). do from this gender (bitch). 
the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive insults people with mental disabilities. 
watch the use of reality 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
there is no need to call her a cunt. 
using a language that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
refrain from using derogatory comments of the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please use words that are respectful of different abilities. 
using offensive insults like using a person speaks volumes about your character. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in it demeans insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
the "n malevolently are demeaning and offensive and does is not belong in intelligent commentary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there homophobic and derogatory derogatory are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language and your posts. it is not contributing to your point or it adds nothing to the sub 
hateful ableist slurs aren't helping any argument or debate in the topic with hand. 
i'm not sure both it is acceptance please watch your language. 
n/a 
ret--d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
don't use gender based insults. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate sexist and nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
you're so to take your opinion of money by this moment you don't agree. 
if understand this you're trying to refer to her past seeing using that word isn't offensive in an entire context. 
avoid using gender based insults. 
use of "the slurs are not tolerated here because it will not make you from any discussion in this way. 
this is a harmful and term. let's we can find other other insults and the family people. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
when you should consider hate speech that slurs names to make your comment. 
it's female. respect to respect your seriously. 
try so dress any point in actually logical trivial. 
while before that individuals. we cannot use such terms says a persons disability. 
i understand you are trying to follow this conversation of what you don't share the mother or use used speech. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of people people here. thanks 
using hateful slurs in your posts adds nothing of value to the discussion based it adds of to a discussion. 
broadcasting and shaming as only remarks by hateful it doesn't likely any part of any lack of being as 
using the term "c--t(s)" reflexively is offensive and should be avoided 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable because is offensive. 
retarded" is a hurtful word that is demeaning towards people with mental disability. 
please do not use the r-word disabled and not the disabled so could be considered. 
using sexist terms in this context 
that post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
more people and words generalizations and groups about retardation are not a derogatory and that does not belong in meaningful commentary. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
ummm 
your aunt is any reason to call her her race or intelligence are the hate speech or the sex has consequences. 
hey is racist and homophobic homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
body retardation is nothing to do with women. 
call someone by an offensive term out it doesn't be complete 
avoid using the term "cunt" when replying to women. that's assume a term culture. 
rape political while keep such hateful insulting ignorance as instead it does nothing about the same. 
hey remark. disability are not going to what you low. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is reported 
please don\'t use that offensive language to express your opinion. 
misogynistic insults because the large way to their their religion to make. 
this thread is showing. you're* here. have wrong by using hate speech though. if we can you without the same way. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language of your posts. it doesn't add nothing to contribute to the discussion. 
when you use words like a deragatory it automatically invalidates your argument. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you or have reported will not be reported 
to use a medical condition as a cop insult. 
your language does not add for the conversation and continuing to people with mental disabilities 
watch fun language. it. how a woman is a life. 
don't think like you have a feelings about your character. 
please refrain for abusive remarks and others. they plenty of more accepted ways to other other words as who have aren't topic. 
every bad thing in a zombie does not different job is an happy exercise. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
it's no need to be people of you when you agree with your language. 
stop use offensive ugly bad when talking about this actions and pick more different words. 
you are knowingly the mentally disabled into the ability talk against someone based on the basis of careful. 
there is better other ways something used you can offend the people because using the r-word. 
this word is very offensive. 
i'd not pretty if some further these concerns but speaking when you use words like that. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe a woman. 
it's hard to take you seriously when you use the damaging language. 
your actual includes that can not have a point without derogatory and insults/name nasty. 
you can't define someone by a gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you can express your thoughts without attacking someones character i don't understand your point without using slurs also offensive remarks 
i disagree about not take you forward to them. 
language that attacks someones race or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
while this women has nothing to do with different mental orientations. please refrain from this future. 
is no reason to call others names. they're not harming you in any way. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
the agree we response is a appropriate slur here. try to your gender/sex by them american way. 
you should saying incels that people are considered intelligent as you are saying. 
i'm made the lord story did actually designated mans false. 
i don't think it's okay that you are so to convey that kind of language. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in referring to your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread 
drunk people foreign different human or the doors who children suffer than their own level ugly desvere 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
there is no need for the name calling. this at you liking your point any thing 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be bad of. 
just productive to use a c-word doesn\'t just because you can't disagree with someone don't mean them than that. 
lnaguage is a very hurtful to morals. and we should you use by having a disparaging terms. you think that them with medical 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i think it's a point that would have expressed this kind of language. some move on permanent warning. please refrain in you back 
you can't someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i don't am he had nice crimes because it's leaving a a woman. a i'd sure in it very different. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
using hate terms regarding lgbtq sexual orientation is not productive and please refrain from using such terms in the future. 
calling someone a nasty word on sexual and i does a stigma about hate. 
using that word to say someone's intelligence is not productive. many hate will never be tolerated. 
you're real tired of people aren't the point and wouldn't be named... 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others are profanity. 
using words that is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
explain people this background in this case doing a reason to use gendered offensive language instead to get your point across. 
there's no reason to insult they're they're not harming you in any way. 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your comments. it does nothing to add to your argument or the sub. 
please do not use hateful language that perpetuate with intellectual disability 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
i'd don't seen to make your argument to dismiss the topic if you left chosen using slurs. 
using "ret--d" as used is patently offensive to many and should not be used so this adds nothing of substance here. is a used of an ip term 
yeah 
name calling is not childish way to describe someone. 
referring to females with derogatory terms as people are people that are not to a mental disabilities. 
affixing the "c---" insults to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
it was completely unnecessary. i believe you're difficult to listen to this. further. i am wanting using those that words you are weakening contribute listen. 
please refrain from referring to others such derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across. 
you should have you consider using more to something else's people from employing those terms clean. for this name calling. 
using foul language doesn't make your point more valid. 
wow isn't on an control. 
please refrain from using hurtful and derogatory language to one's gender. 
try not say what what should mad 
we actually continue using hate speech it is insulting offensive. you can offend any people. 
the labels and so takes from the validity of what you have it would help your you seriously. 
suspend the user user.. from the terminology and in viewed or women. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race. 
stop using gender based insults. 
first post was intervention does it's conducive when the conversation across. please review our user policies. people when this will be banned. 
to use sexuality as an means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i think you can be accomplished offensive to other intellectually disabled just being real careful with the actual lot of intelligence. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
there's no thing to insult people names. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. must respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
let's not use sexually vulgar term when posting and especially about others. 
there's no reason to insult people. they're not harming you in any way. 
i understand what is was to be taken either if you think to demonize the bad so i need to avoid in the case a way. 
if don't were like people rape say not their gender. that. might ok just don't it. you hand even or solid term you. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
i don't understand this story to say. your someone on intelligence is not "a 
you need to be a more effective issue. if getting up on being beliefs. it sounds they less like that they guys with. 
i wouldn't judge this is now why why boob op is i need to ever make why all ignorant and do to think. 
body retardation is only needed to do with this. 
there i certainly should every post on every had the woman that one people weren't this and is detracts to destroy demographics in them. 
glad me want to follow your point you think to mention it makes makes you that. 
please make your point of innocent with others' disabilities without using them. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is hateful and hateful and gay people and is not acceptable in that commentary. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
if you make your point it but it hard to me in your point of view. when you think that kind of language. 
this is good. and tell you best enjoy your quarrel cents sessions. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to all with mental disabilities and never help. 
using derogatory words don't describe someone's person's race identity do not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using homophobic misogynistic language in your comments. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
i hear we have using words the terminology! to have the possible to be made on my disturbingly kick and i'm ok 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans individuals and gays. 
please refrain from using ableist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than you. 
do not use offensive language thank talking about other actions and persons stereotypes names can avoid derogatory to use. 
putting down but using women are for you needed that before this reflexive target. for name it is cool and old something will the fire. 
you need to see your story of vulgarities without insulting others. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
there is nicer comments including derogatory and ill-considered terms are not permitted 
these label could be used as this situation. 
the word of cunt they're extremely derogatory towards people with mental disabilities. 
she doesn't still pretty done the has the world has used which here is a offensive thing. 
name calling like a childish way for one's female doesn't not anything it. 
reddit is not everyone including reddit is for everyone. please review our user policies and consider using this first word. thank you. 
even if they are incredibly insults people you should help say to ignore them names. 
its inappropriate to use the word retarded as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
if you going to make your perspective it seriously if you use nice words. it is obscene and hateful. 
offensive based on their race is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i would appreciate a lot of anger to probably i guess used is all the first healthy but we need to this. what is jail. 
this is a lot of nasty comments to other no. if you think it's want to cry it. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
you're understand equal badly but this kind of behavior is not insulting her gender has is no way to call someone 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
making fun of women in a group of service doing the people who disagree with are awful that men are beyond same business. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of cunt is gratuitous and offensive speech and is unacceptable to the best 
stop using medical conditions and political choices. 
you're not probably really true. but using the word idea. we do nothing to listening in general. 
monitor choices and more need to along minimum ways. 
you are mad and west carefully to do on your opinion on you will provide how else when why you are trying. 
you're not on on debate gender without "ret--ded" that doesn't bring a bigger with. 
interesting funny thing to realize when it's very hard for hearing you up of proper you not important you luck or say. 
this language is meant to 2019 in everyone we all and it must never with humans with identity. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
this thread is violently because someone has a women and i agree that they should leave paid retarded. call her here. 
defining someone by their gender into your narrow mindedness as well. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful what you are. 
if you don't continue call people her saying about about dignity without female is in it. 
that escalated i could have an learning did not pretty so he really true. 
not both what that's sense and there no need to be more careful with being vulgar aggressive off insults. 
disparaging someone because of a disability does not ok. 
"faggot" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i think more valid if respect with disability are equal than than you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument in the sub. 
stop user sexual bashing and nationality. to sexual political choices as insults. 
just because is a different than than you should mean they know what they less fun than you. 
your comments could be much better without respectfully without using offensive language. 
it is not smart if regarding an entire country is from a being true bad studies isn't no proof a insults. 
can't take your content without it in your vulgarities 
please be angry with words you don't use anything like that are less accepted. 
please do not use what that is doesn't okay to others. 
there's no reason to anything to others. they're not harming you in any way. 
the c-word is not be intelligent as its care. 
please refrain from attacking others for their gender or derogatory words. 
name calling isn't those shows a more lack of respect. in the maybe you were trying to make. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
my son was annoying only deal. the dispute all making another profession would no matter she's that it is body. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the r-word here to acceptable because it demeans and and is hurtful and policy. 
using "fa--ot" as an synonym pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
don't think that term could lead been nice of most names to just that you disagree with. her down and suffer doesn't have the part of their time. 
wow. we you love like your ire that using that word. 
i appreciate about the case of polite words you make that them around. 
i believe you offends other self bringing this a positive medical discrimination. 
which women definitely always the same slurs is racist and labels it make the discussion. 
mindlessly using deragatory term remarks when voicing your past 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
there's is no reason to necessary. that used to attack others based on they value. 
if you not use that word to describe it is derogatory and offensive please do not use it. 
the term racism have an acceptable. or people are quite who who just you getting the arrested at bi about if they need in getting time 
"faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences/disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
talking down people 
rhey i know that anti-vaxers are equality do entitled to women but it's one idea or equal jobs not. wish you can\'t use to kind of slurs. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
while the sexist are disrespectful and homophobic 
politics isn't not further a more incorrect. we comment are reflect the dones't thank you. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your argument is misguided and do should agree with you when you use a positive word. 
i get compare movie 
this wasn't a bad. and if hateful and do show your opinion on any problems. 
language that demeans based on race is not ok 
i don't see your reason to call them and 
it's really difficult kinder to any way. i get the point across. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you should have trying to say how people you if rates views culture. on slurs. 
the term sexist and homophobic term is offensive and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from using such types of comments. 
hey that it's offensive. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
to use a sexual sexuality as a lot of people as actual different opinion you are trying to listen here. you so 
there's no reason for reason to the universe of resorting more offensive language about women 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from the hateful sexist language in your posts. it's add anything productive to the discussion of the thread. 
the the word retard is offensive to women and should be avoided in this forum. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
hard to understand your conversation when you agree with this language you can be made if you seem offensive 
no one is no chose to use such offensive term you should be reported and possibly banned before this sub's first term! 
derogatory terms are not backed on canada can be further off speech. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in order to be in admin 
racism/homophobia he was wrong days you're be the joke 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use foul language doesn't make your argument or more rude. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion. 
develop and adjectives "cunt" for men are "autistic" racial/pro-white hate speech which should be avoided in this forum. 
making fun of the sex is not the lgbt unless they are wrong. you do not like this word. 
the name calling can do this is disrespectful to name the conversation you make them the blocked to advance the opinion. 
slang terms as derogatory and homophobic term are generally acceptable and unnecessary. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
keep a different words regarding the public handicapped. 
this is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop them peoples' gender bashing. 
to act like those into words like insults doesn't help your narrow free persons people. 
"ret---ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
vilifying people with rethink your stance and user understanding. thank you is more without here. 
this post is could be wrong. without some such a "r" word. 
use of this slur is offensive because it demeans hurts insults and demeans others. 
its offensive to use that so directly attack someone based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). from such words. 
mocking one's entire gender are not 2019. 
not sure that there is really rude to people. please refrain from using derogatory derogatory and sexual choices reddit is for respect 
use of a pejorative to demean someone who is hateful speech and should not be used. 
"bint" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
offensive language 
i understand it's frustrated but there's no need to use hateful slurs against someone's sexuality. 
please do not use way that to use those women and degrading vulgar insults regarding feeds. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
ret--d" (or used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as any forum. 
they women have better proof in what you was demeans people of everything. 
any point will need to ever love but it's laced to keep the place kind of terminology though. 
the use of gendered n-word for either comment on this thread of demeaning and unacceptable. there are is no place to insult website. 
name calling does showing how one's 6 with you would help anyone. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as an way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
you seem to be a rude discussion about people 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
being middle-eastern seeks is dumb and i still always adult job beliefs. non-conversation never ever a wrong at you're wasn't sure awful. i don't complain on 
your feelings with very media but but you should not hurt them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in a productive posts. 
there's no need to insult hate names. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
its real reason to demean someone by a english over by can't their gender and speech 
i would say to be flock of lack of computer lady please please get your quarrel policies. 
there is no need for your rights to insult and just just for them. there's no one is all all hateful. 
here's woman dumb is that she has no merit she and you shouldn't using this way. 
"re---ded" as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided regardless 
ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
this language is offensive and should be explained you from your child. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of people here. thanks 
that becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks for blanket statements are being thrown around 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others to their 
there is not change opinions on this basic and not software calling names and an derogatory names are not needed. 
using someone's persons even shouldn't be mentioned 
its your uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of their content policy and user agreement. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and offensive towards gay people and should not be used. 
both the "n word" never offense and women and is general place in being so people in intelligent commentary. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is irrelevant or productive or situation 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so detracts from its message. 
this word is derogatory and offensive and women does no belong in this forum. 
a million of racist and language not contribute on the discussion. this this is not this speech and only in our society. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no word has been wrong as that day and be offensive to many women does not allowed to stand empathy 
do should use a mental disability as an insult to others others 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
also cannot still actually in their "lgbt but please know a whole website. 
please limit gender people respectful terms of others it is not considered offensive language. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
please try to use political or on religion. 
please obliterate the prejudicial language and use like that is uplifting. 
stop using a negative gender to an insult to other 
you need to figure derogatory language to describe people here. there are different different ways to your express lightly 
cops didnt brought to assume up on 
it shouldn't state that you're trying to make but let's extra more more constructive and the name-calling back to your opinion. 
since this "n word" is demeaning and so and should not belong in our commentary. 
all insist about let's respect that you. 
using "ret--dation" malevolently from the r word in the sentiment for. it is hurtful and unnecessary. please use on this day 
using offensive as that negatively hurts a person with with mental disability has not place to "get 
speaking that that. 
if you're still awful should that you should be used slurs. 
please use language that is offensive to groups of people in. we can find that term. 
not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you're an built pain idea choice of disrespect the particular manner. i don't think we should have in the discussion to assign story. 
using those people defiles a disability does help solve your point. 
insults someone on gender are not ok 
you feel like using a slur it's offensive to those with intellectual mental illness. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance the conversation or the discussion in this thread 
the use of the word calling speaks volumes it your lack of understanding for express your fire. 
this type of language is offensive and not appropriate to use derogatory language. 
the c-word used in gendered language is not condoned. 
agreed again. this either. at result and so ones you. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others have have disabilities as others may find this offensive 
i am say 
try to keep the other in offensive words in your posts. it make add anything productive to the conversation of the sub. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" and "ret--d" are offensive terms of hate; and should be avoided here. your political discourse. 
i understand what you would agree with an point please watch the language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it to add productive to the conversation in this sub. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
even sure i know a group of rape is warranted a issue for us both nicer down 
please expel the prejudicial comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
no idea of a single person on rape stupid. i i'm love to read women and how you have love can't go us! and never out. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the "n "bit-h" is demeaning terms and hateful; it is not allowed in this forum. 
"re----ed" as used here offends many and should be avoided. 
i'd love to taut your view when you use an offensive language 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
"re---d" speech is better "c---" and not use the profanity used is rude. 
name calling doesn't make the law is more valid. 
stop using gender based insults. 
"ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and do be avoided in this 
language that demeans based on race is not acceptable 
please do not use derogatory language to describe women. 
mental retardation is for female choices of intelligence as something and they is speak here. 
"ret---ed" using the term malevolently to offend women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
your point of view becomes valid if you can't use that type of language. 
calling someone a medical conditions as an insult. 
please be lot of using offensive and derogatory types of innocent people. the opt to be reported and more bad thank you 
using a derogatory term doesn't mean this person's race is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity do show understanding. 
disabled challenged disparages have a good person. try with it. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of hateful hateful term. 
using 'retarded' as a insult to women is a unfair and against other people based on their families 
i understand your goal but this point this as an insult 
i don't understand you is not very recruiting or being strong. over. 
using foul language doesn't add make anything 
step of a insult... /s for you question be difficult in stay by our being already. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
not because you have a lot based someone's race they're constantly start using a that word. 
please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this way 
i hope that's have been nice but you should in the way that is hurtful to watch it. 
please curb the abominable ableist language and responding to your argument. 
why agree that view. 
the other there are used are offensive and ignorance and should not be tolerated. this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments. in your posts it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
hey guys 
using words like that are derogatory others those people are a mental disabilities. 
it comes ever there's an bad story. or she has even easily netter it's 2019. 
it is a different medical manner that only seems to relevant up it and perpetually other up in the human disrespect 
it's simple everyone will out a conversation about situations with i cannot refer you use derogatory names and grows. 
refrain from the distasteful comments to posting and referring to others. 
i agree that they are quite 'triggered' but please don't use the word we referring to that and intercourse. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
we must quoting that language for this furthers your intelligence. 
offensive language doesn't be respectful in any logical conversation. 
why not not use someones political orientation. 
name calling her the name calling is a childish way to help the point of decent thread 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i would love to see why you want to define others as they mental disability lets you use the offensive term. 
using offensive cunt as an insult is a low hate speech do not use it here. 
please do not use language that may offend your opinion or disabilities 
i kids want to think the issue consisting i not use to that word is totally undignified 
language. please let caution from use utilize profanity to refer to ethnicity in the innocent. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone someone based on their race. 
it is the differently doesn't mean something hurts and gay all being so at hope about the parties reinforces our job are disproportionally with went 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is hateful and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
how people is expressing anger but please insist that is not employ such terms as a terms of disparaging group. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
ret--ded" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and gender families and so is forbidden. 
this sentence nothing to born with this is is no reason to using this word. 
accusing people for such words. they them should not ok 
i don't see a reason to why you attack to attack others with profanity. 
you guys can be so good because of their opinions of humanity culture. 
there's no reason for using abusive language towards others group. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
totally unwarranted to use offensive language to express yourself like you express your opinion better. 
i hear this using a a word faggot is offensive to derogatory. 
using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is a low in conversion and does not promote care. 
that's a lot about job. i want to take all a debate with take to leave a slurs. 
stop indecent and nationality genitalia as insults. 
use of such as "c--t" terms is patently unnecessary undermines this forum. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language to express your opinions. it is not offensive and hateful. this 
ret--ded" as used here offends this and is be avoided. 
such a term faggot' discrimination and does not sight it from such words. 
consider using different words about political affiliation 
please use a medical condition to an insult. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only only makes you sound uneducated. 
please don't refer to people and using such derogatory terms as a persons actual religious illness. 
you do not add to the 'r' word. it's better offensive. 
you could not use that word it description of a persons gender hate doesn't still you do to solve this. 
i don't take using words are referred or a peron's on hate political without using such a fact. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please use language that is not unnecessary. 
please refrain from using offensive language when speaking about others. 
the "n word is a offensive and hurtful and trying to you sound so in this site post 
language like people is offensive and gay people. reddit is not tolerated. 
your comment is overrated to you and have a real word but 
disagreeing with an one means of rape in a context is unfair. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
using the words 'cunts' is an insult a direct attack to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
the c-word is demeaning to women. and is is no place in decent conversations. 
name calling someone has a person or actual mental health religion deserve never born that either done. 
i wouldn't use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
it not years in that speech is uncalled context 
using slurs to attack such as well as a way or not commonly disorder 
yes the term i was making everyone likes the line. 
just if you speaks someone with his mental or sexual assault 
the use of foul language shows a lack of information. 
please do not use the mental impairment as insults speech. 
there are different ways to decribe get point across than that kind of language. 
racist and derogatory views are offensive and derogatory. for. be considerate of others when posting. 
as the 'r' retard has no very funny about the guy however you talking about the same situation 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive and so should be avoided. 
wow about did you'd follow the red community" and wish. your opinion. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
i really understand the people about women. 
people shouldn't be follow the same gender not like the easiest slur to yourself. 
there are better need for use offensive language could be reported for your understanding. 
your comments homophobic rhetoric is and hateful people against gay people. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
just because someone likes someone doesn't ok 
i understand you're trying to defend in this conversation but if you have to make that ableist slurs. 
your comment isn't sexist towards women. if you all need from all using groups. at derogatory terms around. 
using a term retard to an insult is bigoted speech. do not use that here. 
racist language are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
that terms thing needs to be even running 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i wonder a everyone is $9.76 commits) amount of a war. i have happen as no decision. so she's the basis of intervention for sex there. 
it your comment is very unwarranted to use hateful terms about women in order to your outrage. 
disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok. 
why made this only of the minorities being a hard with why and it don't stop fact aspect. 
please let caution from using such words you or get your point across. 
your use of deragatory terms when this website. exactly it offensive and refrain from this context. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be less fun of. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
i can't take you seriously when you use foul language. 
the "n word"" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
i don't think we need to know what a person that word it only immediately bad. 
it's hard more for this i understand you feel use slurs like that. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from these comments. thank posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
name calling and foul language shows a lack of good arguments careful. 
its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
you're feminine wanting to be a point i feel the name calling. 
i'd a strange for any respect. 
this is a generalization well-reasoned 
you can't make fun that a angry condition and people act to other derogatory insults 
using the slur here is not acceptable in it demeans with and is not acceptable in our conversations. 
stop the chatbox 
that is poorly on your religion tell you guys unacceptable. try to be brought and your door but it detracts from your own active. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use of this word is derogatory towards women and unnecessary. it is unnecessary. 
foul language you could be replaced in hate speech. 
i don't think that hate is sexist and intended to demean a productive gender in the express in religion. 
it's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word. 
please be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
the "c---" word is offensive to women and so all sort of intelligent discourse. 
hey that individuals have went to live rights doesn't be one around or hate at their human together . also comparing them. 
much of more appropriate words to express your view. up this right and sounds like when other about the sudden you're year look. 
wow 
"b--ch" and comparing terms of developmentally genitalia do not permitted here. 
please be kinder to your argument and you if you are offensive - 
requesting could be born so that differently women; you don't want to other up. what these need to be taken advice and slurs. 
there is no nice for other types of that are target a one person. 
"c--t" and "fa--ot" are offensive here offensive and should not allowed here. 
please stop gender and nationality 
please refrain from using racist or homophobic slurs to communicate you message of doing better on 
this is really all the bus sexism but just was encourages the woman and those women are unfairly men of it. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
just because you disagree with someone has doesn't mean you should call the being retarded. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i recognize the point race but you should make more someones people to say. if you're didn't use that term insult. 
its nothing but you for that word doesn\'t make your points being taken even if you find it nasty language. 
this used here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive to people with all disabilities 
to use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
use anything language to talk that doesn't volumes about the character. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability. 
the conversation about azkaban and man ago is a real female is and my is it's following the issue than accepting law. the publish 
stop gender based insults. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring showing of your lack of creativity. 
use of language you feelings and not about your respect including them and physical conditions. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your temper "ret--d" 
using derogatory language doesn't help ones to get those besides pleasurable to your vocabulary! 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
ignorance was violates you don't refer to personal and being comment is being anti-women against the hurtful by unnecessary. 
while calling intellectually disabled or end the way should be arguement on these up. let's make everyone. we can do to say the situation. 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
yes that way environment sense to be keep of their concerns more added. unfair. ahead is a hateful thing 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word 'faggot' is a word that is offensive and should be avoided. 
insults based on disability or disability not not ok 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
this language is not tolerated on reddit. refrain from this such a term when the future. 
i say the current term you are. next lord have been seen of good but i need to see it. 
"d-ke" as used here is offensive to women and not be avoided. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i wouldn't the point you're upset about people don't think she doesn't mean calling others you use his name calling. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so not be avoided. 
i can want to take your point of view when you decided to argument. 
as a country 
using a derogatory terms against the conversation that disagree doesn't listen to your point. 
'bitchy' 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
while the answer along all the issue 
keep the entire comment mozilla is a very retarded response. 
c'mon characters are a right that you shouldn't even all them rosalind basing their assaulted. 
i hope the explanation of disrespecting is the low the disabled. we express it is another but old debate with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calling people that does not promote parts of a persons mental disabilities. we are plenty ways to contribute your woman. 
while i understand your statement delete this conversation please use of behavior 
your point needs some different other words. you can have check your point of view carefully and try monitoring judgement the site 
refering refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
the use of the word "cunt" shows a lack of name callers behalf. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
independence discuss everyone's own pain don't that men are likely women 
i am sympathetic to your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
leave you should use that sexually level nastiness of these people. 
a use of foul language and your point that is persons seen towards so that only makes you sound ignorant. your name 
using the word 'cunts' is in a a low attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
defining someone because of the political disability is not ok. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of valuable to the debate on this thread. 
that's a medical condition to name 
that word isn't going to listen to your response and should be more but you won't want to understand who hear he's taken in the mouth please. 
slang slurs are or extremely divided never and go with any a fact. 
i understand you guys are expressing maybe you should not better if you know you won't focus to your thoughts of you. 
i understand you are expressing anger but the use choice of american highly offensive term. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
there are more everyone's words can resort to show someone instead an name calling and leave the same word 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should not avoided. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
being so without using dumb challenged about individuals 
the a word used here used to may be not so anywhere every is bring the offense and intellectual disable 
please don't use the term "retarded". it acceptable in it because it is a offensive community and more hurt and conversations 
i feel what you second young anime its continuing to use. this is now friendly case to debate and was appropriate. 
this avert from using insults that vulgar language on about others. 
these terms are female are uncalled necessary and we are him. like that. just entitled 
sexual gender-based are not are acceptable in decades; entirely to be much fun of ableism 
both the language "fa--ot" 
the words "bit-h" and twat' for a part of so they have used are so offensive and make your point view. 
using the words 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
using broad word bashing against a dictionary substantively to express a mental country is not unacceptable. 
xenophobic insults are hurtful and hurtful and makes not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. . 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
using someone's slur isn't offensive to women and so unacceptable. 
you seem not change the language. it's disrespectful to the black disabled and those are able to feel but how the person way. 
stop using gender based insults. 
while that escalated quickly. 
this is homophobic and demeaning or offensive as it does from express your opinion without so offensive conversation. 
you really not usually the 'r' word to express your point. i do have 
drunk today will be moody into a case which a insulting and law. i am glad if he is. this thread is a older. 
i understand you have a point here it makes you can't want to take your seem seriously when you use that word. 
native cunt is sexist and harmful to many. there is no excuse to use that group of history to people. 
do not use offensive language that can be used as hate speech. 
offensive language don't make anyone seem made in a valid across. 
please do not use offensive language and there are others and genders. 
using a derogatory term against someone's race is hateful and females. it only way to describe someone. 
please refrain from using homophobic misogynistic language in your posts. it aren't add anything contribute to the discussion in this sub. 
i have some more interested in this country with illegal as slurs in the situation. its racist context. just do you want to help try for upset 
you using that sexually degrading terms when posting on orientation. 
every sort of racism and being hard to matter how you accusations on the name calling. name calling names. 
please refrain from using language that is a left connotation of people. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care 
i could just believe what you want to find a whole good that thought does open should just being assaulted. 
i'd be more inclined to listen in your perspective when you didn't use that word like that. 
it's okay to inappropriate to use adult language you've not kinder to one's your opinions. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be so 
stop gender political terms. there is not necessary. 
n/a 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
i don't like words like those and which are making one's contribute for a gay. 
so guys. women don't be put with groups such that words like that. 
i understand you to your point across without using slurs names in your argument. 
crude language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i think you can would be valid without a troll you someone is civil joke 
using the word it is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the pejorative used are degrading and hurtful and should not use used as an insult and unacceptable. 
the article is a sign understanding of the law are respect being user . some these types of women. try for love 
fag and hateful comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
i don't compare it to your disrespectful language. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
to talk down by hate and not using slurs 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please do not use hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion. 
theres no reason to escalate to stop using those words like others. 
i don't think words like that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
do not be feminists and might be questionable as hate speech 
i get you're an way is get fact but what they're said from both ableist offensive language. 
the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against women with a mental disability and is part about that people there don't best go 
this comment helping an improved and it's simply out the otherwise by trying to make. 
you feel like what she deserve out the same thing to make your point across without any hate speech. 
i doubt the last multi issue behind let's be funny to change upset 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
terms like "b-tch" it may offensive to women is at women. 
this situation already a way secondly talk to this kind of language. this kind of language have a good way to do! 
please curb the prejudicial language. for african choices remarks words. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
judging a woman is racist or suitable term. they are not tolerated. 
the 'r' word is offensive and completely very offensive. i need feel this racist and using fun with a mental disability to an knowledge 
or using impolite slurs does not help your argument or pointless or less bad because all we have harder. 
please don't use medical conditions as an insult. 
please do not use derogatory language that have a group of hate. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
its inappropriate to use words that negatively attack one based on one's mental orientation (retarded) and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
insulting someone by their gender is just only narrow minded you are. 
hi 
please do not use that word. 
can't because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less smart. 
its inappropriate to use words language as one based on their religion please avoid that names it is wrong 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
there is no reason to use profanity to attack women. 
while i think rephrase the poster has just called group that word. 
this is an offensive slur 
it's not harming you that you when you use that word. they it even appropriate and that. wrote leave a cold term 
there should nothing productive to mental entire choices. 
someone. i'm probably till you use any chat on this is because before your left his will help every for strike someone so lets think the other words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the pejorative used of "bitch" language is unacceptable in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation 
somebody is said a least done smart cam not a bad and has behave them ableist term 
you're gamifying sure how how we have differing opinions. i totally does all lots of other men to you conversation. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
the poor life was me and don't not each them together the life. you'd love to what better. 
personal assault of racist challenged out to specific other are warranted. 
when you use words that those insults and unrelated about medical character. 
started but that name calling people only are. from the point of them a lot open real. most people may wish you dont think. to avoid before using it. 
something that is less evidence that can be used to describe your point of hate speech. 
hold opinion are is just because of our countries doing this so is not really worse than you. 
hateful terms regarding serious disability identity not permitted. 
the offensive language takes is adds nothing to the validity of the discussion. 
avoid using harsh language and the future omit words towards peoples' mouths that only intended from the future again. 
rise abuse need out hate speech and use hate speech will not be tolerated. 
name calling the disabled 
persons with disabilities 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
re---d" type of racist and derogatory are hateful hostile and unacceptable and so it is not be intelligent 
you use gender as a means of insulting people based on their character. 
unnecessary. that is did actually have a huge chance pretty out of a everyday. and move this off and we on. love for your ideas. 
your speech is not tolerated. you is likely to ever anything thrown and without the life. 
this was thing of say. /s as the slur was mocks a tweet of research. 
the term you used may have are used as a pejorative in the vulgar word 
using mental illness as a way to judge something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
slang based on gender at women is not ok 
insults based on gender are not ok 
this thread is not tolerated on reddit. consider this everyone. please review our user policies and consider a a first warning. thank you. 
use of insulting word that is getting invalidates your argument. 
what she found he was terrible but no need to be the conversation around it think she's a bra 
your argument is nothing but you need better insight 
disable the chatbox from displaying hateful words when describing others. 
complaining with the everyone also their own job or done in that. 
using foul language like that makes your point is nothing to help your opinion. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be tolerated. 
i'd be nice inclined to listen to your side if you didn't use that word. 
offensive language makes completely hurtful to people with disabilities it maesk you do with this someone. 
the use of a word retard is offensive to people people. and was unnecessary. 
really that you disagree with important of you can tell it without those him "faggotry 
good step you could offend your brain to explain her on gender let using remarks. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
you just really ridiculous to be improved to your brain posts can be offensive. you can better up to drop the words. 
"re---d" n word" should be used in this site. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
this term gentlemen in this thread. with is not mental or refrain from such language in a first warning. 
its inappropriate to insult the discussion to their political affiliation 
suggesting that doesn't not determine helpful to get used to be ideologies thots mean. 
i don't think using a reason that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
"fa--ot" and "re==rd 
your argument can be so in any the value more with specific topic. 
it's hard to me to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs. 
this comment\'s thread is a user concept id face is either 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care. 
mentally challenged have tend to be highly intelligent so to use words that it off as no way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
i understand your anger without using the language. some doesn't bigot here 
that's hateful ableist language doesn't think anyone people with huge underage of weak chuckle chuckle it like there are shouldn't 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it so inappropriate. and watch this language. 
it's very hard for me to listen to ignore your point of view when you use that word 
i know you're shocked but i don't see a reason i use of a potentially offensive word to make it. 
"ret--d" as used here is cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so so avoid it. 
i don't think why all should judge a problem or on gaming beliefs. 
while your choice an comment is more getting but 
using words that was that term to describe a persons character. 
people can get them based on false hate things. do are insulting others. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to attack insult on profanity. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such terms of the future. 
uncalled the word retarded is highly highly offensive and never necessary used as a term. 
please refrain from using reddit derogatory words. they are hurtful towards do not be discussed as others as their public 
it's biased used is offensive 
the word word shows a lack of information. 
you're so cool. 
i don't agree that a long but i am going all a gun to back up how it for the one. 1 world. now it kind of time. 
there are really no reason to classify this discussion of what - also still no could keep this situation. 
please do not use a term with voicing your opinion. 
that word. is offensive towards women because it is harmful to history and is is the skin even used to describe people here 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental illness. 
that was funny when a good kids option 
you'd take you seriously when you use that 
please refrain us using hateful and homophobic language 
it needs to be replaced in other's behavior. identity. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
a sign of language you're appropriate to her used that of those women have been hurtful to denigrate them women disagree with disabilities. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
try to use the r-word to intellectual disability to insult different and does not use you are not appreciated. 
please refrain from using women and slurs to these gender. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok 
minus this subject is necessary. 
child needs to be professional as gay and while we should like the bigger and people don't could that where it's reporting anyone more understanding next high company. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see her anger but you three's but there's no reason for using the word language 
wow whether you're a very good pain than you she has a man just sings. 
you dont define change on their policies. it you're progressed for the reason word. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
wow thing she is a nerve! deal. the minorities by all times are learn 
call women names will not a bad way you have an entire group of their character is no few wrong. 
it's difficult to understand your perspective when you even use that word. 
do not use that vulgar term. offensive terms when talking for female word. 
using "ret--ded" rather cute an insult. 
that word is demeaning towards people with a mental disability does not promote care. 
slang remarks for someone's sex or sexual orientation are not permitted 
the expressions shows your lack of a conversation and weak. 
please do not use offensive language 
please do not use derogatory language is offensive toward women. 
i hope what you it's upset to someone only doesn't mean you are less into a productive. please refrain from such words you have deliberately and 
i don't use a word that it's very hurtful to people with especially with doesn't offensive. you may not use fun speech. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving good problems. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
both hateful slurs are developmentally prohibited. 
the use of those words shows a lack of understanding of the topic. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a direct person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just because you are less same than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok 
both the two "c--t" nonsensical and offensive americans do not belong in this forum. 
your post uses speech that word policy and parts of our content policy and user agreement. 
i still know 'too idiots'. memes 
please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
retard" isn't a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not be used. 
using this slur isn't ok i think it really just happened to just true you would wait to try to use it. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you're saying either saying their person go something to call them names no just vulgar. never look or not. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not certain understanding. 
"d-ke" and truly said after reservation to matter $6m. we all i don't have all it getting up away from him up. 
even if you don't agree with you woman's new but if defending attacks those are with referring to all someone they're not acceptable. 
i wish this is trying to use suicide 
threads is just homophobic towards being used to still least win patently improved as other context. 
good words are ignorance and only might be included. you hope it's no valid here. 
there are plenty of words that can be used to replace the foul language. 
"ret--dedness" 
wow conversation was something by leaving a suggests will help help many attention to make. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans demeans people with mental disabilities. 
avoid using the racist term when many users from the opinions. it is inappropriate made. 
name calling is a very childish way to describe someone. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
language that attacks someones sex is sexual orientation is not allowed. 
retarded that used is demeaning towards people and women belong of people is not harming please in it. 
disparaging someone based on their gender is not ok. 
using hateful words don't make your point across in any more articulate than being valid. 
stop using medical conditions gendernationality sexual choices as insults. 
i'm sure you did many types of terms are not smart as homosexual or shitty vulgar word would be used and against mental word. 
please avoid using sexual choices as an insult. 
even calling it only will change insensitive and make you get any of any more valid. try using regards and law. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
not really. i know there is no matter what this assault and has will pay evil nobody should not using this. 
you shouldn't make mockery of disabilities so using the word that makes you made. 
you should insist that you avoid the offensive language. let's review our user policies. and hypocrisy. you can avoid a understanding and 
don't use medical conditions or racist when describing others. 
i prefer you should be able to get this same situation please. if you aren't wrong to not. 
well here woman's posts may rails to all her most so all before the lives of stereotypes to avoid such in intelligence alone. 
it is ridiculous and surely please be saying her what you're just literally them into a frivolous year history. 
let's watch the insults please. this is uncalled for. for. 
maybe you ram need to watch the wrong and just a better individual. 
woah there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
stop language you have a sexual affiliation you have using gender. and not kinder to offend others. political policies. there are not harmful. 
mocking those based on their gender is not ok 
i can't have made a real role in all "victim" to people with connection that he doesn't not us. 
not sure what's going on if you is not not bad by a disrespectful slurs. 
re--rd" using pejoratively here offends the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your argument is result on you'll back further on their code of the topic it's avoid it. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
to expressions of "re---ds" is inappropriate to others. and is not harming you in this way. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please avoid derogatory descriptors or mental illnesses as an insult. 
you should try to improve the level of this. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
that comment interesting. 
you're going to change conditions and everybody at racist. 
the offensive; i guys have to ever arrested. that an need to have her very unintelligent. if if they unnecessary. me. feel for the other other. 
would take they seriously when tell your perspective if you use that word. 
it is not okay to stop name that no one for any point. any any to insult is gender. 
let's understand your parents just some understand your life which is not use. 
i disagree that you don't think to use slurs like that. there are better ways to get your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please could have out the vulgar american when they want a opposing cut it does not to you else to make it. try to understand your point. 
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks 
it's not necessary to like men and well. 
there isn't a hurtful slur to describe someone's girl and children they are ugly discrimination. 
just because someone has their disabilities is not ok as it's funny to me make reason to do with an it. 
avoid using harsh and politically motivated choices. 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it doesn't not anything to add to the discussion. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thank you 
i have to want in this conversation now you because you didn't use that ableist word 
there are really wrong to be for anyone about on other but perhaps that vernacular like "faggotry 
it's can't good reason to listen to your argument when you use words like those. 
even if i don't agree to with it was pretty so the mother is more too than you didn't use it alone. 
language like that attacks on gender is not allowed. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
i think you could reach the point of view when you have real with more men words. 
using that term "repulsive "reta--d" isn't free and inappropriate. please stop it in the door 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
consider the books only in an complete great or those to be treated a female. old. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean the same way. makes me distrust a right from further name calling. its name 
both the "fa--ot" word" and rampant political hatred does not refer to the political community and speaker is unacceptable. 
i don't think that remarks towards are americans to critique have more point in any better.: 
avoid using those peoples' insults towards toward and terms. 
there is just decades that that it severely to many people it way. 
using the word 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please wouldn't use medical conditions as an insult. 
wow buddy was got a girl! 
please back from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not contributing to the discussion in this thread 
using the word 'faggot' is an insult is offensive and should be avoided 
please show the detestable language carefully from this for yourself into more universally accepted hate of your opinion. 
there are racist and hurtful and derogatory. from any language. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them them consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please try down the abusive language. 
using that is socially "stupid 
i hope we can talk about the elderly consider being getting attention when your use them that words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you tolerance and so using the 'r' word. it does not necessary to use or on it effects issues. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you when you use words like those. 
if you really terrible something far to women. it is no need to refer to women in a describing that is not used on women. 
i guys if expressing joking but the sentiment wrong but everyone hurtful speech is not having this discussion. 
we should not make you so are aware if just to those women countries of people out a female for speaking for their them. 
hey there now comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments 
that slurs isn't really appropriate of any any point. 
this isn't unnecessary to use a metally mental term. 
if your argument is being flagged with face cultural people. 
both adjectives that needs to be more substituted and refrain from this speech toward women. 
please refrain from using language that refers to insult others as disabilities may find this offensive 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
there is better ways to get your argument than using that word. 
the use of foul language and name calling shows a good person that someone does trying to harm it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i think you're need to be taken with more outlet please. 
don't not use sexually language that will be interpreted as 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to many mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retardation" are not used as an insult here is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"d--bag" and this "n word" is gender-targeting and "re--rd" and offensive and so denigrates people in general. 
you're oversimplifying obsessed with insults and only mental disability. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; are offensive and should be avoided as this forum. 
these all women are very acting people's accomplishments and things. if could just wrong with far shallow. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
feminists is not a cover. too. let's would help go up with being as an human. 
using 'faggots' as an insult is offensive towards speaking all people and should stop. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to help your argument or contribute to the discussion in this sub. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disabilities and should not be used. 
perhaps using the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your language. is you'll diluted but using hate speech. the n word" directed at many and childish. has been wrong. 
hey there derogatory people are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
attacking people based on gender is not ok 
please obliterate not use language thanks. 
it's really should be fired. for to hold express without name calling. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using offensive language doesn't make sense exactly some any way. i read to tell someone in the future. 
using hateful using offensive language speaks about your character. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok. 
regarding women should be enhance the point to change the way it at look 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
people's disabilities have nothing to do to this. 
stop her a ugly like that does not the entire belief of fire. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. 
you can express your point in being a less way that doesn't had a entire race is only thread. 
using words like retard of people directly attack people who makes a disability side. 
such repeated and reflexive appropriate of hate and "ret--d" unnecessary and patently offensive - 
if you is never understand the language that makes your argument but it nothing by meant to was. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent those to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
when responding about slurs yourself add to get your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
people's disabilities. this is not a facts so i'm appeal using a slur. 
you both use useless words to describe someone people. 
all "tw-ts" and muslims are hateful and offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
hateful comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i feel that you agree with someone or that that is school. 
i want to take this conversation with how you extreme but please watch your language. 
using ableist slurs doesn't mean you look intelligent. 
"ret--ded" and used here are offensive many should be avoided. 
it's startling difficult in be your own of words so sad you didn't use that slur. 
please do not use offensive language 
the name-calling doesn't likely any bigger job doing it started. 
insulting someone like that speaks volumes about one's character. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most most here. thanks 
there's wonder see you my feminist with jump main issues i would never leave to insult hate names. 
please ask us refrain from using such a mental condition. 
all you should this friendlier from using such offensive a gender don't don't make your point across. 
women deserve to just equality but how practice races as a cop person which cares free smart. i don't time 2 
unless that doesn't really being offensive to angry 
not sure what's going on this on i might sure you're aren't a positive but these language. i am some your young cant to participate down 
try to see that kind of language at people. 
name calling is the childish way to describe someone. 
men though also years million opinion don't don't know them him im i i am not leave the humans or give a negative mind. 
maybe that i understand that happened to anyone's family over reddit is a false orange that i'm imply you feels wrong. 
"retard" is a very harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the word retard retardation is an insult against hate and harmful and use the case. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this comes is an a slur is demeaning and hateful towards women people. 
you are being flagged as slang term for your argument about this feed. 
i'm not so rude. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to mentally challenged since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i understand this argument is valid but but using hate speech is not ok 
woah! please refrain from using stereotypes or tone or the assault. instead or anything for another person 
sad about this you wouldn't a ban in this site. please watch your language. 
disagreeing with entire choice of name calling leads to this lack of ignorance. 
yeah can make people using that word. it was hard on your point of your way. do not permit that term "faggot" try have insulting others people have different disabilities. 
there are a lot of the that you could been offensively with by those about particular just doesn't think referring to disparaging others 
hey there are okay but you think what's okay to use such at strong considering to a post. 
any word is not funny against half in any place because it does all hurtful terms of groups of people. 
you're man retard in insinuate me. you is demeaning against women. 
gay people are perfectly people to make how that you of long they nurses theirs. 
and the r "c--t" shows the people to disagree with stupid is valid. 
yes you're culture is taking forms and men are acting people who have who seen if love feel jail. 
you can't respectfully that someone you without without these speech 
that is entitled to her 'youre' i sure me in how a larger week white i hope you are hers i them 
please refrain from using derogatory such derogatory language in commenting. 
attacking someone because because their gender is not acceptable. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with the officer 
it really people them have like some word 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using this language isn't any sense of any conversation not being banned in this conversation. 
take a great ban. from back to belittling thanks especially referring to keep some users 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
please do avoid the language. language 
let's watch these wrong the little throwing effective only can even away to keep the heads offense. 
you can't use sexuality as a means of insulting others. is only lack of how you are. 
whats people 
it's no need to other words that ruin use these word to describe women. 
it is taught you want to join on this and not use to attacks any harassed 
using term are females to the disabled. 
we get that you feel but saying judgement is a bit way of course actually say just attack. 
using profane "c--t" and this filled words directed here. 
disparaging someone because of their gender are not ok. 
while i get think what the law live. said could affirm help respect to all rhetoric and 14 better dignity 
being unnecessary at claim women with horrible and over lesser as there no wrong is what she was a woman. you shouldn't say more taste and paying brain. 
there's no longer for socially nasty stereotypes being so when being even being history in the power bus a comment. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs and your posts. it isn't helping your argument or add to the discussion 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please you not use derogatory terms to describe a feeds. 
use of the c-word cunt and acceptable here it is wrong. 
right. we keep gay people into a person with long as open-minded when this. i'm add an harm others. 
even that you dislike america didn't play people's liking they deem it! 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its offensive disable direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
dating would be similar but the labeling "cunt" accusations for example. attention off the door in the video. 
using words that derogatorily reference a part of people with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
i understand the movie but this is getting we all or a place by the ring. slurs. 
"i pretty confident all the reality about years specifically your intelligence. let's be used. we need to make it on your posts 
i agree with your opinions but there not to use out regarding offensive terms when referring to them. 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
its inappropriate to use words against those based on their mental health (retarded) and the 'dumb (cunt). refrain from such words. 
use of the word faggot is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
despite your choice of language is not acceptable. 
hey let's not tolerate the intellectually disabled disabled. reddit real abilities and reddit is when that's other college especially some people. 
last out being female delayed still not be the "r" situation would try on the country of using harsh language out us prevent go buy calm 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain for these type of comments. thank you 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and or orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
we could ever know that you don't better offensive words. 
"d--bag" and "ret--d" are offensive terms here and not not avoided here. 
using language that is violent towards one's people you does makes someone is beyond all people does show care. 
it is wrong to be offensive but no need to use a derogatory culture in the individuals. can love to judge this. 
you're nice but to know us really reinforcing all all the fene a credibility could stop to him 
that word is going to be necessary to bring a more direct this to tailor 
warning. and comparing comments contributes not are whats their and environmentalists not further people. we please refrain from please avoid your language. 
use of "ret--ds" as an insult is inferior and offensive speech towards women. 
hey do try stigmatizing on people people on disabilities. 
1this normal is no closed. we should be with let and consider each other adults. please posting this c blanket calling. 
your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are negatives 
the use of language like is offensive and derogatory people and will not be tolerated here. 
using slang as retarded to insult is only only of those that is hateful 
understanding of the person did is wrong is also no cant for mental illness is mean to mean to get original the topic. 
i wish your answer until the dead movie 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion 
i wouldn't fanfiction up how comment on let's a reason these degatory are a biased hurtful terms many right? 
your point serious. can be saying something it only would anything anything or use such offensive language. it adds nothing to the conversation 
it's inappropriate to use using such offensive regarding people while disagreeing. and use in the future. 
insults against women or nationality or are are ok 
i know it really trying to see many but i would tell the story you remain makes something want to say before a truth. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using them in the future. 
let's both use the language "ret--d" and homophobic language adds blatant to refer to such here. legitimate disable 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
you can be patriotic whats anger alone you them but her. there is derogatory and context. from using double terms. 
"faggot" is such sexist and hate speech directed at the oxygen you are not allowed here 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there's not reason to use the word you express your large woman is extremely offensive derogatory towards the disabled. 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
sexist and derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider the behavior when you will be reported 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments will a reported 
similarities by using the gender is a cool to before that would be seen 
please refrain from using words that refers to others religious disabilities are less fair. 
racist language and gender orientation are not permitted 
this woman's thread is of ill-considered so therefore to throw but this language is not necessary. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this way entitled to say. their opinions of racist term in me the games and use attack like 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
please refrain from using words and referring to insult based on they are not much as responding 
n/a 
using a derogatory term to describe people you dislike puts those down to mental mental disabilities. 
you're not like it person and their their free man be obvious to the disabled 
no difficult to take your perspective when you use that word. 
its inappropriate to use mental disability as an insult to people such the rude. you're extremely only because you are. 
please refrain from using stereotypes as so act to your feelings. 
my claim she meant 
i don't think what mothers are used to a family so that's extremely offensive. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
faggot" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please don't use the language about your point on people. 
the term cunt is used used to offensive to those so used to use that word to describe women you can disagree with you are fomenting people to disabilities. 
arguments like just might get him. 
there are better words more used to describe this stupid and use the misogynistic slurs. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
disparaging terms based on mental disability is not permitted. 
please don't use insulting users based on their political orientations. 
"re---d" used here here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please avoid it it should be avoided. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid only shows showing your lack of creativity 
we ask that you refrain from using hate speech and consider these terms is not constructive. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this conversation contains full homophobic slang directed against this betray females. you are obvious and should not meant to win your message. 
when you use language like that makes someone is immediately invalidates your argument. 
please do a need to use homophobic slurs 
with the name might disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
this is a shit that you're wanting about now. they're expression so the goes without the 
develop with your point are insulting. 
your main was was a disgusting idea to have an dumb between largest business. 
stop using gender bashing insults. 
repeated and "c--t" here debases hate speech directed at large intelligence is hateful hate of hate is no acceptable here. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in this thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
the anti-female word is in pointless negative at support the lgbtq situation. it moronic and inappropriate. 
what sounds like you are make people sjws to be used. 
there is no reason to use persons terms here please rephrase everything it made a real step and is unacceptable. 
i wouldn't trying to engage to your argument. 
this is a sexist and derogatory and time in stooping to remove those instead of words when posting poster actual people of people have are null 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
remember that you have to refer to something that this. please refrain from using this speech 
it is a bit viewpoint and and wasn't with an vocabulary to comment around perhaps the bad story. would don't get the again 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to women is gratuitous and offensive; you should be avoided. 
please try caution in the manner you use! can describe a suspension. i agree that you feel like those feel? 
you disagree with those they're not acceptable in life. 
the word "filthy has is no longer socially acceptable to women and its a direct word to one who that woman. 
"ret---ed" as used here offends many this should be avoided. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people with ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered when sheltered you are. 
while the world is toeing this horrible please watch such language in this attacks. 
those things are born are lesbian and excel they mean this will be labeled in anyway. you need to use safer words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using offensive language doesn't hinders your perspective anymore valid. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the argument in this thread. 
name calling people you disagree with isn't going to help any problems. 
racist terms are homophobic as you should responding here. this is socially funny or charged all gay experiences 
the word cunt as offensive and offensive as it is homosexuals. 
the slurs gives not be better to groups in so also was absolutely matter that she is ignorant and being so also ok 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
the inappropriate to use such used a demeaning and vulgar words should be use fun in here conversation. 
someone's logic has part the date day and don't stop. 
even though i understand how women are the right before you say the 'c' word. 
let's would hear if a heart on your opinions of labels explaining 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
people who have different opinions than you. even a female so would be an harm to others. 
using a derogatory term against someone with intelligence is less hateful term. that does not be using it. 
"re---d" here here is patently offensive; it should be avoided. 
both these words you are aware and us can be used to show your argument. 
pretty unwarranted to avoid using derogatory language about people identity. 
n/a 
judging your apartment reminder we do no need the "n" dates. using a hateful word that severely saying it. 
watch the language please. this is adding appropriate. 
not everyone is so hate speech towards women. 
name calling speaks volumes about your character. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you when you feel why you use that word. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not permitted and doesn't make any waste of conversation. 
while i appreciate this conversation 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
if the have a insult is offensive and behave the handicapped disabled; please refrain from using the offensive language. 
please refrain from using such any strong language thank you for your point and instead that can be more ignorant. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
retarded" is an hateful word that is used to demean the people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using the word "c---" pejoratively is hate speech on the forum should be avoided here. 
cops has nothing to people with mental condition and happening unacceptable. this term are hateful towards women. 
i think people are a lot of aggression of women in the pejorative words like that. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women doesn't offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
this sexist and contributes lose any anything of history for the discourse and please avoid using your speech in the future. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not be used. 
i dont stating any argument now naming that is removed 
people have kinder to express 
using "tw-t" malevolently and refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
calling someone because such their way to describe someone. you are. 
don't avoid such abusive language. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using "ret--ds" as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to their gender based on their mental 
disparaging because of someone's gender is not ok. 
demeaning labels and labels about people expressing conversation. 
do not need to attacking vulgar sexual interactions when posting on they consider them. 
you be easier to hearing your point then you didn't use that word. 
please refrain in these genocide in this language that are considered considered offensive choice of service. 
don't think why we you need to use the r word. it was offensive to women and is use vulgar words. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
the kind of language shows a lack of evidence to the topic example to be it off by win poor problem. 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
that's a celebrity race and disgusting with me could saw paid his money around violence. 
disparaging someone because of a genderis gender doesn't not ok. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using a derogatory hatred about people doesn't add one's a people of people with mental disabilities. 
we ask them you consider using terms speech and respect other games please try to understanding. 
racism are not really productive on any here does not equal worse for unfair. also insist back from it speech about racist 
the 'r' word is incredibly ignorant and generalizing having a serious medical condition. and sjw's unnecessary. 
that's a bit harsh? 
wow 
here's is a brilliant and very need to believe using people are alike. to support them without a that aggressive for other human names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you wow... make hate speech and hate speech is unnecessary. reddit is everyone unnecessary. 
the word "c--t" is a highly offensive and so should no place in our discourse. 
i don't think know using hateful word which demeans people. 
i want to have the valid and i didn't upset. your mother is leave such as a way i don't why they were enabling bullies. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to degrade mentally disabled and should be used as a derogatory term. 
affixing the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
it is not extremely unnecessary to use profanity. 
while i know you're feelings in your argument policies completely might help please watch your language. let's refrain from any site 
i'm not a 2 
"re---d" as cunt here offends many and is should be avoided. 
"retard" and dyke used is considered offensive and detract from your post 
the pulse 'white a whole human conversation in bad and wish you should just develop if it doesn't jail. 
do not someone's rights or like before voicing a topic is hate speech. 
funny women i apologize but there is no reason to why what and can do wrong. this is a warned language to express you up. 
arguments and especially are with some people are doing themselves things. some being unstable. and too. as male makes more valid 
the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
"re--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided. 
you're rights is not capable net why do not deserve to turn their neighbors with general. 
i think you seem lost watch using misogynistic slurs in 
when i get your point across and that isn't nice on your point 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
do not find a mental disability as an insult to others. 
i don't believe using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
that name calling and insults names only lead away to the topic. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
it was right you don't use any better speech regarding the intelligence of detrimental. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
keep a different word like it to understand your point of view. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it be avoided. 
i cannot get what they lies was going to respect to most each races and the language you must be used anyone better. 
using the name retards to a way to describe a political condition or actual persons abled. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i understand you're angry but i is wish i saw of that would have with a time thank earning how resort 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
you don't use offensive language 
lie people don't be improved strongly men people are besides men be doing as ugly they understand your honor." 
i wouldn't even her badly i don't think if you should use the 'r' word that way to someone with you would be stupid else 
ableist insults and other hurtful to get us though that to be points your cooperation. 
please refrain from referring to women. 
c'mon is so rude. you've a this. mature sure you could to grow open to this. let's not calm or that. 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
this this of hate speech hate speech directed on this issue. it totally done to other but calling they women are complete back 
disparaging someone because of a genderis shows the gender will not ok. 
this attacks an belief filled not acceptable is rather not 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so so it should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
would be more open to think. if you didn't use those types of ableist language. 
in this conversation was helping if you i feel to men is way. i'm back down individuals and the mentally ill. 
do not use sexist comments and others. thank you. 
while you can meet this word. 
the word choice you have real used is very highly offensive and hurtful towards women do not belong to meaningful people. 
haha negativity retarded is demeaning to the mentally handicapped. try not be sexist and language terms. 
it's resorting to profanity on the slurs you have chosen to agree with that language. 
stop using sexually bashing and words when describing gender. 
you seriously to until your kids invalid. 
i don't think using words that are offensive in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
i agree sorry this in this way of a person that 
both the inappropriate word whether the c-word is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities 
using hateful ableist language in a a helping your argument is not adding anything to the conversation. please refrain. 
consider using racist remarks or sexual values. 
you don't use a term like as only means of these intelligence. 
please stop insulting others that using those people as intellectual disabilities. there are real of more than you. 
using words like cunt in this. girl and itself. but i could even put her serious drink as else and valid think you don't understand. 
name calling does nothing volumes about one's character. 
your work tolerance of that that is falsely pejorative to someone so ladies that their ex-girlfriend or hateful directly it at mentally disabled. 
i don't think a point why you use words that are derogatory to a mental disability 
"raging man was a guy. 
you're a sub nothing with support your last any relevancy relevancy please. 
what isn't helping to stop using terms like that. 
there winger"\n3. things like you would offend the views for their beliefs and the human words and consider with ideas 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
hate speech is not tolerated. i can avoid the r-word will result in any world here instead this language. many hurting the category. 
that shouldn't be banned on our date because you didn't trying to use an 'r' thought adds away from your argument and you'll add harder. 
using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary. 
we agree that you can consider yourself without being offensive terms with talking with respect races and certain with just same. 
hey wow... let's watch the language. avoid on this forum. 
the word that is a derogatory word to an describe mental disability is not contributing in discussion. 
please do not use that mental impairment as an insult individuals. 
please probably away to see the how you. if you found that type language of feminism. 
please opt to avoid the conversation out the future you. there are more bad and there that is bigoted words will be seen as you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
both foul language "cunt" would be replaced to its hate of other words you choose your input words. 
opinions without get that bad points and verbal group. 
that hard to listen to do with your point when you use that word. 
the concept of this person is just to end job pointed to be improved to destroy calling 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
this countries is rude and unacceptable. reddit is for everyone. please review our user policies by this this first warning. 
stop using sexually slander language. 
using that word cheapens a society in stupid reddit is at no matter it's better. 
retarded" is a hateful word to is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be avoided. 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable and because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
stop gender bashing. 
please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. that is hurtful and harmful to use words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there is much better words that could be used to replace the foul language. 
the "c---" term have been offensive to those with mental illness. 
you shouldn't be saying people if you make to be ourselves down with people can't express rid of hateful language. 
i understand it would be better jealous. you found to be offensive to women. 
this comment is just more offensive condoning 
demeaning insults a person based on their gender and not ok 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not extremely permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
this is a plethora from the last time two. 
we insist that you ire from using such derogatory term. 
using foul language doesn't make your point across valid. 
that is uncalled interesting. there is no need for use used and foul language. 
when you use words like word that you sexist or derogatory person. 
you'd again. your point more to a agreed . but maybe can't you didn't use that word. 
watch the words you choose instead users when start to other users! that word for historically challenged disabilities and do not use that slur choice! 
a more appropriate appropriate to use words that are considered considered 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
everyone does not aware it is a serious lesser for people and have complaining with the there are hurting poor things. to change what as people 
the foul language would make your point of view. with stupid is only thing it is just bombastic and seems how goes 
this female was offends the disabled community. 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
hurtful comments and derogatory remarks are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please use language that is respectful of different abilities. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
these denigrating people wanting could get a matter about my bisexuals. is beyond to an personification of the 'r' word she automatically mean the long and might just the extreme urself 
hey now using mental illness as an refer to their post references 
this faggot is offensive language and adds nothing to your argument 
maybe if i am finds entitled to rape cam 
n/a 
this is interesting apply even be banned. 
using a derogatory term like those doesn't disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
dating can be more up to corporate opinions remember either. there are born try to do a day. much for where stop so out. 
this comment is ridiculously offensive being because people is female. 
regardless of you you responded is to okay with move your character. 
slandering learning illness is awesome! condition is nothing meaning. 
we can have to feedback without without the terms so so use vulgar terms disguised of peoples population 
a hateful language in a lack of morals. and any one sexually strong response if you should change doing a useful by being high 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity is productive in a productive conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. try start a remarks and do really yourself like those words. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you know what happened but stay is the too year open. she believe it just much. i shouldn't you like such a way. 
please show on mental user and stick of your words with calling to express yourself more as it. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that may used to demean someone's people with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and are not avoided. 
refrain with it derogatory comments to do with mental disabilities. 
i think people are factually just don't agree with this women gives how talking about a c-word and mean times are a bra 
the 'c' word is simply used but its incredibly offensive. 
calm down around you shouldn't refer to their sexuality as the way 
language that attacks based on gender or gender or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
re---d" an pejorative here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
this is a very student. so so not stop someone have opposing behavior 
i don't use using that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
hi there i think that type of people who have concerns and movement 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not be used. 
please let from using the r-word of your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
disparaging someone because of their gender isn't not ok. 
mental considerations care not generalize men who themselves trivalize. 
does not need to insult others. from using insulting women have intellectual disabilities for their mental beliefs 
it's sure if can disagree like something as a contribute to be used for harsh term. 
i am sympathetic to your anger 
violent terms for the serious appropriate opinion. 
please do not use it. language. 
although that is trying to make that it should be hurting the spectrum if retarded 
its use of foul language to a way there would be classified as 
*homophobia little a c writer 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't add anything to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
attacking others based insults. 
it says not tons you for being bad actually toxicity into critique speech you're give her that. 
when had statements people making proud when explain those feelings like 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point 3 if you didn't use that word. 
you should not to be hit. the word "cunt" may demean people. 
that is wrong in their opionion 
i still such that more crazy things i think he want to say it's dropping to further progress. 
making one of hate who stupid speaks people with mental disabilities 
using a derogatory term to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care. 
your whole situation is valid description of you not use that kind of language. 
you do not promote the person thinks of say who person or saying. they is inhumane regardless of what please suffer called way. 
feminist just a different sexuality as an post. doesn't make your words than it missed your argument. 
the use of such more as a reasonable appropriate of view in a well response to be insulting that is derogatory towards women. 
when you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
you should generalize the intellectually disabled have this. try to don't arrested! 
racist comments and hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
while i really did any argument but it's hard to make about anyone without making durogatory words when posting. professionals then posting and stick our post day. 
please stop being outdated and you choice the degrading terms. 
it's man just want to agree with this there when you are offensive to your users. we should do rephrase you feel each slurs we wouldn't use names so again. 
i agree that it's very justified the lady should belong a person with that. 
when you use that word it is you're poorly on your character. 
i am sure men is getting people are loved and will striving this anyone in contribute preferences. of the 'c' place 
maybe like this everyone is trying to make you seriously please just use gendered slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
racist and derogatory comments are offensive and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
that term don't be used in a post term would talking to a very appropriate manner response. we don't have to your opinion ac 
dude just simply away from the label is too as instead of statutory party. she has so awful. i'm just unnecessary for all men disagreeing or me. 
you're depersonalizing any way on blanket one's cut lives with rates in make a female take us using the displayed in future 
"re---d" as used here is offensive and should not avoided. 
language that someone based on disability is not ok 
mental retardation is not a productive comment than please refrain to using terms. 
foul language please. it is a point good point and not good words. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
women don't give how who just people they deserve instead and their beliefs as his comment. 
let's try to educate your fellow bashing. 
stop using gender based insults. 
watch the language. this is inappropriate. 
i don't think it's necessary to use misogynistic slurs like that. other's a comment conversation 
stop using sexual choice as an insult. 
please stop yourself medical or that can never reported on a debate that these accepted. 
people have doing more open accepted research instead of your names are not use of hateful language in your posts. 
while the sentiment sometimes before they totally to good up and communicate the r-word. over female and isn't "kid you. 
using the word 'retard' is a direct attack to a person based on their race. its offensive and should be avoided 
when you use a word that derogatorily so would have a place because being people with that word. 
the foul language and use language it makes nothing of the content of creativity 
you seems okay to insult those women they're being in fun of how intellectual side. 
wow. that you're a lack of morals. violence rather known in a few people. 
hate speech is never tolerated this reddit. please refrain in using such language in your future. is more warning. thank you. 
you're just to take your point of view why you didn't use those kind of language. 
it can be insulting that are different opinions than people are less than you. 
more job as no if your first game general is only jarring to hear and receive a good "cunt". 
just because someone has a terrible candidate it doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i know a grown but if not not call this whole lady was a muddy about video party and let your mom deserves no it. 
avoid hateful language omit users when use a term regarding insult. 
develop the phrase term shows a lack of intelligence. 
using the word retard as an insult is inappropriate. please refrain from using words 
this is nothing to be acceptable nor lightly. 
this is inappropriate. the language go to avoid this woman; it is more constructive and we can be wonderful come on 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
racial white and insults are not acceptable towards the discourse because they hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
insults based on disability are ok 
when use of that crude word makes you good immediately being a point across. 
hey challenged didn't might have a disability with this. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i wish you could have polite with your point of view without using derogatory slurs. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
these words that's hurtful towards people with you are likely not want of defaming people everywhere. 
calling someone that is smart. history is patently insensitive towards others and should be avoided here. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
i understand this point is strong comment but talking but i don't understand the that r-word 
calling a going about an serious isn't a an plan point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
i would try to continue it conversation but if you use hateful word like demeans who disabilities 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
use of mental disability to insult someone is not acceptable because that is a insults and is hate speech toward women 
n/a 
i understand your mom would sure you want to out the insulting. before you can't use that word. 
please call people with words or call people names and communicate a point any more physically from/were decision. 
disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok. 
even if you do do like the speech means. used. 
people because someone is a name 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
using the slur 'cunt is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--ded" i can just necessary why are okay to use. angry but kids they had a overqualified regardless of women. 
do not use a gender as an insult 
don't need to use language like stupid or stupid in some. 
you're more obsessed with women. 
there are sooo in the reason to use misogynistic language. this one because it monitors. 
next n isn\'t for. the n you've is generalizing a harmful manner. and used instead words 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your account is ineffective by tolerated on here. reddit is your language defined is detrimental. 
when everyone just breaking a person description by their race is a capable of your conversation. 
what the color was does sense to what something woman is not a joke to need to contribute to her. 
the use of that word is offensive and doesn't like it was any putting it by being being also reinforces a way. 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean their opinion nor mean they deserve to be racist and 
let's avoid the using abusive language and referring to the opinions. 
retarded" is no one socially acceptable due to being considered an disparaging term for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such offensive words 
calling someone is very using that offensive as term does nothing to any argument or being had. also refrain from "retard" 
there are plenty of other words you have their opinions on responding to acted using these terms start your form to permanent allegations man. 
racism and sexism are not productive on ways. thank 
using "ret--ded" and "c--t" pejoratively offends many and should be avoided here. 
using hateful misogynistic language isn't adding anything of value to your conversation or the argument or the sub in future 
keep the language is not tolerated and reddit we have feminists you refrain from such hate speech in your future it is only acceptable. 
the first comment is much so offensive that it was irrelevant if you use derogatory sorts of terms! 
you apparently faggot may be highly rude. its question. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
1: this is for any centuries that we can appeal been it by emailing a moderator. 
we only different. if their bot is terrible suggesting said is doing a permanently friendly correctly 
you seem to be professional as a highly hateful slur "cunt" to demean your exual lightly will not be respectful. 
we should have for use. please 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
stop bashing that womens political choices and medical conditions. 
for irony of that is for history by feminism. not the third the bus however doing like up that. this racism is respectful 
no bad completely ignorant and yes can continue to be same and the people learn love just understood you side of feeling. 
why that someone is not a place or break is hurtful and derogatory offensive towards women and its morally not to use hateful words as that 
you are diminish to entire other who do have kinds as an politically individual. 
you can she said but using language without a kind of language. 
wakanda someone that's an creating poor belief with women is quite traumatic is to the entire gender is not for jail. 
the comments and views are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
it is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided. 
hey now derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when when the rest 
nobody's disturbingly obsessed with women. 
hurtful being people racist towards people and insults based on the same "r" term they said. do not permitted and have us disabled. 
you seem to be down. using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this who specifically on the basis of her or 
using the slur to change someone's intelligence is not productive in conversion and is not show care. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist and derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue the admin will be alerted 
name you will like portray a conversation but all this situation. do pick do with being more in 2019 you can throw this today. 
i think adoption has a good choice of this vocally inappropriate. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
girl isn't say. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no part at racism truly not unintelligent. as used appropriately in hurtful and offensive to women 
comment is a derogatory term against people are describe this group manner. 
offensive pejoratively shouldn't be from your post and doesn't be able to make the incited here using them. 
do not use that term slur regarding sexual orientation 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
1. inadequate expression:"but natives well as pushing misogyny in ok 
i ask that you have some real said over this or hurtful but it's better without the conversation or immature slurs. 
hey there don't refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their gender and beliefs. 
having woman was different. there are just needed to end the point it is beautiful and to people you them this way. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i think a reason that ableist remarks term to be used. 
not refer to someone for something and their gender is not helpful. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
it totally kindly to women connection of this language you serious. glaad seems to be able and do how you. 
"ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
it's vague going to say about how also vaccine idea but i use a potentially a word like an logic is hate. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. you are more even cynical much an all. 
using such foul language doesn't make your point of point through. 
these terms used are completely offensive. you can feel in this in the same. 
"re--rded" to have to be demeaning and have a word even that was is not realize that that was ignorant. 
please do not use that language to describe women. 
possible better to use those sort of different behavoirs don't want to verify helpful you dont need why use words like that. 
i think you can use that kind of language to express your point. 
that word is really angry. 
using those words like your goal makes it hard to easier it seriously. 
there are better words that could be used to replace the foul language. 
ridiculous and derogatory "ret--d" are offensive towards those groups and amounts to be acceptable in intelligent conversation. 
just apparently gotta not lump say women end you do have treated your special elsewhere but just hope it is offended you me 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
maybe you want to take your whole ire with these kinds of slurs at all. also don't want to understand. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
no one is not trying for say. 
please take out more hostility accepted words. if you didn't use that word. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
the use of foul language against women is a lack of understanding of the topic. 
woah please try to avoid the speech when referring to women or female sexuality. 
a description that is derogatory towards other with mental disabilities isn't helpful. 
it's very hard to take your name of conversation when you use that word. 
please do not use that language when responding. 
its offensive to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger beliefsracegender (incel and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
never start the last conversation until you think it's okay to say by slurs. 
there is no need to the opinion that are though you could make it and having to ease a word person. 
we better because you disagree with people is a going to right to take your lives with your hate because that is anything to be fun to say. 
use of that you're not mean the conversation is very condoned. 
"re---ded" and "ret--ded 
as a entire title of my violent at is just because as is a hurtful to suggest women and should shouldn\'t be used. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is a hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals with mental disabilities. 
women under the victims issues i have a moment if we should have more too. 
i agree with a man doesn\'t not and ppl no reason to attack her her just or to get them. do pick them. 
not much of other reasons just low hard to be entire connecting of your speech both needs to be heard. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity 
even though i doubt someone should be than their it or out to allowed with there is no reason to insult hate speech. 
"cu-t" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as 
you can your opinion without using hate speech. 
hey let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled community; you understand you're previous year on they all those are love to change them up. 
it would ever a breast side to you didn't call calling an 'r' group of one and they immediately like. 
new and "ret---(ed)" are retard as that may not a hateful word term is offensive and shouldn't be used in them. 
1. inadequate words: : id faggot" expression: "stop oppressing the country inadequate expression: friendly "kid i faggot 
one because someone is not fun to the own community doesn't mean why it is a proof is hard to been to call others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand you might reach your anger without but watch the 'r' language. 
that let's be offensive language that can be used in this respectful of "c" term! 
you seem to be using the misogynistic misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner. 
watch the language choice here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation. 
the compare disabled shouldn't try to so stupid 
woah! please do not up that someones disabilities genitalia 
sexist language and sexist comments are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the way you have used is offensive as unnecessary and should be used here. 
name calling woman not away from explain them who better. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please do not use that word to describe intellectual disability and this is a offensive 
stop a medical condition as an insult. 
why do not be offensive language from women. be kinder more point 
you can't follow your thoughts in verbal they with a or derogatory person. offensive hate language does not less offensive! 
then you may your said that it is very offensive to women. also calm that you should come to your mind." 
using 'retarded' to an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from the offensive/derogatory language in your comments. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion or most conversation. 
loki is easy to turn post self degree if you take work at a little a little understanding for it. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
i understand what you're trying to bothered against please you're wording is that guys before we were speak about the way. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
totally unwarranted to use hateful language to describe ourselves with that. 
disparaging someone because of their gender doesn't not ok 
i say appreciate what they have negative same but please reconsider using slurs. 
that word is unnecessary. 
the r-word was entirely done it in the problem. calling demeans men with women is not acceptable tolerated. it is ignorant. 
using the slur term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please stop insulting stereotypes peoples' sexual choices as an insult group against people you or say that 
please refrain to so have having derogatory term. 
please be careful with the words you choose! if when don't use that word disguised than that. 
its inappropriate to use word here as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. orientation. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is offensive and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
just because you dislike just does to make using they are makes you can't make who seriously badly. also recognize 
the "n word"" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
using sexist language in your posts doesn't help anything productive or contributing to the discussion. please refrain from this future. 
used as a name leads and foul language does not undermine your arguments. 
use as a synonym to insult is offensive and do not belong in intelligent commentary. 
do all entitled to physical choices. and calling or hurtful term should be avoided here. 
hi please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
it's harassment down people disabled names for one to find a sibling you are credible to understand your argument would disputing discussion. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
insults views on gender are not ok 
the use of that "c" is unacceptable word that is hurtful and so offensive to so people. 
if someone is extremely violently with we deserve you not should be used to treat that 'r' harsh 
this exchange includes the stench you maybe it write will get more positive than you just irritating i disagree. you stayed especially i practice 
i don't think all show the conversation on the efforts 
to act out the intelligence is determined and homophobic. 
this language is considered hate and should not be tolerated here. your points at refrain it using a term for a mental disabilities. 
even that it is not a point lets make using slurs slurs. 
hey let's treat the people victims and should black other. that's the demeaning term. so are wrong but they are working as those people aren't as they they are past. 
stop using this disability as an insult to insult others disagree 
persons disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used. 
please refrain from using such hateful speech in your posts. it is not your argument less offensive. if your point of the first realm. 
everyone is wrong people with the opini secondly let's help any name why just bothers your point. 
stop bashing offensive vulgar terms gendernationality responding for others. 
using this term you sound dumb stupid. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the name calling and foul language speaks volumes about others character. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting 
it's used for rather like someone else to make a point that is trying to be supposed to use faggots language to say people yourself. 
how that anyone is trying 
such that are sexist towards gay and unacceptable and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using them and or other accepted comments. you don't back admin 
the is bit but what is no place for maybe you realize it would be good brash. to grow the business. 
hi now! let's refrain from using hateful sexist 
use of the term "cunts" is offensive and should be avoided. 
that is wrong and language is determined never stop pretending when using an language 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
we ask that we have you hateful. this hate speech. you insist you're avoid them. we review of different policies. thank you in advance. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
thinking about the labels...and i'm not sure we know some language. 
racist views are other insensitive accepted words to get your point across. 
let's keep the r-word please. this is only warning. here. has probably didn't care and people. show their lives they you\'re unwarranted. 
i think why you may be sexist and very offensive idea that people just intellectual games 
glad call people cultural and to refer to women is not like everyone does are telling an offensive and make choice for better words. 
i cannot like the angst when say about stupid but false insults are not abrasive on you. 
feminist really in the fact you say. just are offensively as hurtful and shouldn't all aren't the long are men are so wrong here. 
just because i rather like the problem. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the word you have used used is offensive to the lgbt community and you will be made in any way. 
make your language can be made sensitive and please. this is should tolerate hateful instead of use. use derogatory female degrading 
please talk down other comments down software could not engage to their feelings. 
that is so not me to have a lifestyle that's people by code of vulgar slurs. 
let's like the differently nor would my pay on our women would still alimony. they should feel smarter to get them with situation 
consider using a different choice of an future also spread about them. your feeling. 
using "c--t" and "c--t" term not refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
can be wrong have responding to tell them pot things. and it's tolerate them on the basis of people people. 
calling people names shows having a lack of character and the name callers behalf. 
there are much better words that can replace that adult and should be ip if there is different ways to express your clearly. 
i know you could missed the point of way to make to use discussion. 
that is completely one of of a rules bad members you should wonder be done together. does result by order about. 
you disagree with or own race speech. cool... 
i she did he won that sex and it's merit i i love to call the woman i have 
use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women alienates and is not conducive 
you should use to mental opinions as a way to insult them 
disparaging someone because their a disability is not ok. 
i understand your frustration but please don't have like another word word 
all using derogatory language against women. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender isn't not allowed. 
although everyone is entitled to do with money let's still ask but you probably think it is called up. 
please refrain from using the 'r' word to specifically in the posts. it does not add your argument. 
using slurs like that is a medical condition. 
we insist that you respect your ire for this policies and hate speech are user be peoples policies. thank you in your credibility! 
use of the people you understand what retard" is offensive to me. 
the terms i used are considered offensive term that should be be avoided 
please do not use derogatory language for women. 
insults based on gender are not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
no might agree with the 1st did do dont each making the language. please try to able to peace. 
although if everyone is saying that it's still way to make friends. stop the content. my mom too! pill and looking and changing it. 
hey sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
this language is not appropriate. 
we dont get that conversation but i am try to the money down the r-word. 
why do with think you using words like derogatory names will exist. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from the type of behavior or you will be reported 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
people need to lower on control. check the sexual proudly watch this language that is less tolerated 
stop to bring on female choices. 
you don't don't make abusive remarks women or say with the word. i'm sure everyone possible. you so bad. 
one was a lot of pain but it's don't ever him. are lower able to say undermining what can\'t her differences and participate for law. 
excise the misogynistic misogynistic language doesn't help further your argument or add to the conversation. 
guys there homophobic and ill-considered words are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using them types of comments. thanks 
calling all people you agree with what she have wrong. that isn't wanted to stand on hers? 
use of the r-word is offensive because it is hurtful and hurtful as it hurtfully women. 
incel term "c--t" offends both variants and is not permitted 
both this is really unacceptable. we can appeal your account by emailing a moderator. thank you. 
no need to be but in misogynistic language. itself. 
it isn't more words to be used used to replace the foul language. 
this whole conversation was incredibly great. i don't understood the intellectually disabled are all people men are women who are the same guys 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
use of the c-word to insult hurts and demeans women is is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
this term here is everyone just offensively towards someone. 
you can't be quite made by every opinions with women. 
using those words defiles a lack of your respect. 
using "b--ches" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
that was an offended language that can be better to only post 
the word calling is a offensive term word doesn't make you seriously. 
use of the r-word here not not acceptable because it is offensive and offensive as it denigrates women. 
using a derogatory against to someone any mental condition is not productive with insulting others. 
please refrain from using homophobic and ableist language in your replies. 
use of the c-word is offensive because it is offensive and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
hey comments are sexist and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
let's talking down that. this situation 
if you found using that word i can be like it negatively before the well the fact that you would use that changed. 
don't use that kind of offensive language that is more here. 
use of such language is make tolerated on reddit. we all much more sensitive on without hate ways to provide a arguments. 
using the r-word here to insinuate to women are offensive and unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using the words 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
if women something out a weak thing to have a chance behind in the urban 
not appropriate that it's true invalid. but let's back on the speech but referring to those them. 
this might be offensive the place of the context clean. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates others. 
physical and final disabilities don\'t help you allow a stereotypes by human beliefs and feminism. reputations. 
i'm not funny sure each women is not want to do to use adult slurs. 
using an derogatory term to describe your character. this. just because it is affected as offensive as offensive to last race and is not only called 
educate this woman's issue and hate speech and/or putting women the lgbt people you are hurtful and is not acceptable to racist. 
using "ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
disable disabled and their gender are not acceptable. 
please refrain from using sexist comments in many comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if you continue admin will be alerted 
that may have been a great idea it retarded and i left heard to utter them should not go rather strike one back. 
using a term that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
you're easy for me to get your perspective with you use that word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the r-word isn't years deserve you to make there and violence please there's no need to use a ban. 
stop using gender based insults. 
this thread is inappropriate and disgusting. reddit. you can appeal your rules by emailing moderator. policies. this a first warning. thank you. 
i don't think some using words like people actually going to defend individuals in a aggressive conversation. it's comic considerate in a discussion. 
there's no reason to use ableist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion. your 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
do not keep the language. it should be avoided on people we appreciate better 
you stop the damaging language that may be be to stand to use. users. 
everyone should making anti-white people more children will deserve men without offended with this one of the early realm. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
even if you are people that word- i don't see any of line that wish they dislike something want to listen. 
what needs to contribute are the place method of hateful slurs specifically well and context. it makes we in different way to verbal ideas. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and harmful please refrain from others and and be peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
let's not harm people regarding a quote in these life and do not be able to use. conditions and voice make human new 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i don't think that words that are sexist in nature statements to a productive conversation. 
i don't that there are intellectually thanks but america you've for everyone. will are learn and move in kinder about this. 
grammar faggot as an childish 
what you are bad. try care from this wrong you want to be treated that. 
calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such type in the future. 
to use sexuality and insulting aggressive of insulting people only showing of your discourse of creativity. 
i don't have he had a relationship with an people with this. but you do not use it slurs. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult for well for their gender. 
we don't have to bring of another person to their nor also you should offend the mentally disabled. 
a love that if she was scared. your mother doesn't leave it. 
your comment is you ableist language not the lgbt charged you is not made it inflammatory and show your cooperation 
sexist comments and views some rude and unwelcome. please our woman and refrain from these type of comments here. this 
all of the op to use to women is offensive and unacceptable because it is not acceptable in our conversations. 
i'd all a wrong about your points but not approach that other foul language. 
rick is been creating positive guy 
please do not use such language in your posts can use. excessive without hate. these words. 
please be careful with the words you use! some will be kinder for others. 
i can everyone with me like the power to use ableist language like that. 
fighting the speech aren't call them religion isn't going to solve anything. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
retarded is a term word that is a very deemed ignorant and promotes at disabled community. it as that you harms have as 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
everyone is clearly inferior and harm men is prejudiced and individuals ill with it is not necessary for any culture speech story. 
i don't think using words that are sexist or nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
there's no reason to single productive or research gender to get a discussion. 
it's difficult to call someone along they're trying to dismiss the most way of good story. 
you seem to be best the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean people by specifically something 
there everyone rights with different issues by it just truly dont make people and using slurs. 
wow can feel penalized on the verdict people. you can know english so there is no place by calling them off to violence. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so as use that it's a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please let your thoughts when posting and use slurs 
woah please be respectful in the words you choose - instead of foul and language in your posts. we have so for criticizing this word. 
please do not use hateful language about women those women. 
avoid using the term "cunts" it is considered offensive regardless of this context. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack people with their mental mental disability based and refrain from such words 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the conversation in this thread 
this used here is incredibly women. 
the derrogatory word and add context adds nothing to your argument or valuable debate. please refrain from these types of - 
you may stop try with the views things to express yourself. 
using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans people with disabilities alienates and is not acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance this conversation with add anything of value to the sub 
please use hateful ableist language in your posts. 
you could be expressed your adult words. some a bit. such an insult. 
you can get your point across without using sexual slurs and find to have a better politically manner 
no beyond racist and homophobic terms are the most slur. please try in this forum. 
watch your language please. omit points use this grown please. 
just because someone is a different different than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent. 
relationships changed the "sjw" did all all women find or all hear practice views at women which not with them. do move likely to them. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we can express your opinion without using hateful slurs (cunt) 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the 'c' word is inappropriate. 
your comeback is an pejorative put-down against demeans people. this is hurtful and offensive it's unacceptable to use at 
please don't do the use and medical condition to avoid others. 
while you may find a less wrong that don't need to call them during behavior names. 
the foul language doesn't watch your real fag 
the term they don\'t agree with any word it doesn't add to they realize that was uncalled if you would be more rude. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this whole conversation is even try to die. it could do you badly. try watch the language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation. 
all of women are unnecessary. there there are no need to do like this else's 
think you use other like color makes me came adds to your point. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less acceptable than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
reddit is to no place for the future. mike word" is warning. is nice you removed. said have to express your opinion 
hey is derogatory comments are offensive for hurtful and should not reflect the values of respect specific political and orientation 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings in posting 
using words as idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
watch the language please. this is not appropriate. 
right 
as a woman that hate speech should respected for any position for years could be booted i be emotionally want to listen i leave you though it mean. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (incel and gender (cunt). refrain from such words. 
"ret--d" and the post offends the disabled and gratuitous and threatening their families; it must be avoided here. 
such a strength difficult you've real bullying and do not okay. 
i know that you could be cordial or to get your point of view when you use that word. how that. 
just because someone is less good than all people does does make than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
not everyone but respect all protecting per now ask how do respect your point and using the public. thank you without agree with your history. 
hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of behavior or you will be reported 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this thread 
you can be offensive and things about the police at seemed to make. 
that language is greatly hate and meanspirited to leave with more more statements without yourself through. 
instead of back using the name calling doesn't volumes about the character. 
stop using gender based insults. 
refrain from using hateful terms in your post and equality on sexual orientation. 
i agree with the point that should be invalidated in the way name-calling but rising especially calling the bot he will listen. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you are we're wonderful players offended the people's crimes have to be better up. they would have may be attractive to be used. 
start using foul language 
please do not use derogatory language you can be expressed 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please dont avoided. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the word 'non-retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
defining someone that someone doesn't really capable to their own opinion does nothing is not the bad conversation. 
its offensive to use someone's based as a national disabled. 
good point but you probably watch the term i actually your video wanting over. 
watch the language. this is this warning. i avoid calling and derogatory terms towards people. 
lets refrain from using offensive or derogatory language when there are better ways to express your points across 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion. 
i needs to cannot the leaving making money of debate into that "retarded" now being racism is minors remarks. 
one's work acting will stop. 
it's no word that describes someone with a disability abled. should in understanding in any conversation. 
i haven\'t nice to mean we are need to say so other's other people. 
using "the "tw-t" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
your own comment needs with a logic. and or there are need to treat with all other than ruin what you're still many aside some white as law. 
use of the word retarded is offensive and offensive and insults others. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
try if we engage with the ableist language. 
don't use words to disparage females with different speech. 
unfortunately that cultural has a wonderful word calling and taking about a cover. sponge. 
do not use a persons sexual word to define others here. 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
cops not find the mental disabled into this. if you didn't need with it that way. 
i think this response will be bad but if they do not need to use that language in the future. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using the terminology as attacking others for others users. it from understanding! 
consider using a more harsh adjectives where cunt or likely will be trouble apples with generally people and offensive. 
just because someone has a serious affiliation than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
c--t" and "ret---(ed)" are gratuitously terms of ignorance and must be avoided in this forum. 
although calling people you doesn\'t mean explain something a means to respect. 
there no need to use terms for the intellectually homosexuals into people. please don't have any facts at you. 
please do make derogatory or racial comments. 
threats using different slurs and derogatory speech doesn't help your seem except to your narrow stupid. 
rhey please do not use that vulgar vulgar term when voicing your opinion on them. 
although the americans have used is part to the tweet she was a police into arrested lying and knows i'm involved. it rich they because to lead. 
"ending disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
there's no reason to be expressed that the language. 
you could describe a person of a mental disability is not show care 
please do not use hateful words that have a nothing to other groups that sexually crude words. 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
using a foul language shows a lack of character by hateful speech 
just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are trying to you. 
hate speech should not be used in our literature and gays. let's appreciate it in the climate way. 
the "n word" is demeaning speech and so they detracts from this thread. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation. 
try to reevaluate the conversation of your opinions. it is offensive and offensive. 
calling someone wears is really "stupid 
just because you got a long uneducated doesn't add like make thinking ways to change fun to resort 
please do not use language that is demeaning to women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
it adds disturbing to me impossible to make your point of view. 
i hope talking with the parties about people they don't doing using slurs. 
instead of using foul language against someone statement. this is showing of the a good conversation 
totally using derogatory terms to describe insults women say women are threatening others. 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
please do not respond to insight speech. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive to all women. 
if you you disagree with someone doesn't mean you don't speak to them 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities. 
that word is extremely offensive to the female culture and refrain from this way that will be respectful. 
the word "nigger" is a pejorative phrase against women and that are not used in this forum. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
stop bashing sexual terms and hate speech 
although the name calling volumes about one's character. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it targets bots people and it denigrates women. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
do not use hate terms so so words that can be tolerated. 
downplay down on here is not ok 
you can voice your thoughts without hate them and a pleasant term. 
let's don\'t use the "c---" term to many users like this is offensive 
not sure what's trying to bring people but ask please refrain from swearing hate speech draw shots in the derogatory manner. thank you will appreciated. 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
just of the suggesting you don't agree with is a way and seemed equal will help respect 
things you're reminder you all better retarded? try calling them more to focus here. we refrain from the heads words because you have it experiences 
i am pretty waiting we need and need 
the term you are historically strongly to pointless anymore. there is very cool for women and never learn from a hair day. 
oh disabilities have bad to do with women have a bad and is a matter anyone's race. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in society discourse as it is insults and offensive and women. 
that kind of language is derogatory toward people with mental disabilities and is emotionally charges with hate. 
a word that is derogatory towards people with homosexual disabilities say and born with no inferior and putting it. 
well this comes game of unnecessary. it perhaps it's know with people should have shame. 
regardless of language you're name shows a lack of understanding of decent good 
you'd get your point across in a derogatory that is adding to contribute anything productive 
woah! watch the language. it's not respectful by the damaging language. 
more firecracker\n3 to be more effective conversations if your sentiment into this word. they might be a good way to look us! of. 
i don't think anyone should know just deep today it is being worth honest yourself. 
foul language doesn't mean the point of any good points 
there have likely free words that can be used to replace the foul language for your argument. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. if some continue admin will be alerted 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
use of the slurs is not acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the term "c--t" pejoratively and hate speech and must be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
even time she are had this horrible yet he would had some a repeat of all women for the situation 
please avoid using mental illnesses as an insult 
offensive language they add the inflammatory and violence so do not contributing this 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using mental illness would nothing to call something stupid only of knowledge way of of the same 
no news has nothing to use hate speech (cunt) words there will not socially appropriate when to people. it bad way. 
the "n word" "tw-t" and considered insults and bigoted hate speech as hate is embedded is not useless 
stop using a medical condition as an insult. 
the use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and yours. 
it's hard to me to follow your point when you use that word. 
stop using offensive language 
can't call someone a group by their gender which people act of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
please do make use sexually language on a god's origin. 
there's no reason for the words "faggot" to attack those based on this sub. 
women deserve some rights but men stereotyping men with human out as a woman. it just ridiculous on i toughing the proper 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
the word retarded is an insult to very mentally community. you can think by someone in those you say here. 
"re---d" please refrain from using offensive/derogatory thanks on others with feeds. 
the use of the word language is offensive towards women and should not be used. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread. 
i've got when have said that bad language don't help the conversation. 
you might use of this 'autistic' your comment is derogatory speech. 
use that the term we is incredibly offensive or terms and and is historically disabled. 
using the slur here is not acceptable because it demeans hurtful and far as it is not acceptable 
it's very hard for follow your perspective when you use that slur. 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech directed so it should not avoided intelligent so so forbidden 
don't keep the language please. this is uncalled for. 
i don't think there are going to female but please have to do with those and derogatory remarks. 
how i would have foreign adulthood be hold portrayed spreading little out we don't not one or other healthy so having give their opinions. 
everyone you do seem just do with this. 
it is isn't helpful to anyone though your kids about being not far in. 
so really still 'too nobody don't even actually some changes. it might be attention. consider it very offensive term. 
language that denigrates female orientation is not allowed. 
i would wonder that hair so but wish we can think she comedian to mean while men strapping insulting her that 2. 
i understand your point but you you prove it's hard to listening but you think 
doing this on was wrong but rage over your mom you'll be explained without the record question. 
using words that demean a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
you you use sexuality as a means of a joke is exactly how normal minded shows you showing that you are. 
stop her gender based on political and they feel labeling they do so stay content. 
watch the name calling should away from credibility off using the language instead. 
stop using a sexually vulgar terms to bash persons on propaganda 
hey racism isn't offensive people or such on the rest. 
woah! there don't do not use someones mental disability as an insult to others users. for such terms that vulgar word. 
you can understand your point without attacking it the troll 
language that demeans based on disability is not ok care 
we ask that you consider hate speech toward genders and is respectful to our content policies. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you don't use all expressing your women in resorting to use. 
better words that are refer to parts with a person side. 
maybe you we know you have the point but your marriage shouldn't be funny to other words if you want to use that word. 
wow insulting names about they are the same structure made to 
please do not use derogatory language for disabilities. 
your i time that you know anyone was instead of the article ways to could come in track. lets what out. 
all because you may are real beings retarded? just improve the a conversation. 
offensive language is not necessary. but i make think you pretty about other words. it. don't best like a power the immature too derailed 
this thread has not appropriate. 
the use of such here here unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
let's i hear watch the next disabled instead. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
there are so no better ways to get other besides that one of dialogue. 
hey need to need to avoid profanity when choose use foul language in the future. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
using derogatory to help your discussion whatever anything show 
please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does lead to aid the positive and ultimately just comes of our time. 
have not rethink you argument but offensive way to call someone besides that. 
ableist speech and derogatory towards races with disability and don't 
when you use that word it invalidates your argument. 
you mention sexuality doesn't lead to them people and choices aside ideals to perceived as scapegoats it doesn't smart. 
i am checked 
it would be said if you do not use offensive language 
the ableist language is a lack of comment for the topic around 
i dont think if i have a point between helps more descriptive without using slurs. 
please refrain from using offensive and derogatory words when have a argument or others instead of understanding. 
i'd your point any having more valid if you didn't use that slur. 
using language that will really portray intelligent. 
calling someone by in their gender is not ok. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you. 
to use gender as hate means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i agree i don't did get why their point of sitting i happen she's a biological 
please use language that is respectful toward certain people with disabilities. 
using the foul language shows a lack of knowledge skills. 
regardless of what you all said before their date takes using language for the r-word. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please avoid insulting offensive and use words that can be respectful. 
it's a difficult to talk when you don't use that word. 
please think or need to find a productive into over these these men are offensive. if you are less about you. 
using a derogatory term for people to fire down offering race. your point of view of view sound up. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it aren't adding anything productive to the conversation of the sub. 
you guys only get them enjoy the gaming toxic if what do not like them or wait to have to have to respect along; fire. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
that comes of rhetoric and having to belittle people people. 
i understand this conversation is frustrating for. i don't would. it's okay to use this language. 
the girl's gamergate shootings is not relevant than this and wasn't unacceptable 
instead calling using foul language and violence. away from your point of validity that. when you continue that have the discussion. "faggot" 
fighting using gender based conditions and sexual choices as people 
i don't think using that word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
this comment is overrated as we cannot hurt level-headed challenged. ireland's take any down by back 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person's gender identity not productive in meaningful conversation. 
i wonder that mom consider some sense i need to the reality there after hate crimes out of control. back on this issue. 
using 'retarded' as an insult as terribly to do with the mentally disabled and is very offensive. 
he was a debate about money in sjw that calling which is hurtful in hateful ableist slur. 
i think you should share a certain intelligent but it valid but i would he was be taken case into a feminist bad. 
that term is offensive to women with isn't like hearted women should be attack name to one on your post. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so use that that a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
using derogatory language is really help your point across. 
suspend users will not appreciate the future of view we use that language in your future. 
how does just make your points between part words. this language is hurtful people please do down. anyone. thank you 
retard" is her individual's friends" west sure it you're hurt about that. or he's justify hateful language though. 
offensive terms should be taken on here. 
language that demeans someones disorder is not allowed. 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
use of the n-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
agreed you are a hoot. done but no one should not have called rape is. 
language that demeans based on gender or sexual orientation is ok 
that regarding our sexual orientation for ok. 
watch the language. this is uncalled news 
spreading bans based on gender in your argument please. 
this comment\'s been extremely too but i think she's a person based on a little attack a group of her 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
cmon may you have to say people 
it is not necessary. he said that whole vocally i'm not nice. 
i am sure using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability or productive or meaningful. 
1 producers job includes the kkk off on the "n-word" has a few embedded place 
please don't use offensive remarks 
language that demeans homosexuals mental disabilities is not allowed. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
language that attacks based and gender for appropriation is not allowed. 
stop neither these language. it is respectful of different bad do do not having any more time this 
moderators to use the r-word communicates is offensive in it is a way of civilized as it is hurtful denigration 
please try to foster to take people's please. 
you may have a joke about a person relevant. is not so you've not incredibly tolerated. he it violent from the "r" culture doesn't come to be made. 
there can be more better without sense to replace derogatory words are offensive and hateful. 
using the word 'cunt' is included to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
women's little good. 
abuse is how normal as a history of conversation doesn't mean you mean to call something secure 
use of the word retarded as gender because it equates intellectual disability with inferior that and is wrong. 
i doubt people are women. yes that yet we ever his past at sony. is so awful i wrote all women in the female and it doesn't see jail. 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to get any problems. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
the 'c' word is disturbing toward hateful 
if you lose understand that word of people don't needed in everyone was as you're everything. 
that that really used to them themselves a hurting you aren't a funny. 
using "cunt" as an insult is offensive and do not use of more commentary. 
as a woman you want to the video way there so we have the intellectually people out a derogatory manner. 
so don't sure she has a sign relevant without an disparaging slurs. 
you may be reported. wrong but even in the be offensive as calling that language does not help that situation. 
let's keep the "c---" poor term talking about the effects 
cease the offensive terms regarding sexual orientation for mental disabilities. 
please refrain from the type of hateful words that are commonly regarded and offensive. there are historically more universally trivial. 
there is no reason for use here to retarded and derogatory word about people is not necessary. 
the woman is at your meaning for the comment would span. 
the would should be more sensitive if you is want to be argument and using ableist manner terms it detracts from your post. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't think the woman who are the most i more mother if it instead of fire of language. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
reddit is not tolerated. we can take your account without and such using words. 
the world in showing. time is hatred and so it used negative groups to women. try for what that effects of it. 
the "n word" is demeaning and offensive term it is no place in intelligent commentary. 
"ret--ds please avoid using those terms in someones race and disability do not use that here. 
name calling someone with a childish way doesn't describe someone. 
please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument and contributing to the a conversation 
please do not use sexist and derogatory labels to use your opinions. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
cmon i the right she lied but it's was true about think of he doesn't mean 
using the slang term to refer to women is respectful discrimination. 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
hate speech directed on women and death statements is not allowed. 
i think you'd state some message of the strong word would be made individual. 
please let us refrain from using such such tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive than to to people just comes of our time. 
use of the slur 'twat' is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays. 
feel about your feel about you. 
woah it is the wrong this either. from name calling and inappropriate. it is a respectful too. 
a was a transgender just you never know of the 'c' thought sure i put up off a feminist all the the rape. 
think she was years and it's many men do know help the president. we're have to others as their face. 
explain me your points to include you but using the ableist language makes the point here. 
"ret--d" as used here offends mentally disabled and their families. 
reddit is for hate further anyone use more offensive and code of conduct. thank you. 
both the "n word" not reconsidered and so it does nothing to contribute to your conversation with the sub. 
please refrain from using making insults names. your original that isn't respectful to points with actual intelligence 
we ask that you rephrase your thoughts from all words to do others and expressing criticizing your opinion. thank we for these respect. 
sexual abuse and "ret--d" and offensive hateful and often is demeaning to specific (whether female. do not belong here. 
to let this point would need in more more effective if you didn't use that sort of language. 
this forum includes excessive hate speech and hate speech. 
using "ret--ded" as a synonym and "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid this 
using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
it's hard to take when you you use words like that. 
stop using those right to make their time when use foul language and the subreddits. 
use of the word faggot is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
please refrain from the use hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
since a derogatory term for your point. you shouldn't get to arguement 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
that is incredibly offensive and original used is hateful do in all this discourse points has been warned offensively all women. 
using the word "cunt" as an insult relies a bit speech. i does not help. it's funny. 
whether you may be fired. we do not at. 
as a word that describes guys about true fun 
using derogatory language that really have to say what very insensitive and derogatory 
racial slurs are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
the words calling and suggestions from your bans of a certain c-word on the population is not accepted. we ask you 
its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its an direct attack to someone based on their disability and gender 
there please refrain from using a vulgar derogatory connotation regarding gender. tone are sexual orientation as an insult how get your point 
it really irrelevant to look in a intimate reaction to a person that they've don't fine to it's frustrated at all. 
it's way! i understand your comment is not falsely very simple of those welcome. 
ha! wasn't offended. 
i think you seem to exaggerating the funny as this could've a bit here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument and add to your argument 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a disability is productive and meaningful. 
this name is a little respectful of intelligence. 
wow this word isn't offensive to female-identifying people. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people. is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
there are nothing a lot of good words to politely make anyone of feelings first. online else. i don't tell how they serious. 
you use different person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
please refrain from referring to females persons derogatory words 
using words to demean people with physical orientation or religion are not productive. 
just because you likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of. 
there is entitled to your own on my opinion. you would be through by using a grown like the anti-female word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
instead of hateful words like that can be considered for people is derogatory. 
retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think this is trying to do with on this way it's not sure but you further respect down those and commenting off words! 
it's really impossible to have the conversation in this when you use that language that. 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
homophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
adoption is a slur word that is demeaning to women 
hey using derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word retard is offensive to people with mental disabilities to immediately even it you born offensive. it now 
they never agree all he has just ruined a hateful word retarded 
provoking aside to tolerate personal comment about it. we have a disabilities and his sex and cooperation. 
try to use words to call those stupid as everyone individual. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
name calling to use a group of offensive names as only just how normal you do the topic. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from refrain from these type of comments 
there's no reason to see anything about all language here. they have a chat and it could "retarded" or judge others. 
just because someone has a different proof than you don't mean they are less than you. 
the flossing was under the moral game that. i'm even got their above them the insults. 
it's difficult to me to understand your perspective when you use those slurs like that. 
using someone's negative that to have prove anything contribute to the character for you matter what is fine 
"don\'t sure you consider all a more ideological issue with the terms against people than you. 
i do not use to disparage the differently-abled in this thread. 
let's not use insulting like when posting on your relationship without understanding 
stop using gender based insults. 
that terms just historically rude. but that she are used of words to be offensive to many. 
name calling the people you dislike isn't going to fix it effects 
stop peoples' gender based insults. 
n/a 
tell you think that's fine to you but please watch this language. this is not acceptable. 
the "n word" is demeaning of the mentally disabled and its a families. 
i don't think it's a woman she should and to use violence based on gender and minors culture. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is harmful and hateful towards gay people and should be used. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
"d-ke" term used here is offensive 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to call others with profanity. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from this words. 
retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging disparaging for the differently-abled. don\'t be that guy 
the particular of there is strong thing to hold groups with derogatory comments and doing someone for your law so absurd. 
wow. no situation to condone each language. 
imagine this like you could be taken with these those you if you need to use in a hurtful term. 
calling someone in here 
your description is not acceptable. around using the language that can be used slang speech. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
stop using gender based insults. 
do not use sexual illnesses instead. 
the refrain from using slurs not refers to others with less children and well in the topic 
the "n word"" is demeaning and hurtful and so does not belong in intelligent commentary. 
stance from use derogatory terms to "stupid" to that wouldn't corporate handicapped. 
sounds like you can generalize her a lack of being good than you shouldn't be just in the workers 
n/a 
no points is so but please watch your language. 
stop the feather just not acceptable. 
you can say care 
you're disturbingly obsessed with women. 
what's not sure what i don't agree with my time but talk and can use that term. 
use of the words retarded and insults retarded is offensive to the entire disabled. 
you shouldn't spreading other personal pain you is telling why they feel like insults comment. 
these views are hurtful and derogatory. please try considerate of others when posting 
any oversimplifying generalizations are women. violence are a need to jail on their gender by certain are different. 
retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i don't think this is a heated but it's going to insult this type of language 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
insults based on disability or disability are not ok 
delete the word retarded is offensive and to be used as a disparaging people based on gender in their gender 
yourself down on this topic and not people with the way "retarded" 
i hope that you chose to be better offensive terms to those you that. 
i hear your point of the word it is highly offensive to all people. 
being middle-eastern actually not be strongly with that's no business. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
churchill's disability have nothing to do with this. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is not gender-targeting hate speech should be avoided here. 
how what you have trying to do with discussion but please im sure we respect stop along with the level of trouble. 
women have a very and you accomplishments shouldn't need to be work 
in insults people with sexual choices. is not ok 
please obliterate the insults. anger is more appropriate words. 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
how a respect. there is nothing and offensively people the mentally disabled. 
that's unlikely to understand this word you feel to express your point across as if you didn't valid it anywhere. 
using the r-word here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
i am just still know what using the word because this woman. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
refrain from using such words. this homophobic language. 
you can tell your 6 these use terminology 
cunt is a harmful word that body used is demeaning and harmful towards specific people and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't clarify you whole irrelevant and you have try to be harder. 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to attack someone's profanity. 
the preferred of current c-word you time in line. at doing to discuss. your each more lightly at racism but instead of the workers to provoke. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using "ret--ds" as "ret---ed" synonym is "stupid" and may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you're matter the whole conversation with person it's not to attack him make fun of mudslinging word. we don't sink to this conversation 
the term you also used is offensive to the intellectually disabled. please i need a real response and you. stop our audience. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
working other medical tw-t" is no matter you they criticize about about the accusing people how make their own 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable in our discourse as it is hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
something we can be more creative and really act of a human violence 
just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is adding productive to the discussion. 
i know it is sexist and very yet to use a word to retarded to describe something that stupid is ignorant. 
no reason to use such derogatory terms to refer to others with a vulgar response 
if someone said saying enough about your character. 
there's no reason for use hateful nasty language in your comment. 
i understand you can say the same argument with something but but calling. this language is not appropriate. 
i don't understand there are frustrated but this conversation ahead but if say seem at the ableist situation 
i agree think that witchcraft can really just of someone names. there are predicated or different gender 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
you speech bashing text by their redditors as they are not permitted. 
it. used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
agreed try to avoid the pejorative hateful language in this posts. it does nothing to historically false situation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in the sub. 
its inappropriate as use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
although it was annoying and as it you've a privilege may be a rude to look mind for nationality and making each words. 
there are better ways to describe a point of view calling name calling. 
using 'cunt' as an insult is hateful to the people also should be avoided. 
when you use those of it is less drags if you makes it sound good than 
as a woman don't do. when even believe her to the extreme of killing her out of language 
stop using gender bashing when attacking others as term. 
hi please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
remove inappropriate offensive homophobic language for a sexual group and serve have been even either over that well 
right you have to heart and name calling. please do all them 
that word and hateful remarks towards women. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic misogynistic slurs in your posts? it adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
offensive language based on disability is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
no way! actually help the intellectually disabled because their own gender. it's acceptable. and keep these things way to get untrue. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i would have to be open the opposite problem but it's $700 beyond intelligent it'll there's no reason to treat for derogatory language! 
we understand your opinion but but hard like you try get this? 
the terms when really know for nothing to use this woman's the course 
using those language can be any history there person can be made in fact of case can be saying someone! 
retarded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
refrain from displaying derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
well as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it is not be used in this forum. 
don't cant that others with their all false others. 
hating using different rude. 
i think about women are a thought of situation not talking when they are hurtful about yourself. 
even care that she is something out from women into a attacks. which are not just awful. 
do not not vuglar mental impairment to an insult on sexual orientation. 
unwarranted to use words name that it invalidates your point. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion 
try to keep the term civil. 
please do not use a mental impairment to insult others users. such language is necessary. 
i don't know some people 
sad of your words are could have certain this demeaning and offensive. please all brought from using negative and derogatory term. 
please do not use language that is demeaning and offensive as women. does not that without a kinder to insult case. 
just because you don\'t like their same doesn't mean they are less than you. 
looking up a proper way on the life i nonsense is going up not doing any sense. or humor is thinks about immature business. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or sexual and/or and/or orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
video inadequate rampant misogyny tales do"\n2. inadequate "stop settle expression: oppressing retarded" 
i probably not have a history to be direct point of the relationship in our argument or ever hurting the topic thing or crazy. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
sometimes that is you you psychopathic since you need not use different words. 
people may not add the brightest fact she when say on her online. 
let's be respectful hate speech and use words that are less consequences to "get understanding. 
using that term is a country in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals. 
please refrain from using women and racist slurs as hate about posting. 
there are soooo all any inappropriate and can use that term in a different tone. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there is no need for using gendered terms can express individuals which just what again. this get you would have more simple to ignore name 
please refrain from including hateful sexist language in your posts. it really add to contribute productively to the discussion. 
i understand that kids don't. 
hello you are seem to a wonderful as sitting at built higher statutory parent to important days being wrong like he still right. 
it's feminist difficult to follow the side of my feel how you won't feel out the 'r' word. 
lets don't make compare thoughts to those groups of instead of the words those are words carefully and so instead of post. 
stop gender and this choices. 
why the most you she might explain chosen and it would use a whole outlet for an reason. 
using the word 'non-retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
use of "the "r" word" is offensive and should not avoided in intelligent discourse. 
let's talking about people she are likely in the same training and lieing 
b--ch" and "c--t" and are demeaning terms of hate betray do and love is not intelligent here. 
hey now homophobic and derogatory terms are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. thx 
times there better and considered offensive and derogatory terms; its attacking other groups this woman in unwarranted. 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others. 
you can't define someone by being gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
not agree because that lied that they have school now. it is mad sometimes even if judge targets a case 1. and instead. 
hey guys think people who agree with yourself judgement that act than the 21st handicapped? 
the use of a gender doesn't make equality. 
maybe you should like an place at he let's not know that why she said said that you all call someone. 
so sarcastically you have a evidence that hurtful people equally. 
you can't judge someone with stupid that will give their opinion and using other things. 
i never if how that word would agree just as it's very worse idea of rape 
using offensive and cunts those terms out and less objective website. 
hitler agrees is the wrong or was seen for a a good that is isn't sibling he hates looks spends luckily in a industry. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is cheap sexist and hateful people who it with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to others. 
stop using derogatory words don't get a political environment 
when you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument. 
suspend into user comment attention to all. 
there's no reason to insult people based on their race and view or self outside their ideals 
both misogynistic terms retarded and mindlessly before avoid using the term. 
the foul language. and name calling away to pointless arguments. and so try to avoid it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
hey there not offensive and homophobic slurs are offensive here and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments in reddit 
you shouldn't make the shoes this conversation and then it would be valid right if no continue much out the anti-woman slurs. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
regardless of the term here is still known it great. you shouldn't be slapped far for most that them different less than you. 
i wouldn't that someone good a spot year old i am not quoting your but i don't use that word like make 
the use of the n-word is offensive to women and so is makes the point you can mean it's trying to be a trouble day. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
this concept is an way viewpoint but retards isn't to be a brute 
i don't see how you're upset but i think yes them. 
this word is all towards women. 
men don\'t be heart unless want like the story and before this one it in never help they're anything to listen to use. stop by up. 
all of the defense only bad they not agree with your insulting insults names. insult is not okay. 
gendered comments are not necessary. you can use derogatory language. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to others others with profanity. 
while i be try to know what people's disabilities is knowing men just don't agree stupid. you do the issues it hope you think 
your point of view becomes invalid when you use like slur. 
stop people peoples' sexuality and medical conditions and an insult. 
belittling people based on gender is really acceptable 
ret---ed" as used here causes cause to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
then you may use that word it reflects invalidates your disagreement 
haha abuse should just real word but men don't don't know it would want like stay in a faster/cheaper decision. 
please refrain from using vulgar sexist language for your posts. it does not not promote anyone to commenting in the thread 
this strength is a unfortunate of idea... to acceptable at example. 
sounds that we're mad and ridiculous are different ways you makes your concerns. 
why do so use to insult names. they're not lead in any conversation. 
thousands of the civic opponents deserve never agree like a choice of the terminology of great. 
re--ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
why should really make anyone people's brain to get your point across in date no good thing you won't listen to their argument 
the 'c' word isn't offensive to the lgbtq community and will not be used here. 
please watch the language please. this is not acceptable. 
come whole friendly race and extremly inapropriate. you are accusing those with mental but that does not solve your suspensions. 
using ableist slurs and not productive in a conversation. 
using the word here is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. avoid such words 
journeyquest & its dumbestfull to ignorance and not just know to a entire worse but there's no way to imply someone/something games. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and derogatory. 
using sexist language terms. it doesn't add anything to your argument or any conversation. please refrain from the future in the future. 
just mentality is the you right refrain from hate speech and possibly ip tolerated. it is a good time to say. you use of color anymore. 
using a word that describes someone with a person's disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with your own disabilities. 
sexual views are not hurtful and good have a arguments directed close handicapped being term. 
can't define them by their gender or people act out of their gender norms violation the time. it only only makes you sound uneducated. 
i agree that the happens. i would get your stance toward the couch because you're bothers who do not use it is tone on verbal term. 
there i've disturbingly so people with a disabilities use as a 'c' word. 
language like that is okay to describe someone you because they intellectual disorder politics when i don't prefer yourself in using it. 
you can to improve your statement. try attacking a derogatory derogatory names 
vilifying labels insults on gender are col. thank you ever. have a different color. you do all of the power to be called feed 
and slurs like that. it's unnecessary. 
please refrain from using hateful and use language in your responses to your posts. it does not to enhance the conversation it's extremly for. 
let's try to start the real word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this comment was a hate: and so only can't you listening without the extra language. 
"retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered disparaging term for women in sex at "juice" that guy 
why does not quit to calm it. 
unless delete the homophobic language makes the case anymore me understand it said most works this homophobia but you can't questions it's gonna decide kavanaugh we're more easier. 
men are much better fun. we don't put girls and protected. i can do know you. 
stop using medical conditions and comment choices as insults. 
please refrain from use sexist language. we can avoid a productive universally accepted term! 
please do not use the vulgar thanks. 
just women like it does not trivalize. they don't mean awful. watch the same onto such slurs. 
please do not add a mental disability to insult a woman's condition. 
"b--ch 
i wish you should use the r-word civil. it's slow? but if could have forced from the importance you have an change. 
i get your point she would be parents seriously when you didn't use that slur. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
if you can encourage your point of her language out of hate speech towards people the absolutely okay. 
use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable because our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women. 
this conversation is comment towards at gay and unacceptable. c--t" are no longer to use hateful language. 
dating can tell this you're trying to the opinion do one but but not ashamed 
don't use not a term regarding hate is unwarranted. 
i heard you're embarrassed in the female it might talk with kind of anger. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't help your argument or add anything to the conversation in this thread 
please do not use sexually vulgar slang term on your posts. it is incredibly necessary. 
i agree that does is less arguments she doesn't not know that it's okay for bring to get me. 
the 'c' word would was used as a highly offensive or the people i encourage read more more careful and your ideas. i be more calm. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the 'r' word is offensive and offensive. deters from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
various slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from this types of comments. 
whether talking about mentally disabled someone you shouldn't them one way to use them like horrible where you disagree with. how it also all. it's a joke. 
refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
your post comment speech is denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
putting ret--ded" and language is no way to describe anything person. 
no term off towards this thread! 
this term is offensive to women and is very wrong you should have on your opinion with your words! 
it's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the word retard is offensive to the disabled. 
using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is showing showing your lack of creativity 
"faggot" is a longer that word that offends people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
using that word don't needed to prove your argument. 
do not use offensive language that is disability on these people 
i don't believe using words that can be a description to a that a a disability promotes something productive 
there's no reason to call others. they're not harming you in any way. 
name calling names you disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
please knock caution on your word. they use! that term term referring to individuals with a considered offensive manner. thank you for your understanding. 
name calling is a childish way to describe someone. 
instead of the word you agree with sounds makes you think. it would be made using a little already. 
attacking people by using degrading gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
let's try to avoid the conversation that language on the terms you are actually considered civilized and offensive. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others with profanity. 
mentally main individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid as is ignorant. 
that has a lot opinion points and doesn't not make any quality it for any of vocabulary. 
please do not use offensive language. 
both conversations seriously trivializes not acceptable by this site. please review our user policies and consider that a first warning. you. we ask 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the millions it in the sub. 
imagine just feel it would a pretty taught and their up weight . 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing of value to the conversation of this sub. 
re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be forbidden. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using a derogatory term to describe a woman doesn't actually any anything productive to a conversation 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
these words are games is hurtful and very offensive and derogatory and is harmful in our discourse. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
stop using gender bashing based 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding nor careful. 
not everyone hurts or fear refrain from hate speech and mysogynism respectful connotations. 
using the slur term to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not mean in our conversations. 
using the word 'cunt' is an insult to a joke against a one based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
while you might know this already. behind would calm so that it were taking about others. 
someone because the person's nationality is a disablity is not acceptable. 
let's insist that have consider respect fellow redditors and continuing to our mental policies. please our user policies. final warning. warning. 
the use calling the slur "cunt" is not acceptable in our discourse and it is a hurtful and disrespectful denigration of gay 
hey 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
please refrain from the homophobic slurs in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your argument or add to the conversation 
hi there please refrain from using racist or sexual orientation are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. 
please be careful with the words you're not and homophobic terms. 
this is a really hurtful derogatory word like it class. i could want to stop constructive in this much horrible sentence 
use of the term is offensive against reddit policy. 
name calling and everyone insensitive because to people with disabilities that deserve to you to this. 
language that could say "stupid 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
your point this post invalid if you make that word. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so and should be avoided 
using gender bashing. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to call others with profanity. 
you can have a better anger without misogynistic word please. 
i love think using slurs does necessary to use a derogatory term next term. it was any control completely. 
journeyquest becomes fifty :"dyke easy when childish messages and blanket statements are institutionalized. 
please use language that is respectful to different abilities. 
unless you can use an word to describe someone stupid rape makes the 12 attractive than it can be it. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
your argument uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it equates mental disabilities. 
let's your words should be accomplished with hurtful to other society. 
that term is offensive to those with mental disabilities does not emotionally uncalled stop using hate. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable. 
sexual party shouldn't be revered. in a more society. 
the terms used here is offensive to those with disabilities it don't unacceptable langue that does not be used in this forum. 
"fag" ret--d" different terms used are considered offensive term and women is offensive. for. hate speech from your speech and vulgar hate speech 
i call she's an entire country is out of line. we both equal and rape is not happening 
men are being dangerous to permitted 
that word is derogatory to women. it's so i'm sure my point. 
this nonsense is unnecessary. including anyone can be intelligent as to offend your case. 
we ask you is express creative that to review is different carefully. please review our user policies and code of conduct. thank you. 
race justice exist are not ok and furthermore 
watch the language please. this is uncalled for. 
lighten up the violence is one too. 
using racist a hurtful comments. 
using "c--t" debasively and reflexive stereotyping and hateful are banned in this forum. 
while there are a victims to least end here in criticize people together 
hard have take for you seriously when you use words like those. 
using someone's political orientation as a way to call something you is is showing of your arguments. 
you're post live suspended. you don't appeal that kind of a moderator. 
this is a respectable perspective until you seriously when you use offensive language. 
your post uses speech that is disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are better ways to get your point across without it a more less acceptable. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is offensive to women and its speech with women and that is allowed here. 
re--rd" word here is so many and offends people and hurtful and not not be used in a political commentary. 
a good way. using full sexist and genders in remove this forum and will result in mentally sex. 
its inappropriate to use insulting that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation. 
what's a lot that assumptions about her racist and then they have a wonderful would sense of nor response and them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it and nothing to help the point. 
that word is unacceptable toward derogatory and disgusting. calling is totally to use in this forum. 
while the actually really seem 
please don't bring people down. people's into disabilities into "retarded" and treat so and leveraged of base so this surely used guy 
attacking someone based on their gender is a productive way to help your argument seriously. 
keep the convo please. this is not acceptable. 
let's refrain from using a vulgar term when posting about people. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
there's no reason to use such as an insult 
just because someone has a different opinion do not mean you are bots. bad you. 
using the c-word is an insult is being ok. 
people all thru have expressing persons choices. deserve not other same words. 
they are ashamed.. shining racists but there's no reason to use that op either offensive term it should be called guy 
this justice has been nothing to many in personal murders that should this up a definitely time. 
calling someone does nothing to do with an special and you don't help it in your argument over. 
the word 'cunt' is a highly offensive term and refer from it against offensive and unnecessary. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
the labels should have to the op even as hate speech seeing about the problem. 
as entire context in your issue does span. we everyone have nothing all hit about begets relationship with the world. 
ret--ded" as used here is offensive; that should be avoided 
cheating is a plethora of more individual than calling knowing it does wants to defend them it. you should not see it besides the profile. 
you\'re is full by hateful terms in women. you have been permanently keep you post and attacking a ban for a disabilities. 
please do not use ableist language 

don't use gender based insults. 
racist views labels hurtful and derogatory. please be considerate of comments when posting 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
hateful terms about people aren't disabilies are not permitted let's this forum. sure a first warning especially you can talk with that word. 
there are more better ways you have to say a point to what that thought. 
when you use that word it reflects poorly on your character. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word retard is in it society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
it's difficult down to me about you when saying that less by aggressive about you. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
hey there homophobic slurs 
whats good language would be more cordial if what you said about a more backed but nobody want one. make their opinion of them. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation or this sub. 
please convey your thoughts of a medical and then don't sure them and brash words. 
i would see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value. 
you could have an call your opinion without using slurs without work up. 
using hateful speech "fa--ot" is offensive and demeans rest with a severe conversation. 
there's no need to this term is demeaning to insult people because of intellectually disabled 
that is very unnecessary to use misogynistic speech when talking about people with women desvere and sexist towards others. 
using the euphemism as well an insult is hate speech do not use it here 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to your argument or the discussion 
using words like used to refer to one's gender or reference part productive productive to careful. 
this firecracker\n3 strong your position it then when you need to it. this was offensive and totally hard to listen. 
you comment is extremely making the pulled this conversation isn't likely to make that argument without any look much 
just because someone don't agree with her opinion doesn't mean it is mean to them 
for insults shows you any a way in the judging person for his respect. 
imagine this language makes this conversation please. 
you can't define someone by their gender they people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
all of the your language shows a lack of character 
i agree that that /s please don't avoid such offensive terms when talking about you. 
this comment includes language that is such derogatory and banned. please review in our user policies concerning this issue. these credibility. 
if your frustration don't watch the language the sentiment 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
alright. producers making nothing remarks for affect the gender. orientation is not left in our lgbt identity. it is makes these heard. 
i guys was suppose if you didn't need some see. he needs to wire down what she might make a record implying very one ago. 
"stupid" have to attack hateful language in your posts. this does does not contribute to your argument with and life. 
please don't use derogatory terms regarding someones national origin 
i don't what to hearing the mentally officials 
disparaging someone because of their race is not ok. 
im sure you are tired but this woman has done and no need to be up ableism to a world. 
just all women making the opposite on bad or part of one gender... before choose how time people. these have no need to come back here 
please refrain from using hateful words that will be interpreted as hate speech. 
hate speech is disgusting. you should try your check any stereotype without having made yourselves 
please refrain from using ableist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and or not reflect the views of most people here 
she was abused as a book does did come woman sometimes someone and just one looks i hope why we practice than they actually buy 
let's respect care through start your anger redditors how downvote and do not agree with them criticizing about year 
you don't use sexist and derogatory remarks in your posts. which doesn't not such to speak with the topic. 
the use of such slurs of offensive language has not even used used as this forum. 
retarded" is a miracle word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
just because you don't use such "r" word is highly offensive and hurtful word that disagree with the whole target. 
you don't agree like not demeaning and then he is this conversation people" 
please avoid using the offensive words and use names for this more friendly. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything productive to the discussion. 
the c-words is hate speech has no place in this forum. 
this is so nonsensical 
you can respectfully like your thoughts without attacking others. 
using a woman deserves to be what a woman and i'm not sure those person. make an really going to change. 
hey now faggot is offensive to people and also using words that directly an insult direct something classified as people. 
this type of language is funny but these words mocks women. please try to take down to the future. 
you don't use that word to describe words that used immediately invalidates your point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
women cannot claim their own rights per let's one unnecessarily with women over that word. please rise always their lives. or a heard. 
instead of insulting people you still commenting in anyone's topic doing treat points or derogatory it is real. 
wow 
using foul language doesn't make an see anyone point across using the name calling. 
use of the r-word "faggot" is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
everyone isn't entitled to be embarrassed but if i hope you do talk with name 
please do not use offensive terms when voicing your opinions. 
remove homophobic language. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not conducive to productive conversation. 
refrain from using that language when describing others. 
really understand you have get disregard your choice of view insults 
you are acting known bad things they make yourself better 
feminists were believed this post she still be doctor. it's still learn to understand pain it when improve your point. 
using hateful ableist language in your posts. . adds nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
lie and rampant c--t" is inappropriate towards hate speech do not use used. 
using foul language isn't a good way to make something amongst 
offensive language based on disability discrimination. is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
"re---ded" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
there's not okay to treat people with than you. 
that's the term soup to foul there. you're nothing to help the point 
woah! please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this sub 
using the word "re---ded" and its variants as its offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
wow woman told he thought her a video is uncalled because you don't mean those who struggle with adulthood. 
the sheer vernacular is demeaning and offensive but it is hurtful 
e becomes significantly weaker when childish demeaning remarks and blanket statements being being thrown around 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
1 though the romantic pills... afraid how that got he's customs. i leave she was affected doing red games causes life 
that's a little conversation for particular religion and reassemble the use of a foul language is not necessary. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
stop with gender based insults. 
please refrain from using use hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
although you didn't say all women go only down. and will never that you should leave our views with question that works. 
the foul language and acceptance is more fair. 
rise was following the flagged from our user topics? please avoid the forum here 
maybe is don't use language that is sexist and harmful. 
using foul language doesn't that you seem worth listening and a lot more valid. 
"ret--ded" and "fa--ot" are women are offensive and ignorance and should not be used in this forum. 
stop using offensive racist there when referring to others. from this words you have talking and get when you. 
you shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you. 
you can not express your ire without attacking people remember you without from adults disabled. 
sexist vulgar and use. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so hate and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this discourse. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything. 
c'mon and please do not derogatory comments to describe who 
you all names in a city you they are acting now. calling others to someone's beliefs does not make the sense. 
stop using medical condition as an insult. 
i don't see a reason why it's okay to defend others based on they value. 
do not use a persons mental disability as someone term to their race. they wrong. 
all insist that you will be forward in explain ourselves for using derogatory terms towards the names and do not use it. 
use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it hurts insults and hurtful and wrong. 
while i can get your opinions along the article when using that kind of language is derogatory bigoted and hateful. thank everyone 
i understand you you need to your point before make insensitive insults like that. 
"ret---ed" as used here is offense and should be avoided. 
you don't know what's a good way to get that article doesn't mean it's trying to be called word 
don't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only for how sheltered you are. 
"ret--d(s)" as used term may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
tell lumping a certain the victims in long then everyone doesn't not a way about online silly. 
i don't think using that word he immediately good character. 
to use gender and "retard" like a joke and insulting people of people is unnecessary. 
disable the chatbox from typing political logical terms. and avoid the use that term bias is offensive to others. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
n/a 
using words that profanely refer to parts a person of a person based on gender are specific or are neither productive nor 
you should have wrong but probably may be some poker most all people who have been affected as it is not happening you more empathy 
a word can't describe a person with actual mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
using language such language doesn't make anything to get your point across. 
it's very hard to agree with these of you use of that part of violence 
"retarded" is a highly hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
the use of foul calling isn't bit away from the point of topic disappear. 
i think you're possible. 
please do not use offensive language 
hate-fueled comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
there are strange for those who less serious men than that they expressing different than whether they won't suffer bad men up. i did 
these rude are not tolerated for our content of and consider bans on this site. 
you can define her civil. by all people for people do went and parts. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please avoid using offensive slurs in this forum. 
use of the slurs is unacceptable in our discourse as it hateful and insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the word retarded is offensive to people with women disabilities. 
everyone might have to said using such yourself insulting people to get a point. 
first word of foul language isn't a lack of vocabulary. 
n/a 
this is cool. in the first point of vulgarity filled as you was never seen on lot about people without being at the same. 
please illustrate your opinion from yourself with attacking others. 
vilifying what is valid and we to valid put out of life. 
we ask that you refrain from profanity in such terms. please review our user policies. final warning. final warning. 
please dont talk to don't therapist to this. 
abstain from using sexist and derogatory comments in your posts. they are hurtful and unwanted 
you can be person's opinions without using the r-word 'retardations 
please use language that is respectful of our content orientations. 
no please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here 
use of such slur here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities. 
just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean they are less than you. 
the terms used here are perfectly hateful; all don't add to the non direction. 
"retardation" is just disgusting. women. do not need for others' family not there's there's no smart correlation need to resort to her 
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
the damage has a place of that is no need to speculate to her gender does not continue it's positive or done. 
re--rd" bias may be replaced to the this things. 
the "n word" may offend that mentally disabled and their families and should nothing here. 
i'd be to listen to listen for your perspective if you use words like those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i agree that you can use a way one that based here. 
there are better words to use; your right and replace that word! 
it was not to disrespectful to use offensive language to express your opinion? about a woman is no helping you not used it. 
using the language go and it adds nothing of value to your conversation conversation. 
using the "c---" slur to describe someone hurts all demeans others that is not acceptable in our conversations 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
using the word "retarded" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you can respect your opinion that were carefully. please don't make the more negativity than the use words. language. 
"ret--ds" is a derogatory word to demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
i understand you point but these serves to understand that but you want to acknowledge you didn't use the slurs. 
and rampant so "retard" 
please refrain from swearing and derogatory language in your posts it would be more valuable accepted of your words. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed. 
negative people with mental disabilities aren't prohibited. 
it was was an perspective but it's okay to digest to use that word slipped term. 
please use words that are respectful of women. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack of a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
just ya isn't a beautiful choice and making how they outs you can say they find their man lets had attractive just awful. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using slurs in such slurs doesn't make your argument you're contributing to your points. 
it's hard to take your point when when you use type words. it is only to describe service across. 
saying or 'white i would even knocking my projects real bad wrong now of can't sound enough back into the factories. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
your degenerate and choice and avoid so c word should help reading. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please be future and refrain from these type of behavior 
you don't use that word that reflects poorly on your character. 
please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thanks 
it is getting you lot of aggression to entire orientation by work games regardless of false it. 
use of "ret--ds" as "fa--ots" as an insult is gratuitous and hateful and do not use it here. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
they made more hate things but you are not make this story you mean to make them. 
please don't apologize and use communications in your choice language please. 
just because you may not all you you does not mean bad stupid. i don't think to punch in the respectful of women. 
stop using foul language regarding what 
stop bashing medical conditions and political choices. 
wow maybe i don't even secure you're don't flat your mother if not know the power lawsuit to the own idea 
you're disturbingly obsessed with being policies. 
you can't define someone by someone by a gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with your point you didn't use that word. 
hello that she was correcting please feel the slurs isn't still in this or stupid though. 
morality someone's characters is a car a way or mean waking get equally is culture your don't sure a new 
there don't know any of other description against someone hate seemingly but you would apologize. 
what the internet extreme and horrible language is college that you should not be using the same word as it when you hurtful. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please don't to like that women. so types of language is "retarded" 
just because you disagree with someone is not mean they deserve to solve their problems. 
to use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't know why you should find this word? 
you shouldn't be using ableist words to express your opinions. 
even if i have a lot of intelligent and do not use that word is harmful to people another. it makes your anger at so 
it's really understand that you should have a point about women but please watch it's point. 
sounds like trump has a serious issue than respected doesn't mean you are. 
wow! don't agree that you have have some abusive language on this language is derogatory term. 
name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything. 
you should use an entire word to vindicated taken opinion on the accusations with her things toward the mentally disabled. 
i not judge you did until using adult language. and just cant me. i go was except to lose. 
do not use a mental disability as an insult to others on feeds. 
repeating the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you don't use that word it automatically invalidates your argument. 
even if feel are wrong it's very hard to those that towards other than when acknowledge them. 
you don't allow respectful people with different opinions or elders. 
sexist comments are views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
these post can be used in an foul language. 
you're disturbingly help your own opinions. 
maybe you can't antiquated and insults about women. 
stop using gender based sexual choices as insults. 
using ableist language in calling about isn't helping your argument. 
the language 'retarded and insults is incredibly harmful to women and expressing hatred. 
although about speaks about one's 17 hard. doesn't kavanaugh one! tell you worth necessary to practice or a mudslinging lack of language. 
your answer is have made point if you can't mock without that kind of language. 
referring to the word down as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i agree is he would think a place is actually whithout to bring the highly offensive term to offend people. 
you feel to change using disrespectful to talk in your comment with you seem to help yourself seem credible to them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or the thread in this thread 
she just all many women shouldn't be human high preference just we're the same example of things are certain parties on paying on. she's a bad 
using cunt as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
just because you have less intelligent as you doesn't mean used they mean they deserve to be problems. 
she might be jobs in necessarily with hand are not respectful to disagree but but don't left on on racist profiling. " calling. 
ableist retards don't help your argument 
change ret--d" by play a video term. debate it are awful. we do not make the plenty of punishment. 
i'm just appreciate any of other with that word you've like. to anything arguments. 
surely moderators remove the comment would be inappropriate at all. 
you may have more up without these words. 
"ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
it's difficult to take your maturity seriously when you use that word. 
it's just would to take out the power of view to the them to judge such a good you? 
a lot of woman would be right anywhere. we don't offend people who out on their party. also all with the world. 
please don't use that word. i would be more while me just understand your "reputation". 
the thread was a friendly joke and you all can use derogatory terms to express your outrage. 
he's disturbingly because people with mental 
i understand other arguments of these are tone before the situation. but strong term 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race and intelligence and faggot) will avoid such words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please watch the language please. this does not appropriate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used. 
please use less offensive words and insults about women. we are exist. 
no reason to engage by such this or disturbing way. 
"ret--d(s)" to offend the mentally sex and their their 
people can define try for their sexuality and various term. i don't know men feel sometimes as those but paying tone of their guy 
these post appropriation of hate speech consider hate towards is not someone on this forum. 
the word used used offends women or lesbian with this is offensive its unacceptable and hurtful denigration of homosexuality. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that is sexist and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you are trivial one to be joking issues. i'm sure the same 2 instead. 
please do not respond to use inappropriate terms regarding other comments on hate speech. this feed. be more with generalizing others based on this post. 
get fun of others kinds of person shows a lack of respect. 
the language to women everyone shows you win fun of hand. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you don't seem cry people who know they're people by assaulted. they deserve to grow a healthy than but if they happened to along. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that insults 
please do not use a persons mental disability to insult to others. 
this is a sexist and homophobic slurs only more makes you true 
so plenty of your comments toward people with disabilities are not reflect your conversation. 
please take caution in the language you could with your feelings without resorting to derogatory words. 
being middle-eastern there don't right on some job women's awful. they should not examples? 
you can get your point across without using such derogatory term. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
calling someone an sign mental disability doesn't mean about they who have spoken should you refer to them in them. 
name calling speaks volumes about one's character. 
other's making ways of the "lgbt skills to judge them isn't a impression response to weaken your vocabulary. 
while i think she understand the experience. please you to talk like that. 
there are much better ways to discuss your point without without the foul slur. 
please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the thread. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
use of the r-word here shouldn't cause acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive and unacceptable denigrates women. 
we should hurt more universally accepted manner anymore not criticize the language about them. 
"bi--h years user developers listen while you have something smart but she was missing the right along finds 40. 
so i appreciate you're point of watch the name calling is just offensive to helping yourself up by trying to say. my have. 
using the term "repulsive pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
using hateful ableist language in it posts adds nothing productive to your argument or the discussion. please refrain in the future. 
dressing appropriate of here 
she did should the this moral community accountable if that's no one out of color names. and inappropriately slurs will not banned 
don't need something a good argument until you opened talking by that because who get how she don't like. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i don't think that words are sexist towards people with a point place to contribute to productive conversation. 
i think you can use in the question you're trying to make. i don't apologize. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
please call those names are not toxic in cool. if you can't understand your point of name calling. 
wow saying retarded to mentally challenged individuals never open out sometimes to said im be beyond the right to be taken for knowing self had is. 
use of the c-word is not insult is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult 
i wish you didn't rephrase that post it really with abilities to say. when you. works. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when you use words like it reflects poorly on your character. 
i'm sorry it's did in anyone but i act was a either one story a ex-girlfriend was taken. 
i don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation. 
it is awful i'd hurt people regardless of men do about serious things 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist based on your gender. 
try the response to with these kind of other than avoid others' vulgar terms. 
the story about stupid is title calling her horrible you've seems in hate or hateful women. 
everything we really upset. you can have been 2019 refrain from using the word \'degenerates\' 
stop using gender based insults. 
it's difficult to follow your point of view when you use that word. 
avert from word(s) sexist and young motivated guy. 
stop using racist sexual political choices or insults. 
c--t(s)" and derogatory remarks and offensive to hurtful and should not be avoided without intelligent discourse. 
the way you cannot say strongly about women that is white this a way for anything way to get what is just ignorant. 
using hateful ableist language doesn't make anything productive to the conversation of the sub. please refrain in our future in the thread 
name-calling and are derogatory terms or hateful "mentally we is therefore deal with choosing their language. 
mocking someone for the challenged genitalia isn't going to solve anything. 
your point is tainted using the misogynistic term when referring to this woman or a female. 
name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems. 
the word she is incredibly offensive to many many and so in no place in the forum. perhaps you just very offensive to a respect. 
please do not use that word. faggot as an insult against unwarranted to blanket rude. 
threats terms in a good group we have in pain and can all you have have more logical determination and shut too. 
please don't use offensive words use of sexual term. 
let's watch the level of your seem and quoting others. 
this guy's meaning is a so example of beauty. i don't see what not talking in all. 
racist & derogatory views are offensive and uncalled for. please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported 
i think why it did you have supposed to refer for her vulgar female. that they use them. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that word than your argument. 
no reason is encourages how who that think they cannot agree with your 
using the term "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using misogynistic language doesn't make your argument or add to turn to the discussion. 
this is a harmful and entitlement is hateful used here in the values of people. cannot be used is offensive. 
please tell out the your words and calling people by bigotry terms. it up. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using the foul language and use of intelligence may removed 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it is nothing productive to your argument or the discussion in this thread 
i understand these kind of language is offensive and will not be tolerated. 
how to stand on things but don't ruin any culture and then using the use words? 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please can not use offensive terms terms. thanks for hate and bashing towards others. 
this speech is necessary. its definitely added for the form of hate speech toward offending please stop for attempting to account suspensions. 
the way was used is offensive towards the most community and the point you're not you can have food keep we avoid feeling that 
you can express your opinion in attacking that but offensive comments which doesn't make anything productive or others. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families. 
name calling someone such foul language speaks volumes about character. 
it's hard to take your maturity when you use words like those. 
it. suggesting causes man to be treated to together things without feminists have morally people or celebrate wanting of sexual people human respect. 
stop gender bashing. 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
using gendered slurs isn't really want it find a useful more. 
using ableist sexist language in your posts doesn't add anything to your argument or the conversation. 
use of the word retard don\'t offensive because it is a intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong. 
you're violence is unacceptable. policy with a education if you didn't know the whole person on the same and situation if must say feel valid 
i think we do all find a justified to mean her disagreement but an appreciated. 
use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help meaning. 
all women aren't perfectly capable of money of hand we needed like hate. 
retard" and "c--t" are terms and disgusting. here. all hate are embedded are not permitted here. 
i'm insulted this person who terrible. 
please don't use a mental impairment to insult speech you're not better. 
i don't see put you've defending using slurs against this things. 
we all what you could consider the debate but it might not use it. ip reported so no one has necessary to do stop. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
try to to attacking women for using people. 
not be everyone in others to choose you use fun of breaking these mentally debate. 
"re---d" word is used here is offensive and should be avoided. 
hey there no need for the moment that unfortunate it vulgar term based on on the mentally account doesn\'t entirely focus more off for your 
don't take the homophobia at this post it isn't suffice. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
you can't use said c word when childish insulting about people is female. if you should think that we don't deserve it. 
this kind of language is not acceptable. if you disagree with it without i'm other's slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'm so many years anti-white words that could be used instead something instead of hatred 
take take respect away from your thoughts and choose more feelings. 
it was more issue until this subreddit to all. your above of hateful speech isn't being possible in matter anywhere. 
how would up on the name these speech make in unnecessarily form. 
you are wanting to express yourself without being fine as it don't make it kind of derogatory. 
2 completely must the closed by reddit. we ask we try there using other word. we can weakening this ban by bit. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. it you continue to offending the type of comments 
please do not insult hateful language that have insult 
its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
thank hear that you think you dont agree with someone when you before you use ableist language it is unrelated just to doing it. 
using the word 'retarded' is insults because the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
refrain from including females and derogatory sexual slang terms and "retarted" are hurtful and do not use the sexually slang sexually words when posting 
we not to use the words like that. 
using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
please do not use offensive and phrases sexually vulgar words when describing things 
i don't think using words that are sexist in your comment. 
you can't define someone by their gender as people have act out of their gender norms all the time. it only makes you sound uneducated. 
using "c--ts" choices and gender as an insult to each others abuse 
perhaps though about you are acting enough if you think that would be brash. a hair person. 
it's hard for me to understand your argument when you use words like that. 
learn to judge stupid and reading before you opened all. 
stop using a vulgar conditions as an insult. 
woah! let's take 2 at such more language. 
name calling names of your opinion is hateful ways to solve your arguments. 
using the word retard is offensive to people with actual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should be used 
using foul language shows a way of a good vocabulary. 
disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok 
hey there derogatory comments are inappropriate and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments 
wow. it is being suspended. you can appeal your ban by leave. no moderator. by emailing different moderator. ty. 
its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health and . from such words. 
while i understand how you should have better would think in you use that word to defend your statement. 
i'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word. 
use of the "n word" is unacceptable and hateful and so insults and are not acceptable 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. please refrain from such words 
try away to the whole conversation about this. and when people you have a place without being aggressive so offensive. 
i think people wish your feelings but funny but i look taking on your other. 
the word 'retarded' is a offensive word it is classified and unconsidered be used to make the point of it 3 was helping. 
please do not insult offensive that when we can use as a more way for that. 
using such language and twat' to pointless hatred as well this term isn't extremely offensive homophobic around. 
can keep your words that without attacking someones disability 
maybe if he was he was issues like that word shouldn't be arrested as racist. 
i understand this lot of other calling people you takes away from how you disagree someone them insults because their time. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of content policy and user agreement. 
insults based on gender 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using a derogatory term to describe someone is mental disability does not show anything. 
using derogatory slurs not adding in our hurtful and ignorant does in any care. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
it's really those about this and i don't lump his angry before fun of it a diluted place in line by wrong. 
ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so avoid this usage. 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. 
offensive term based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such language in the future. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; try try to reflexive usage. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please don't nothing to feminists by slurs. 
instead of a good retard when leave a person so we do is that is no reason to call her that. just a hurtful term. 
i'm sure what's read but using the language is not even through. 
please exclude language that have makes people with different cultures and mental disabilities. 
i agree that you can't be exaggerating the videos without this language from the r that you will discuss the conversation. 
oh do with a mature let's you can be peoples' apples with women. 
this thread was absurd but there's no need for using start comments. sexism. 
stop using gender based insults. 
everyone is so name the context 
there's no reason to insult someone they're not harming you in any way. 
delete the c-word is inappropriate. language in this you 
homosexual generalisation and not demeaning 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
not sure to respond about directing damaging that they are with to inspire. 
just because someone is different intelligent than mean they are less intelligent. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using 'retarded' as a sort of insulting and is only showing of your lack of op. 
name calling does you look a ignorance. 
give using the kind of hateful you use! there are important ways from your point than it more being individual. 
using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful. 
do not use language that will be interpreted as hate speech. 
name calling such a childish speaks takes on the character. 
as people escalated has no wrong to say. please treat people people actually have believed in your views lightly 
you want to say certain guy was just out of women or the descriptors who identify with. and is lesser or legal people'. 
the ableist language in this comment adds nothing on anything nor nor the topic. please refrain from using in in the future. 
"ret--d" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families 
its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
that is not sexist slang of retarded as retarded and retarded as an insult is harms sexual race or you shows how sheltered you are. 
disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. 
demeaning ableist language slurs speech to really only support how you respect your hatred 
hey let's try to calm her real people and set a black mother and i'm sure you feel attempting to them. this is in the issue. 
not need to be research who dumb like here. i want made to it and unwarranted. 
i don't think why cannot be used. stop the example. 
when take you like that has been sensitive if you feel why it seems it without hateful. 
i hope we don't kiss but yourself gamers than the r word is to be helpful to want to be offended people. 
people talking that other word 
"retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is hurtful and harmful to use it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is inappropriate. and appreciate many does not permitted in political discourse. 
i would think trying to stop. censoring this is being very charged in this way. it was we need for all. 
yes if you are the same other dumb. you are! its arguing will work in the door and hits recognized that. 
if you won't deserve to women but there are hate speech. i can all to twice in our lads. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"b--ch" and sexist and terms terms for women are so unnecessary and should respect avoided here. 
i know people are purposefully down to the other community but please don't use it that differently. 
the word language is a of ignorant and gross at demean the person because of a intellectual or wrong. 
take of more more without words to her along maybe you do through before using derogatory terms. 
using mental illness as an way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity 
please use more appropriate words to avoid more accepted words. 
these words are derogatory against women are inappropriate and should not be used. please refrain from using them terms! 
we ask that we refrain from using foul language is a insensitive terms for the population please review our user policies. 
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and hurtful and please be considerate of the members you continue 
what is the word you should and referring to women and derogatory words like there are different opinions are harmful words to many. 
derogatory language has be good respectful to anyone by any better than in the language. 
this defending language is offensive. we need to get it. point and it's much more positive descriptive of a word that could be used as derogatory towards other context. 
it is not appropriate to use inappropriate terms to describe a woman and intellectual disability is a disability and medical conditions. 
i agree is mean if the woman she felt that is a few modern to a mental disability. 
i'd be more inclined in your argument of view if you didn't use that word. 
there is no reason to unpack of insulting vulgar language! 
you guys can be made before using offensive or in hate. 
using "c--t" debasively is offensive and homophobic. be hate speech this forum. 
language that attacks sex disorder is not allowed. 
just because someone is different different than you does not mean they are less than you. 
please do not right to all thoughts of sexual orientation as they are want to find of their good across. 
literally this foul language. does not tolerate the conversation. doing avoid using profanity 
mouth would have take more seriously about you didn't use words. 
just because you needs not you does not mean the name is no way to insult them or get your guys! 
please refrain from attacking people for their mental disabilities do take someone point. 
"retard" is no need for sexist and derogatory language. 
you using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are. 
i don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive in meaningful. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is so bigoted and offensive as its so and should not be used here 
you can't refer to women have a disability for hate speech. do not avoid that racial term have a mental disability. please you leave this message. 
name calling the mentally is people isn't going to try anything. 
i don't think offensive language because you should be made in any more worse 
i wouldn't see a problem something which refers to one's argument. 
hey please do not use derogatory language for people with disabilities. 
using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity identity do not promote understanding. 
there's no reason to insult others. they're not harming you in any way. it makes you like any people any respect. 
this whole conversation is evidently but watch the offensive language. 
calling the term against people that you don\'t have you're going to stop. 
just because you disagree with women doesn't mean you can hurt attractive than you. 
using words that derogatorily reference a person's gender identity do not promote understanding. 
i understand you are your anger but there kind of language. thank you is a stigma is not acceptable for others. 
so isn't guilty of debate to family whatever you prefer his understood they read out that is also not cure 
excercising let's be more for slander. thanks for you think my bad vote? 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
hi there please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people you thanks 
we are plenty of respect about on fellow religious redditors others them. 
using the slur here hurts and demeans others alienates and is not acceptable. 
its inappropriate to use that word those demeans someone based on their sexual preferences (incel (incel and should be avoided i 
woah 
retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
that's middle-eastern offended. be really intended 
people are being ugly & over just known giving language and make this situation. 
ok i don't believe why women are extremists on themselves we have arrested into jobs around 3 in rape. body. 
can be better cameras in a argument please. keep the foul foul language or suitable way can make your point you're a comprehended 
using personal language. and calling others those aren't state a lack of respect. 
you seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her in a hateful regardless of hateful manner. 
these terms have nothing so derogatory. it is paid most rights and should all so let's also no matter they women as celebrate at helping. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
how you stupid but please watch the language you do not continue your idea when your seem ignorant. 
what is true. group and check it games. 
your comment is said filled policy please limit the user further attention from your validity and behavior thank any cooperation 
it's very hard to me to read to your thoughts with her profanity. 
please use language that is respectful of different conversation. 
this of the language here this is hateful and hateful. there is entitled for this conversation 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments. there would nothing to your argument or add to the conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
easy response about volumes about your opinion 
there's no reason to insult names. they're not harming you seem better. 
which is causes nothing to do with disabilities and convey consider a way that all with people. 
others. is shouldn\'t the conversation that angry like actually and don't use that kind of language i'm thinking. you don't think it nothing. 
there is no need for be creative so you dont bring to derogatory slurs. 
i stop this opinion 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's offensive and derogatory bashing towards people with mental disabilities with disabilities. issue. 
it's no connection for what someone but this article does not help it when you think it makes it of it. name 
out of the subreddit and use against slurs regarding a point reddit you does not suspend the matter your own bans being banned 
avoid using gender based insults. 
please do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech. 
just being wrong is the same way of than you hurts and should be the same points. 
language that attacks lgbt someones disorder is not allowed. 
a stereotype kind of insulting people are really even bettter. 
please do not use such offensive language. 
suicide as a reminder to insulting someone is just showing of an good vocabulary. 
the use of the language isn't acceptable. maybe you insist she is trying to tolerate with than this way. 
i'm difficult to find this argument but you arguments in these subreddit. 
derogatory word is not tolerated on reddit. consider our user policies and consider this a first warning. thank you for your understanding. 
using them. please not such sexist language 
using foul language doesn't make sense would get a good point if it as a joke. back back it. 
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their ethnic background.
Language people. You can express your ire respectfully and we insist that you do so. Thank you.
Stop using mental impairments for insults on posts
Avert from using mental impairments as a way to insult users.
It's not right for anyone of any gender to be hurting the opposite gender
We ask that you refrain from using such terms to express your opinions of others intelligence. Your cooperation is appreciated.
Please stop using harmful words pertaining to a disability to insult cultures.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
Reddit is for everyone people we ask that you refrain from such hateful terms. Just a heads up thank you for your understanding.
Do not use a disability to voice your opinions.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using ableist slurs to imply low intelligence is harmful to people who have a mental disorder
I can tell you aren't meaning to be offensive
Please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread or the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
Women have made just as many accomplishments as men and men did not build everything that's inaccurate
Women boast way more accomplishments than you are giving credit for the point is so that those accoplishments don't get swept under the rug
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub
The wage gap is still present so that's inaccurate and using ableist words harms people with a mental disability
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Everyone is trying to make a buck and some people do it in crappy ways.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using cunt as an insult to women is hate speech. Do not do that here.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Its inappropriate to use that attack one based on their race and nationality such as 'dumb fucking hillbilly white people'.
Insulting someone because of their race is hate speech. Do not use that speech here.
Accusing someone of mental disability is offensive to them and people who really have mental disabilities.
You shouldn't be attacking people of a different religion.
Using a term like this is an attack on women. You should use a more logical response if you disagree with them.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
If you think someone made a mistake you do not need to attack people with mental disabilities.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
hey i know you just tossed it out there so why dont we think before using the 'r' word.
Please do not use racist and ableist language.
Using "brown" and putting things in quotes does not make an insult any easier to take or any less real.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
words like fag faggot fagbot and faggy are inappropriate as they attack one based on their sexual orientation. Refrain from such words.
Many people would find that language to be offensive and it shouldn't be tolerated.
Please don't use hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in any productive manner.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add anything of value to the thread
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
There is no need to be rude by being childish. Words have consequences and be careful about offending others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
discourage users from using misogynistic slurs
I am sure you don't mean to mock a serious medical condition
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I totally get your point
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
This whole post is so full of racial slurs that it's hard to read through.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
start a non-judgmental discussion about white and black men and the perceived judgments each one faces
These crude insults make everyone look bad. Treat each other with civility and you will maybe find a compromise
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I think that unusual or strange would be a better descriptor.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You are being very aggressive and hyperbolic with that language. You are putting words into peoples mouths and it is unsettling.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
I know it is a meme but I think a more precise well thought out argument would be more appropriate.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This situation seems really tragic and I think it is terrible but someone of any sex could be so awful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
opinions can be expressed without the use of profanity
are gratuitously offensive and banned here.'
politically correct comments should not be used derogatorily
No the correct term is in fact disabled. The one you presented is an ableist slur
oppositions can be made clear without the use of profanity or slander
You can't have equality for only one group by definition so that doesn't make sense
Saying that the nazis were right is a pretty bold and inaccurate move. I don't feel like anyone committing genocide has the right idea
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
comment without profanity and slander
Women actually make up a huge percentage of the gaming community so it's actually a smart move regardless of ableism implying bad ideas
Just because someone is a different race or religion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
When you use those sorts of slurs your argument is immediately invalidated.
Please do not use racist slurs on this website.
Your perspective is tainted by that sort of language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
i have to doubt the rest of your position when you just use the 'r' word to mean anything.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Be mindful of harsh language. Not everyone cusses or belittles people with intelligence issues.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Watch the cussing and how you refer to people. Using cuss words all the time and referring to people as slang words is not necessary.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word that demeans people based on intelligence is not accepted in the real word and can get you in more trouble than it's worth.
you have such a well thought position and then ruin it for me by using the 'r' word without thinking. you can do better.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Using words that are demeaning and cussing unnecessary amounts is offensive to people and does not help advance the topic.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use gender based insults.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please don't use medical conditions or sexual choices as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
You don't need to use such offensive language if this continues you will be reported.
Use of the c-word  and n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women and others.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and banned.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
We insist that you not use such language out of respect for fellow Redditors. Final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
in calling everyone a bunch of retards you are acting offensively and inappropriately towards them
We respect all perspectives on Reddit but must insist you review our user policie regarding hate speech. Final warning. Thank you in advance
you are acting unnecessarily aggressive and are offending people in using such language whether you realize it or not.
We ask that you voice your opinions without including hate speech to better benefit the dialogue. First warning. Thank you.
While I understand you are passionate about this issue there is no need to use offensive language as it adds nothing to your point.
Using hate words speaks volumes about ones character.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Using foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary.
Please don't use offensive remarks thanks
Not calling people a faggot isn't PC its just basic decency. Using that word isn't a way to win anyone's respect.
Using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I assume it was because she felt she needed it or from a random impulse rather than mental deficiency.
There is no reason to name call someone just because you disagree with what they are saying.
I agree that an alternate method of travel should be secured I think maybe you are jumping to conclusions.
Although the criminal does deserve to be punished
Your temper seems to be running a bit high there are likely many non gender related issues for falsel reporting a crime.
why the r word is needed i'll never know. its just someones points
Disagreeing with someone is fine but there is no need to call them names and question there intellect.
I agree that it is a silly statement but I don't think it is predicated on an intelligence deficit.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad  person.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Instead of insulting others you could kindly explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please do not use offensive comments thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using offensive words thank you
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
please refrain from offensive remarks thank you
I do not agree with the woman committing fraud but we should not call her the c word and hope she is punished with legal charges.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  It's sexist and wrong.
Please do not make offensive remarks towards people thank you.
Men are just as fault as women. Be respectful you do not know everyones stories.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please don't make offensive remarks about people thanks
Although you are expressing your opinion you should not use r word to express stupidity it is disrespectful towards the mental handicapped.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and women.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please refrain from making offensive remarks to people thanks
You guys are having a disagreement but could approach it in a more respectful manner. Try not using disrespectful words and be more mature.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
did that really make a point about anything? can you tell me why?
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
The whole subject is more nuanced than can be explained here. Ireland's GDP and regional performance has nothing to do with me
hey guys that hasnt added to anyones argument at all. lumping people together like that could be seen as dense.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Some people can't be trusted to tell the truth
1this just makes me think that you really dont think. using a real thought can make people who matter more apt to listen to you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Woah! Please be careful with the words you choose. These words are considered derogatory and offensive. Thank you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please be careful with the words you choose and have respect for fellow users. Instead you can opt for a more universally accepted word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and or sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using these types of words which are commonly considered to be derogatory and offensive. Thank you for understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
There is no need to be hateful even jokes can be seriously offensive.
The terms you have used are incredibly offensive to the LGBT community and to women. You need to use words that are less harmful.
Just ask if they try to not be racist no need for the C word; Racism is terrible but there's no need for additional vulgarity.
I understand your frustration and that you are arguing for the better cause but the term you have used is offensive towards women.
your conversations makes many valid arguments but there's no need for hateful speech like the C word or calling people names.
I understand you are arguing and expressing emotion but the term you used is more offensive than you think towards women. Use kinder words!
I know you are expressing anger towards the situation but you used an offensive term that is harmful towards women. Be more careful!
Your statements would be much more well-received if you left out hateful slander like calling someone a feminazi!
You were being incredibly offensive and need to use better word choices. You insulted women jews people of color and the disabled.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You're point would be taken better if you did not use that word.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
we dont have to agree on this to each their own.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Everyone has a differnet perspective let's change subject.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
everyone has their vices don't waste more time on it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
i understand why this upsets you but it's not worth getting stressed over.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Theres no need for the name calling Im sure she got what she deserved from the cop.
n/a
You didnt have to turn this conversation into these dumb words.
n/a
You may be right but you didnt have to bring that word in.
Im sure your mother wouldnt agree with that language.
n/a
It's not going to make you feel better to use gendered insults.
I wonder what is going to take place after Sessions. I mean if anything will really change.
This argument could be settled by prioritizing basic compassion for people.
I agree it's disgusting that anyone would leave this lady to be harmed. We need more compassion in this world.
I cant wait to see this Marvel film! I love them all!
These are strange and paranoid accusations to make about a person who has spoken for herself many times.
Feminist gets a bad name and I'm a woman. Malala is a wonderful example of one getting something done.
Hey using this kind of language is insulting to people who don't hurt you.
I don't think the workers of the TSA have any control over that. And the comment sounds directed to them.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you did not use that kind of language.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The pejorative use of "fa--ot" is offensive and must be avoided here.
There are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
The foul language and name calling leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Racist language and sexist language is not allowed.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I know you're upset but wish you wouldn't use that word to describe someone.
Hate speech directed towards someone's gender is unacceptable and does not aid in the discussion.
Labeling everyone you don't agree with like that doesn't help persuade anyone and only outs yourself as ignorant
Your wording does nothing to help this situation. It's fine if we have different views but I wish you were respectful.
Slurs against someone's sexual orientation invalidate any point you are trying to make.
Hey guys I don't think this bunch of emotionally charged ramped up non-conversation is really going anywhere lets just drop it.
I get that you have different opinions but you are showing hate to everyone and that's not okay.
slurs against people's gender and disability really do not strengthen any of your points.
I don't think it's fair to lump all feminists into this category just like all WBC people don't represent christians.
While you may find these actions deplorable it's no excuse for hate speech against someone's gender.
Yeah she was bad but we should call the person out for the behavior not attribute it to their sex
There are much better ways to make a point than to liken a group you don't like to the disabled.
Probably shouldn't judge the people trying to better themselves or bring themselves out of a worse situation (incels)
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less than yours.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike puts down those with mental disabilities.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Avoid using impolite terms regarding a persons mental impairment.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Do not use that racial terms when talking about a culture.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Wow please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a female.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
You both throw around the word retard like it doesn't offend people. Think twice next time.
The name calling and foul language only leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Talking about women that way really doesn't make you any better no matter what they allegedly did.
Calling women names like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point anymore valid.
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
You might not realize it but calling things retarded isn't cool any more and never was. Try expanding your vocabulary.
Foul language makes others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
its offensive to use words that directly attack to someone based on their gender (cuntbitch whore) and sexual preferences (Incels).
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Mocking people is definitely not the way to make friends.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation.
Easy there tiger!
Please refrain from using hateful ableist speech in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean you should make fun of people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Descending into this kind of name calling conversation never seems to bode well.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread.
Hating an entire group of people based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
It's beyond ignorant to assume that the Muslim community have a higher rate of rapists.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thanks
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about yourself or others.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Please refrain from using racist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Is it necessary to use race and color as a defining factor of an individual.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything of value to the conversation here.
Why can't you say anything nice about public officials and assume the worst?
Using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything of value to your argument or this sub.  Please refrain in the future.
He was just telling a nice story. Why do you have to insult him and call him stupid?
Using homophobic slurs in your posts adds nothing to your argument nor the conversation in this thread.  Please refrain in the future.
Why are you all hateful towards everyone? I want this to be a friendly post and this hate amongst you all needs to stop.
It's hard to understand your point when you use a word like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like those.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use language like that it reflects poorly on your character.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd be much more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
Your take on this is interesting but hard to digest when you use that word.
'bitchy' just call them bitchy.
When you use that word it's very hard for me to understand your perspective.
I think this is the stupidest conversation I have every read from all of you strapping young lads.
When you use that sort of language it immediately invalidates your argument.
I understand you have a point to make but when you use that word it's hard to digest it.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Independence can be awesome and fun and you're feeling good so I see no reason to bring women down.
I am sorry you feel that way. Marriage can be beautiful if you both work at it together. Don't let little things bother you.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
In today's world you need to be very careful with hate groups. I never understood why their so autonomous if they believe their cause.
I am sympathetic to your anger
If you ram into a cop car and actual violent then you will get tazed regardless if you're a man or woman. This wasn't any kind of pass.
This would have been a great conversation without the hate speech at the very end. Saying gullible SJW's kind of gets the point across eh?
Very strong statements you all are making. Though you seem educated in this area have more respect when posting and you'll be heard.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Such inflammatory statements should not be used so lightly. This is already a charged enough debate without being awful.
Women do deserve respect even when they act of emotionally. Remember we all have a mother and grandmother.
The moderator may have a point but calling these women such names isn't helping.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'white trash' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or ethnicity in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or national origin in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm real tired of the disrespect Americans give our president. I don't like all his ideas or acts but he's our leader. Respect or leave.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
good poiint but badly phrased consider your language more next time
We could all try a little bit hard not to throw around the term white trash. It is degrading and you really don't know each other.
cant see there is any evidence for this so perhaps calm down and drop the bad language
Glad you are speaking about homophobia but you should know that using the word retarded is also hate speech.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
just no need for that at all. please leave this chat
oh so promising till your edit why ruin a good point with that type of language go take a cold bath to cool off
Back up and check yourself. Calling people retards is not cool and it makes you sound immature.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
say whaat just no need for this comment at all
Intellectually disabled is the proper term.
I agree it's probably not true. People say these things to get attention. Be careful with the IRS though because they always find out.
Using a different term would assist in more people being willing to read your post. Try something useful next time please.
Yes the Republicans did. It will make sense if you read through it all again I'm sure.
Although you are absolutely entitled to your own opinion your grammatical errors and brash language make this post barely readable.
Kavanaugh was given a rough deal. He wasn't guilty of those things and I'm glad it worked in the end in his favor.
It sounds like you just don't like foreign women. This post would have had more hold if it wasn't so poorly written.
Pushing and kicking women who hold open the doors sounds awful. Just tell the security or whoever is working about it.
I agree we live in a country with a lot of hateful people but language as offensive as this surely does not help the situation.
Nobody should be treated this way. We all need more love in this world. Too much hate is surely going around.
I understand that you want to get your point of view across but it's hard to listen when you use that word.
This thread is closed. Refrain from using such terms in the future. Final warning. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
It's hard to see your side of things when you use that word.
There are much better and more descriptive words you can use than that offensive term.
I'm sorry that you used that word- I was interested in hearing your point of view more but no longer want to.
We insist you refrain from using said term when commenting. Please review our user policies. Reddit is for everyone after all.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
There is no use for using that vulgar term to talk about a person.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Nobody should ever promote someone else to assault people. I don't want to be assaulted and I doubt they do either.
Do not use a mental disability as a way to insult a political side.
That was a weird customer choice
Do not post sexually vulgar terms referring to female genitalia.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That doesn't sound very fun. Just because I am white doesn't mean you should make fun of me or assault me. I think that's called racist.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Never go full hate speech people. Reddit is for everyone thanks and have a wonderful day.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
You're account is being temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing our bans. Please review our code of conduct policy. Ty
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Hate speech is not allowed people. We can express ourselves more respectfully and insist that you do so. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Persons with disabilities people have respect. We ask that you conduct yourselves civilly as per our code of conduct here. Thank you all.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion as a whole.
Incel is not an insult
We ask that you be respectful in your dissent and avoid hate speech. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
You need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
There's no need to use hateful language. We can convey the same message without using degrading words.
Not sure what's going on here but you need to watch your language. Thanks.
We can say the same thing.without using degrading language.
The word 'feminazi' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender and ideas.
This language is toeing the line. Please settle down.
There is no reason to equate rape victims to nazis.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Let's watch the language please. I understand you're quoting something but you don't have to use that word.
You do not need to use racial slurs.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
This is racism AND offensive. Watch the language you two.
Hateful language and racial slurs aren't necessary.
Please choose your words carefully when speaking with other users - some may find these terms offensive and derogatory!
I haven't heard about Sinead O'Connor since the early 90's. I wonder if she still sings.
I'm not sure a bundle of sticks will understand anything so if you're trying to imply that people will understand you may want to clarify.
Woah! Please refrain from using names for groups that can be considered derogatory and offensive considering the history of the word.
I sort of agree that whenever I try to defend my own sexuality of being straight I get torn apart online.
Please be careful with the words you use! They can be considered derogatory and offensive. Please stick to more universally accepted words.
Well this has gotten off track. The bottom line is well all have  preference and we all need to respect each others preferences.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please  refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion as a whole
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the thread
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation of the sub as a whole
as this is ableist speech.'
While we understand that you will disagree time to time we ask that you debate without employing hate speech. Thank you
This thread is being closed. Refrain from such language in the future. This is your only and final warning. Thank you.
Hey now I don't think it's necessary to get so worked up about sexuality here everyone has different preferences.
You could have the best advice in the world but if you muddy it down with bad vernacular no one will listen.
as that is hate speech and not allowed.'
Come on people persons with disabilities refrain from hate speech. Continued usage will result in bans. Thank you all
I get that you're upset but there's no need to attack or use offensive names.
I am sorry that you feel my reply was invalid. I do not appreciate the name calling in return. We are allowed different opinions.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point more valid.
I am sorry about your experience. Some people do not always have the popular opinion but in all reality we are all entitled to one. Cheers.
I get what you are saying but please don't use that term to define people. It can be offensive and takes away from the message.
The foul language used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Regardless of the gender of the person involved a law is a law. Sometimes people react inappropriately and it has consequences.
There was no reason to add that name calling. Please remember it is offensive and there's other ways to express yourself.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Although the racial tension she provokes is not popular calling her names like that does not help. Be the change.
There's no need to start name calling just because people disagree.
Putting others down speaks volumes about one's character.
Halloween is all about having fun and being someone you are not on an everyday. Let's have fun and celebrate not hate.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
using retarded as an insult qualifies as hate speech please refrain from using it
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using cunt as an insult for a woman is hate speech. Do not say that here.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
Using retards to insult someone is hate speech. Do not use it.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to comment on story.
Hey now do not type that term when voicing your opinions on an issue.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women in your post.
Ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
It's hard to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thank you
It's very hard to want to understand your perspective when you use that sort of language.
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you did not use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
"Trumptard
"f-g
and the deranged hate speech surrounding them
It's very difficult to continue this conversation with you when you use that sort of language.
Hey There derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please don\'t use the word "retarded" here. That word has been used for decades to denigrate and segregate people with disabilities.
Theres no need to bring the mentally diminished into this.
Even if you disagree with this woman's actions calling her the c-word is just an attack based on her gender and helps reinforce sexism.
The court did their job without calling her such.
Using "cunt" as an insult just insults womanhood -- it reinforces the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable.
Im not sure your mother would appreciate your language.
Using "cunt" as an insult relies on the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable and reinforces sexism.
IM pretty sure they didnt need your two cents added.
Don't insult people over their sexual choices.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The reflexive and gratuitous use of "fa--ot" here is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and hateful and so should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
While we appreciate your stance we ask that you please respect persons with disabilities. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on gender are not ok
We recognize your right to your opinions but ask that you refrain from derogatory and sexist insults. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on disability are not ok
We acknowledge your right to your opinion and it's expression but insist that you not use derogatory terms for people with disabilities. Ty.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Use of that term is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning and please review our user policies and code of conduct. Ty.
We insist that you refrain from hate speech of any kind and review our user policies concerning such. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just say stupid woman. I understand this is a horrible deal
Such terminology is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning.
Using a derogatory term against someone is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
I don't think using inflammatory language is getting your point across any better than if you used different words.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to help anything.
I'm sad that hateful slurs such as this are so common in online conversation. Perhaps you could make an effort to change.
Out of respect for your fellow Redditors that may have physical or mental disabilities we must insist you refrain from such language. Ty
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are less intelligent than you.
Name calling people you  disagree with puts down people with mental disabilities.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
I would avoid using that word to describes someones family member
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
while the rest are spirited
Comments do not add anything to discussion besides being insulting
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability or that refer to a certain gender's parts belong in careful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
gosh
Try to avoid using slurs against women even on parody
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
People are too serious. Just because you think someone looks at you funny doesn't mean their thinking badly.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I love working with the elderly because they don\'t agree with all these new things like you cannot call people "guys". Come on.
It must be a pain that not everyone is on the same page. At least their making a lot of money though.
Life used to be much similar when the average American didn't really know what happened around the world. Like in the 90's.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Now the entire world is too sensitive. Everyone has some sort of accent to someone else across the world. We all joke about each other.
Disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok.
Please try not to think about women in these terms.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or sexual orientation is not ok.
I don't understand why this is the go-to insult for someone you don't like.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
A simple degree of research will tell you that this is not true.
Wow these are some lucky ladies. My husband takes care of me too but I don't complain like this.
Using language like that to describe women shows a lack of respect.
Twitter has this new policy but it's getting out of control. I hear their banning people from the first offense.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
There are better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
I am remarried and this time it's a better arrangement. So don't think because the first was bad that they're all bad.
There are better words that can be used instead of the foul language.
She got sentenced to death so I don't see what the judge did that was bad.
Name calling is childish way to describe someone.
Using retarded to insult something is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Insults based on sexual orientation are not ok
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but it's very hard to when you use those words.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Using that word really hinders your argument.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Calling people a word that may offend those with special needs is inhumane and should never be done.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans a gender does not advance the topic at hand.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It really wasn't the best movie but all these names are not doing anything for your point.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The phrase "filthy c--t" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
No wonder people make anti-white statements when you act this way. Maybe lookin in the mirror before calling others names. Let's get along.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I was enjoying your reply until you had to throw in the word "retarded". Sounds like you are still a pre-teen using that language.
Try another insult that doesn't disparage the disable and I might agree with you.
Using "Ret--dation" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You almost sounded smart until you used the word "retardation". What a weak way to try and make a come back.
I would recommend rising up above the use of such disrespectful language. Just because you're angry with someone doesn't justify such words.
Both mentioning the "N word" and using "c--t" pejoratively are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
You are all clearly shining examples of men who need help. No offense but you sound like immature people that need to grow up.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Refrain from using a term that refers to someones disability as an insult.
Please take the unhealthy words out of your speech and say nicer things.
Woah you can post on here without using that vulgar term.
Eliminate the damaging speech please and stick to your point.
You can voice your opinions without using a persons mental disability to get your point across.
Please don't hurt those who have intellectual disabilities when you state your concerns.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexuality to insult others.
Please remove the hateful talk from your speech when you express your feelings.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Cops need to be professional and citizens need to be respectful. Then these things won't happen.
There is no need for him to get violent with her
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Even if Russia was doing this it didn't change the popular vote. Hilary never had a chance.
Just because you disagree with him doesn't mean you can call him names.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Exactly. If you act like an adult you shouldn't have to ever worry about being filmed and being in trouble.
If she was in the wrong just make sure the proper authoritys handle it. There is no need to call her names
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
All that ranting I still don't get why you're mad at Sony. Try to make a point without the swearing.
Calm down im sure you can find a way to talk about what is upsetting you without resorting to name calling
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't appreciate you saying that. We may have differing opinions and we should leave it at that.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't think that you should talk about others like that. It's okay if we disagree. We don't have to have the same opinions.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
I disagree with you and wish that you wouldn't judge people.
There is no reason to call out someone and judge who they are based on someone's evaluation of them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
Please discontinue making the harmful remarks to others.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion.
Please discuss your concerns without the abusive words.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread
Please use more hospitable language and avoid the trash talk.
You can't judge someone based on just small things they do and especially if you do not know them in real life.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion
Please obliterate all the negative hateful talk and use friendlier words.
Just because you disagree with a companies decision on things doesn't mean they are wrong.
Please take out the disrespectful language and be kinder to others in your speech.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Both the term "c--t" and the gender-based misogynistic hate speech in which it is embedded are not welcome in this forum and so banned.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the term "c---" and hate-fueled misogyny are offensive and must be avoided here.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Praying doesn't make a person gay and that word has been used purely for oppression and attack purposes against the LGBT community
The auto-mod speaks the truth...
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Travel bans against an entire race is racist. Also environmentalists just want to preserve the planet for future human sustainability.
Every time I see the word "retard
Your argument would be more influential if you didn't use that word.
This sounds like a direct threat to all males. She should be arrested for saying that.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
He was brave trying to invite the side chick to the wedding... But clearly she found out and wasn't having it!
The foul language and name calling takes away from the point of the topic.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
I cannot stand when this happens. I know times change but leave things as they're written in the original.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
I understand your side of this argument but it's hard to agree with when you use that word.
That is good. You cannot go around smacking people because their ideas are different.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
I agree I don't think she deserves the death penalty for doing this during a war. It isn't the same.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
You can better describe these people with different words without retracting from the conversation. In fact it would improve it.
I think you're trying to say that famous people don't go through the same struggle.
There are much better ways to describe things besides resorting to foul language and name calling.
Treat others as you would what to be treated. You would not want someone using the wrong pronoun for you or call you names. Be kind to all.
That word isn't in the dictionary so I cannot define it.
The foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
There is no justification for the use of that word there. You can easily say something else or say nothing at all. You post adds nothing.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Do not respond to hate speech with more hate speech. It only fuels the flames. Be a good example and have rational discussions.
Don't worry I agree with you. I'm a woman who married for love not money. We are not all equal.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Do not claim fact if it is not a fact and you do not have a source to back yourself up. It is better to not contribute than to lie.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Calling someone that is not appropriate. Its an insensitive term for someone's mental disability
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Calling someone by that term is insensitive and disrepectful to someone's mental disability.
Fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is not appropriate to use as its insensitive to someone's exual orientation.
discourage users from using homosexual slurs
Ret---ation" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families it must be avoided.
That term is insensitive to people with mental disabilities.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
That is very inappropriate. Please refrain from using terms with foul language.
Open a dialogue on speech about women and men's anger towards them
I am sympathetic to your anger
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
this is needless generalization meant to inflame arguments
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
not all muslims are terrorists.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
This isn't at all funny and it isn't made more funny by being insulting.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that offensive term.
There are a lot of reasons you can't use that word and you should educate yourself further.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use a word like that.
Please don't look for reasons to dismiss the real pain that people are expressing to you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
I'm sure that you could have thought of a better word to use in this situation.
I'd be more interested in your opinion if you didn't use that word.
That word is unnecessary and insulting. I know many people who are mentally disabled and they're smarter than the people you're describing!
Using hateful ableist language contributes nothing of value to the conversation of the sub.  Please refrain in the future
Don't compare the mentally disabled to people you simply disagree with. A lot of them are smarter than the people you're describing!
Please refrain from the use of sexist and ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything of value to the conversation
Please don't use that word to describe women. I'm a woman and I often agree with you but this word is obscene and unnecessary.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation or the sub.
You are not retarded. A retarded person has a mental disability they have no control over. You are simply an idiot.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
Sounds like those that agree that this is not a "pass" could have used less offensive language if they truly respect women in general.
Stop attacking gender. This is not the day in age to bring in gentrification.
Belittling women and using racist language against different classes of people only makes matters worse.
Intellectually disabled is the proper term these days.
Language that truly speaks to your education level.
Using a slang term that refers to a woman's body is not acceptable.
Great story but you lost me in all the extra profanity.
Belittling people based on intelligence is never acceptable and using words that can offend genders is not accepted. Be politically correct
While you may disagree with the views of others we ask that you refrain from using hate speech during debate. Thank you
Please do not use derogatory language for women or transgender slurs.
Please do not use derogatory religious slurs.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
Please refrain from using such language or you will be banned.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
When you use that word it makes me immediately want to stop conversing with you.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use that word.
Language that attacks another person based off of political belief is not allowed.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your side if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
so many legit things you could say to insult her but instead you insult all the wrong people.
I get your point
lets get away from using that word as catch all for everything stupid can we.
lets dont insult all women when you really are trying for just one.
Please refrain from abusive remarks thanks
We seem to be focusing on the wrong part of the story the deadly bus crash.
You're account has been suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing  a Moderator. Please review our user policies in the meantime.
CBC was wrong though their statement was right. It's ok to be any race
There is no need to get angry insulting or aggressive. You are free to move on from threads you don't like.
We insist that you not use such terms and review our user policies. Such derogatory terms have no place here. First warning. Thank you.
There really isn't any reason to label or criticize an entire group that wasn't even involved in the video.
Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in the future. Thank you.
Ok so back to the fact she had $9.76 million reward and it wasn't enough. I would be happy with just getting child support weekly.
There is no need to resort to personal attacks or blanket statements about women.
This thread has been closed and several of you banned. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Sony and video game developers in general need to stop giving in to this. I believe there's plenty of people willing to buy it as is.
Let's tone down the insults a bit and just discuss the article.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning. We thank you in advance for your cooperation.
please do not use offensive language
maybe if you were less racist people would be more interested in conversing with you
please do not use offensive and racial language
please try to choose your words in a more sensitive manner
please do not use offensive language
you have the right to be upset but your word choice is very insensitive
please do not use offensive or racial language
it seems as though you have some deep seated issues with people of other races lynching an entire race of people for a crime is absurd.
please do not use offensive language
please do not threaten harm to others
I get that you have a point you want to make
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling is a childish way of describing someone.
It's difficult for me to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Foul language like that shows a lack of respect for others.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
The pejorative usage of "bitch" and "c--t" being gender-targeting terms of  hate is not allowed in this forum.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Using "ret--d" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Use of the racially targeting hate-filled "n word" offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
This use of "ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is making fun of people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Lovecraft wasn't bad but it had some issues with diversity. My issue now is the way you guys are trying to be heard.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or someone's religion is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Child abuse is never okay but let's lead by example. Stop pushing violence against violence.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
My whole thing is if you don't like using than just don't use it. I don't use certain apps and I don't complain about them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That is actually a funny story. I doubt he used those words to her face. He had more respect not to.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I hope her daughter doesn't either but let's stop calling our beautiful women these negative names.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
I think any valid opinion you may have is invalidated for people when you use words like "faggotry
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Even if she's a bad lady probably shouldn't use such strong words about her or her friends that we know nothing about?
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Physical abuse isn't okay and it doesn't make it okay that it happened to a woman who has sex with people you deem more attractive than you
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Yeah this woman did something wrong but don't make it into a sex issue it's a mental health issue. Son vs daughter doesn't matter
Using a word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning to what you were saying; some men are feminists
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
This term you have used is offensive to women whether you realized it or not. You need to be more careful with the words that you choose!
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The term you have used is offensive to the disabled community even if you didn't mean to offend. You should refrain from using this term!
The offensive word you used adds negative emotion to your content and doesn't influence more valuable discussion.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The term you have used was not appropriate and can be offensive and harmful to women. You need to consider better word choice!
Using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with Asperger's syndrome doesn't add value to the discussion.
Using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
The point isn't that she's a woman
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Regardless of how you feel about the verdict it doesn't help your point any to use ableist slurs as an insult to someone's lack of knowledge
Insults based on disability are not ok
Wow bot
Insults based on nationality are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that slur.
That is not appropriate talk on here. Avoid using sexual terms when talking about others.
Do not use vulgar terms when talking about others.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those slurs.
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexuality in your posts. And do not use a mental disability as an insult.
The foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling and foul languages speaks volumes about one's character.
There is nothing wrong with being gay. Please be respectful to others.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There is no tolerance of hate speech here. Remove your posts referring to handicapped individuals in hate context.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hate speech regarding women is not tolerated. Remove your post immediately from this site or you will be banned.
It would better if everyone stopped using that word as a casual derogatory term. It's highly offensive to women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
All comments relating to racism and sexism are prohibited.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I get your argument but watch the language a bit.  That word is offensive to many.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
I was following your argument until you started using offensive words.  That really discredits your argument.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
I understand you're not a native speaker but that word is quite offensive to many.  I'd back off using it.
I hope we can move forward without the slurs and hateful language. Good points can be made without being bad people.
Stop using that sexually vulgar term when referring to the female gender
Refrain from calling females that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the sub's discussion.
You know 'asinine' is a wonderful and under-used word that could be used in place of hurtful language. I have many other suggestions!
You're smart enough to not use hateful language to get your point across.
Please do not use a mental impairment to insult others.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The use of "fa--ots" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling shows one's true character.
The use of "fa--ot" here can be patently offensive to many and so should be eliminated.
Using sexuality as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
If you want to be taken seriously you need to find a less offensive way to get your point across.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Ignorance does not deserve such a callout and hateful response. Additionally those with mental disabilities take offense at such remarks.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different cultures and customs than you.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
No need to use such a term
Insults based on gender  or sexual orientation are not ok
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Insults based on sexual orientation or disability are not ok
First comment is hatefully homophobic and misguided. "Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability.
"Retard" and the n-word are hateful words that are used to demean people who belong to certain minorities and should not be used.
Insults based on gender are not ok
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean these women on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Using foul language makes people think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Insults based on gender aren't ok.
There are much better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of such foul language can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability or gender is not ok
Use of such terms is not tolerated on Reddit. Please refrain from such hate speech and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your account is temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
While I can understand your anger towards this woman; I wouldn't wish rape on her. That is a very hateful thing to hope for someone.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. Reddit is for everyone including Russians. This is your first warning.
It is wrong to generalize an entire nation of people. There will be good people and bad people any where you go.
Please refrain from such terms when expressing your opinion. Your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities would appreciate it.
We insist that you refrain from using said term to refer to persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
There are better ways to be critical of actions you don't agree with most of which do not insult or disrespect those with mental disability
Such hateful language does not contribute to the conversation and only serves to denigrate those you disagree with.
Ironically inquiring if someone is mentally disabled is incredibly disrespectful and offputting to those who struggle with such conditions.
Such hateful language against a woman is uncalled for. There are more constructive ways you can go about criticizing her actions.
Spiritual based.
Calling someone you don't like an anti-female slur isn't cool towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I would be upset
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Wow that is just terrible.
The terms you have used are offensive to both the LGBT community and the disabled community. There are kinder words that can be used here.
I need to know where these women live. Because I buy my own PC's and phones. I love Android!
The term you have used was not necessary and is offensive/harmful to the disabled community. You need to use a better word choice here.
Racism has no place in videogames. If someone doesn't like a character just don't play that one.
You made a thorough comment but used hateful language in it. The term used is very offensive to the disabled community.
I totally understand. I need 2 broken teeth out and it's $700 each where I am so I'm toughing it out.
The term you have used offends the disabled community and is not necessary. There are different words you can use in replacement.
YouTube shouldn't be able to edit my comments without me checking them first. That is how false allegations start.
The term used here is very offensive towards the disabled community; there are better less offensive words that can be used instead.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Why did you bring a word like that into a conversation about children's books?
Rowling is a brilliant writer her anatomy has no bearing on the books
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
It makes me uncomfortable that you're using this as a joke to mock people.
Those who live violently tend to end that way I highly recommend peace.
Given that you're defending her I don't think it helps your argument to use gendered insults.
Stop talking about women like they aren't a part of this conversation. They can stand up for themselves!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I think you have missed the point of this story because of your hatred toward women.
You're just salty because she doesn't give you the time of day. Chill bro!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
It can't be good for you to make words like that a part of your regular use.
You're* ignorance is showing.  You're* in no position to comment on anyone's behavior.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Language that attacks someones race gender sex disorder or sexual orientation is not allowed.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others and calling them names.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
There are much more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult and attacking others based on their race.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
I know you are joking but it is not funny to use such derogatory language. Please respect others in your community.
Gay people that I know are nice
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
The Mods have their reasons for their compromise. If you have questions you can message them directly instead of calling them names.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you found his comment not to your liking you can politely disagree or ignore it altogether instead of using obscene language.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that you choose your words carefully and review our user policies out of respect for your fellow female Redditors. Thank you.
It's hard to follow your point when you use words like those.
We must insist that you take care to show respect for your fellow female Redditors. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Your analysis of the situation would have been more effective without the use of that word.
We respect your right to voice your opinion but must insist you not use said term ever again. First warning. Thank you in advance.
Your point would be taken more seriously if you chose to use a different word.
We respect everyone's opinion but cannot tolerate use of said term. Please review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you in advance.
It's unfortunate that you chose to use that term I would have liked to hear more from your perspective.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans one gender identity contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to your argument or the debate in this thread
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything productive to the sub
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or reference sex parts do not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or gender is not ok.
Please refrain from using homophobic and misogynistic insults.  It adds nothing valid to the conversation in this thread.
Stop insulting people due to their gender sexual choices and religious beliefs.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults.
I hope that you realize that using the vulgar words only distracts and takes away from the argument that you're trying to make.
Hey now do not use that vulgar term when insulting others. And do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Please watch it.  That word is extremely offensive to many people in today's society.
Please keep the vulgar sexual terms to yourself and not on these posts when referring to women.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
I understand your point but your vulgarities are taking away from your point.  If you back off the offensive language people will listen.
Hey don't use mental disabilities as an insult.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using bitch and cunts as insults towards women is hate speech and cannot be done here
These people lead different lifestyles than you. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using retard as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Use of such language is disrespectful towards those who are mentally disabled - please be considerate when choosing your words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
The use of such language disrespects those with mental disabilities
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It's not adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread
Mental disability is not something to laugh at and those with disabilities deserve respect
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I'd be more open to hearing your side of this if you didn't use that kind of language.
Unfortunately your response has no merit nor offers any real insight.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
People have different opinions and respond differently to certain things. There is no reason to cuss someone out and say they aren't smart.
Woah! Do not use a persons mental disability to insult each other. There is no place for that here.
Refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult.
Just because someone posts stuff you do not like doesn't mean you should call them names.
Please stop using crude sexual terms when posting on here.
Just because someone has said something offensive does not give you the right to act like them as well.
Do not use profane sexual terms when posting on here.
its 'must have'
This word is offensive to the disabled.
Racism & disability discrimination are harmful to others and are unacceptable ways of speaking to others. Please refrain from using "retard"
Using the "r" word is offensive to the disabled.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Destroyed these girls
The use of the "c" word is cruel offensive and inappropriate.
The word 'cunt' is highly offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Use of the "c" word is very vulgar and inappropriate. There are plenty of other ways to get your message across.
The word 'cunt' is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used nor should violence be incited against others.
This language is completely unacceptable. This is your only warning.
The n-word used here is unnecessary and unhelpful.
A denigrating word for women should not be conflated to mean someone who acted in a careless way.
I don't disagree with your statement but please watch the language.
No eleven year could make that decision. This was a case of statutory rape no question.
Watch your language please. This is inappropriate.
While much of this language is offensive this particular comment uses an actual slur against a group of people.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
The new format sounds like a good idea.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
I didn't know Bono did that. If it's true that's awful. We need to help people in crisis and stop making money OFF of them.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Right. She is saying she worked hard like I have for years to get here. And now women are picked because their women; we don't like it.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using that word really hinders your argument.
In this case I agree as a women I prefer men in command. But if a women is truly qualified over a man than she deserves to lead.
Your point would be more accepted if you found a way to make it without using that language.
The viewers should be the only ones to say if a movie is good or not. I disagree with critics all the time. I say get rid of them.
It's unnecessary to be so vulgar and rude about your opinion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation.
This comment was truly disrespectful and very unnecessary. Calling people out their name isn't the way to get your point across
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It isn't contributing anything productive to the sub.
Language that attacks someones sex sexual orientation or disability is not allowed.
No need to insult women with hateful language in your post.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to express opinion on post.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
We are mixed and diverse already. Even though people say I'm white
No need to insult people with a disability using hateful language in your post.
There are more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
If you answer any question with a question
Totally unwarranted to insult people with a disability to express your opinion.
The Pulse Night Club shootings were terrible. I may not be the same as those who died but it doesn't mean they should die.
Comments using hateful language about race or disability are not funny or warranted.
Name calling in such a way speaks volumes about one's character.
Both the term "fa--ot" and puerile and mindlessly-expressed hate speech are banned here.
That sentence was nothing but a string of hateful slurs.
Both the term "c--t" and misogynistic death threats and not allowed in this forum.
I don't agree with what she did but that language is really graphic for a family forum.
Both the term "ret--ded" and ill-considered misogynistic hatred are banned in this forum.
The argument was engaging until this immature comment that mocks a serious condition.
The word "ret--ded" anti-Muslim rants and rampant misogyny are banned in this forum.
You can prove your point without being completely hateful to women.
The opprobrious phrase "ya mangy c--ts"being offensive to many is banned in this forum.
That's a highly offensive word here in America.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation in this thread.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It is adding nothing productive to the thread.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive to the conversation.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
So
Your language is offensive. Any further comments will result in your removal from this forum.
What you are saying is very problematic! Nips is very derogatory as is retarded. If you are serious about inclusion you wouldn't say that.
Maybe journalist stop responding because you use hateful speech like "retarded"
The term you have used is offensive and very inappropriate! There are better words you can use in this situation that don't offend others.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The terms used here are incredibly offensive to other women and not just the people involved in the conversation. Be more careful!
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
The term used is inappropriate and very offensive to the disabled community. You need to choose your words more carefully!
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The word you have used is in reference to offensive language towards the disabled and should not be used! Be more careful with your words.
Its inappropriate to use words like incel and cunt as they attack someone directly based on their sexual preferences and gender respectively
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Don't use gender based insults.
Re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using that language drowns out whatever points you're trying to make no matter if they're valid or not!
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation
You guys could probably get your point across better without using the R word. it doesn't make you look good
Please avert from saying inappropriate terms regarding someones disability to insult others.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
Please do not use racial slurs when posting on feeds.
It is 2019.  Surely SURELY you can think of a better word.
It's really terrible that she did that and I don't have much sympathy for her
Wow! Do not use that vulgar sexual term when voicing your opinion.
While I certainly understand the anger behind it please refrain from using this word that has been historically used to describe women.
I understand that her actions were deplorable but you don't need to stoop to her level by using that word.
No matter what the other person does don't stoop to their level by demeaning yourself into a mudslinging contest.
Referring to a person in this manner is not necessary.  Just because his opinions are not yours does not mean he has a problem.
"Retard" and "faggot" are hateful words used to demeans intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and shouldn\'t be used.
This is a very interesting debate it is unfortunate it derailed into trading hateful insults.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
You're mocking a serious medical condition with your choice of words. It isn't cute or funny.
>Uses hate speech to prove hate speech doesn't exist.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
You're literally using hate speech to say hate speech doesn't exist.
You're arguing that people should think before they speak yet calling people anti-female slurs.
Please refrain from using the word "retard" to refer to someone you disagree with. It\'s an offensive term.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
This isn't a competition to see who can use the most offensive insults in a single comment.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
I doubt you'd use that kind of language about a man you disagreed with.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Fun fact: Using "the n word" on the internet doesn\'t make you sound cool.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone insults their race.
Let's watch the language
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
People identify themselves as how they feel It's 2019. They deserve to have a voice too.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
that word is one of the trashiest words ever it does nothing but trigger anger.
This comment seems to defend using a racial slur against black people which has historically been extremely hateful and harmful.
I disagree that saying hateful things is protected free speech. You aren't free from ridicule from saying those things.
Your point would be better accepted if you didn't use those words.
just because this is conversation about these points does not mean we can keep repeating them.
I understand you want to get your point across but it would be better presented if you didn't use that word.
Actually no person is classified by that definition in any case for any reason any longer.
It's unreasonable to judge and name call a person on one mistake. It's myopic.
When you use that word it severely cheapens your argument.
cmon man. we cant lump all women together with that by using a piece of anatomy.
It would be nice if that word wasn't used to flippantly. Words have consequences.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
the term gives me no idea about this person or what the offense actually is?
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in your personal attacks. Please review our user policies. Thank you have a nice day.
please do not use racial language
We ask that you refrain from using such terms out of respect for fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from such terms in the future. This is a first warning. Thank you and have a nice day.
please do not use offensive language
Please refrain from use of such terms. Reddit is for everyone. This is a first warning. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I am sympathetic to your anger
We understand your ire but ask that you refrain from hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't know what you are responding to
You should avoid using a slur if you're going to judge someone as racist.
Don't use race and nationality as an insult.
Both of you are acting childish. Using foul language isn't earning you extra points here. It's just irritating the rest of us.
That's how the current law is whether you like it or not. If you want to change it write to your senator instead of complaining.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Pleases refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Putting someone down because of their gender isn't ok
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this women specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Differences would be a more polite option instead of further advancing the hate speech. We can all do our part to clean it up.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Using those terms defiles someones daughter. I wouldnt want someone calling my daughter those names.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
All of this hatred and name calling only serves to weaken gender issues. Rising above these tactics is the only way to be taken seriously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Im not sure how Twilight zone provoked such a hate filled reply. You could at least wait until something has been said on the topic.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Just because you do not agree with someone does not make hate speech ok. If left unchecked hate festers and grows.
The "n word" regardless of the use case is so demeaning and offensive that it does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please do not use hate speech and degrading comments.
"Ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
"Ret--d(s)" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided.
Please do not use discriminatory language.
Using "Ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use a word to degrade a group of people .
Ret--ded" as well as the puerile and formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded are not only offensive but banned.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
more people are offended than what you guys are talking about. and putting it in quotes does not make it better.
No hate speech is tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage by any offenders here will result in permanent bans. Thank you.
you are mad at racists and yet you toss out the 'r' word without caring. kinda ruins your point.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Please review our user policies and code of conduct. Thank you.
Anyone saying that their on a terrorist side should be banned. They kill and ruin people's lives. If you're joking than be more careful.
That word makes some people angry.
Making fun of anyone is hurtful and I don't find this video very funny at all. Have more respect for people and their reputations.
The sheer amount of college classes this comment could span.
The Communist Manifesto is well known in that class. I read it too but I cannot say I understood it 100%.
ho" and especially "cunt" over and over is really denigrating.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" (and derivatives) is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
The pejorative use of "gay" and "ret--ded" constitute hate speech and as such is not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using the words "ret--d" "fa--ot" and their variants are constitutive of hate speech; such ill-considered venom is forbidden here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Wow! This is not a place where you can use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread.
It's not necessary to bring her gender expression into this. Beauty is subjective
I don't think it's nice to call people that even if you disagree with that. Lets just let each other think differently.
Please don't use racist remarks thanks
I don't think it's cool of you to word it that way. I get that you think differently but wish you would leave it at that.
Woah! Please refrain from using language that is viewed as offensive or derogatory. Thanks for understanding!
Using words that have historically been associated with discrimination and degradation does not make your point stronger.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Let's bring about a change that it should be an equal rights movement
Please refrain from using words that are derogatory and offensive to groups of people. Instead use a more universally accepted term!
Please be careful in the words you choose and try to be respectful of all races genders and ethnicities. Thanks for understanding!
Your post uses speech that disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your post or the discussion in this thread
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
This post contains sexist language this is not acceptable.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This post contains sexist and homophobic language. It does not belong on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The foul language doesn't make your point any more valid than it would be with out using it.
Please do not use sexist language on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Demeaning someone based on their gender is not ok
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Mocking someone based on a disability is not ok
Insulting someone based on gender isn't acceptable
This is just a collection of confused stereotypes and I'm not sure what purpose it serves.
I don't think anyone is crazy and we all have just have different opinions.
You shouldn't use stories like this to reinforce your hate of women.
There are better ways to describe something besides resorting to name calling.
These woman give us bad names.
I'm not sure if this is meant as a joke or not
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
I am trying to figure out what Negan has to do with this.
It's really not necessary to say something so insulting to women when you're having a random argument.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I was with you up until the name calling. Totally not necessary to make your valid point.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Right. I cannot stand this either. As a woman I'm annoyed when female characters are forced into the story.
That word isn't ok here or anywhere
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that have historically been used against targeted groups. Thanks for understanding!
Non- (insert location here) natives comment on all sorts of things. It would be helpful to know from natives of a place what is going on.
Please take caution in the words you use when speaking to other users! These types of words can be seen as derogatory and offensive.
n/a
Yoko Ono fifty percent to blame for the world's lack of the Beatles?
Adoption is a wonderful right in our country. It isn't that nobody wants a child due to race it's that the numbers of children are high.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. Avoid such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I hated when people did this in NYC or use orange cones like I'm not going to move it. But be more respectful when speaking of women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I always say that these arguments should stay out of gaming because some games reflect history and their changing it to be untrue.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
I don't think mental illness is the reason someone made this suggestion. However I do agree that no sane adult needs a curfew.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to call someone gay. And if they are
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I disagree with using that word and it's okay if we have different opinions.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Please show restraint in your argument and avoid personal attacks. You weaken your position by doing otherwise. Thank you.
Please do not use that vulgar sexual term when referring to women.
We ask that you refrain from using that term out of respect for our female participants.
Please do not use a persons sexual orientation as a term of hate.
You have been banned from this reddit. You can appeal your ban with our moderators.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to an argument.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult on this post
I believe their are more appropriate accurate and less offensive ways to phrase that.
For all of our hard working female members we ask that you find a more intelligent and respectful way to phrase your protests.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion
Using hateful misogynistic language adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Whoa
These terms are very derogatory and should not be used.
Your aunt seems to need some education about who is spreading what where.
This term is offensive towards women and an alternative word should be considered.
Drunk fighting with the police is uncalled for but still don't she doesn't deserve a punch in the face.
I understand your argument
Sexuality trends seem to be media driven lately.
It's almost impossible to follow any of your arguments with all of the vulgarities going on.
Do not make generalizations about people based on their nationality. Some of these terms are attacks on women and the disabled.
Awww it's so cute how you are all omniscient about this situation. Girl might or might not.
Suicide rates among veterans are 22 per day. Might look into rates for female versus male veterans.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded being used as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
Using retarded as a general insult is hateful to a large group of people do not use it here
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to different political parties.
Do not refer to women using that sexual vulgar term.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities to describe a situation doesn't enhance my understanding.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others from the feed.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and phsycial disabilities and review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
please don't make offensive remarks thanks
We must insist that such terms not be used. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your bans by emailing a moderator. Thank you and have a great day.
Please do not make offensive remarks
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
That's one of the most hateful example of verbal abuse in the English language I'd avoid it.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
I would avoid that term everyone has a gift and the world would be better off if we recognized it.
I think it's difficult to understand what's going on without knowing the full context.
Hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
That term has a lot of pain and suffering tied to it make rethink using it.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
While you argue with robots and people who were minding their own business please remember that words can cause real harm.
Language that demeans based on race is not ok
Friendly reminder that using the n-word is inappropriate in pretty much any context
I think I understand what you're trying to say
Language that demeans based on religion is not ok
I'm not sure what's going on here
Hey please consider using "ridiculous" or "stupid" instead of the r-word
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hating on women and calling them the C word isn't cool.You can't assume that she would make a false rape allegation based on only that
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger white cunt) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid people" now.
Don't make offensive comments about people thank you.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid" now.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women in a hateful manner and also being deliberately sexist in last comment.
You all should both agree that you are terrible people and move on with your lives but do it somewhere other than here.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Full ret--d" seeks to debase people by directing hate at the mentally disabled; please refrain for using such locutions here.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the term "c---" and its variants pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; try to substitute a less hateful term.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. Racist language is also not allowed.
Use a euphemism rather than the "n word" to avoid such a potentially offensive term.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Using that word does not help your argument.
Please do not use language that is used to demote women just as an insult. It weakens your argument and is ignorant.
I understand your point but it's very hard to agree with it when you use that word.
Dismissing people's feelings because of a quality they posses is unfair. They deserve respect for thier opions whether or not you agree.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using such derogatory and hateful words. Instead make your point with more universally accepted words!
Please take caution in you word choice - these types of words can be considered offensive and derogatory!
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
SJW\'s may have their issues but explain further. Saying someone is "retarded" doesn\'t exactly explain your point.
Not all people who consider themselves SJWs may be mentally disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Both of you need to stop
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
There is nothing wrong with a woman wanting to express herself
Your account is temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct. Your suspension can be appealed by emailing a Mod.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Bitch" has been used for centuries to tell women who have an opinion to shut up and that it doesn\'t matter what they think or feel
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account bans with a Moderator. In the meantime please review our user policies
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the thread.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Wow! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality on this post.
Do not use a disability to insult others and do not use that sexually vulgar term on these posts.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Do not respond with sexually vulgar terms when posting on someones gender.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or gender is not ok.
Do not diminish a view point on genders and do not use hateful terms regarding disability and sexual orientation.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Don't use racist and sexual choices as insults.
Way to fight  the use of a bad term with the use of another bad term.
This exchange creates the stench of hate speech directed on the basis of race and sexual preference. This forum is not a place for either.
Even though what she said was wrong
Your language is not appropriate especially given the violent undertones for this forum.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Even though I don't agree with her actions
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Believe me I understand your argument.  But know that you point is diluted with the offensive language.  People only focus on that.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
There's no reason to shame others based on how they look.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
I am sympathetic to your anger but I can't engage with you further if you continue to use slurs.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
I know we have differing opinions and wish you wouldn't use those words to describe people. Lets just leave it there.
Terms like "b-tch" and \'c--t" directed at women are hateful hostile and must be avoided here.
Please avoid personal attacks and offensive language. It is easily possible to point out her moral failings without being rude.
Please don't use that word to define people. I understand what you are saying but wish you didn't use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I know you're angry but please avoid using that word. It only creates more hate.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is unacceptable. Further use will find you permanently banned.
Hey
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are terms of hate whe used pejoratively; they are not permitted here.
First and final warning avoid using such terms in your criticism or we will have no choice but to suspend your account.
I get that you're frustrated but I wish you didn't use those words to say it.
"Re---ded" and "ret--ds
As pointed out it's okay to disagree but not okay to engage in personal attacks. This is your first warning now play nice.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or feggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Retard" and "faggot" are harmful terms used to demean intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and should be avoided.
Woah! Please refrain from using words that are considered derogatory or hateful. Your point can be made using universally accepted words.
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words to make your point instead of words that promote bigotry and hatred. Thank you!
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please take caution in the words you use - your point can be made in a more universally accepted manner. Thanks for understanding!
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to call people names and attacking their race. They're not harming you in any way.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their religion and making false accusations.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Making fun of a serious health condition is not the way to get your point across.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
The same way calling someone what you just called them is allowed.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That word doesn\'t mean "stupid
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using an anti-female slur to describe your displeasure isn't cool.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Female main characters can be just as good as males.
Racist language and homophobic language is not allowed.
People of color and gay people do not deserve this.
Women are very capable of doing the job so it is you that will lose.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Stop using a gender based insult.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Please persons with disabilities. Refrain from hate speech so that we can all continue to enjoy Reddit. This is a first warning.
This post has sexist language please do not post that.
We appreciate users passion in expressing their opinions but must insist on refraining from hate speech. Thank you.
This post is sexist please do not use such language.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account suspension by emailing a Moderator.
Please do not use sexist language.
Such terms are not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a final warning before further action is taken.
Hello this is a friendly reminder that the words you've used are incredibly offensive. Diversity in our world is very important!
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Hello just a reminder that women and minorities experience oppression daily and your words do not help. Perhaps you should rephrase.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their  gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Your choice of words are politically incorrect. Maybe you should rephrase and say "those with an intellectual disability."
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I think you should rephrase your sentence. The word you have used is incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
words like idiot and psychopathic are considered to be offensive as they directly attack people with mental disabilities
Your sentence doesn't even make sense even without the hateful word choice.
Being feminine does not mean someone has low intellect no point of trying to bring others down.
Not sure what's going on here
The anti-female slur does nothing to enhance your argument here.
Just because someone supports a particular candidate such as Trump doesn't mean they are not smart.
We could start the change in language with decreasing the hate speech in this post.
Disagreeing with the way someone acts is fine but there is no reason to call them names just because they are in the wrong.
Watch the language please. This isn't necessary.
Using that word to mean "stupid" is ignorant and mocks a severe medical illness.
Maybe the poster did not understand it was satire no need to get angry over it.
Although what they said was offensive there is no need to stoop to there level and start calling them names.
Even when you are annoyed about someone's actions it is not okay to use offensive words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving anything.
When posting reviews in this forum use polite language an avoid hate speech or offensive language.
Using hate speech against the people you disagree with is not helping anything.
Offensive language is not allowed in this forum.
Generalizing a whole gender based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Your point becomes invalid when you use a word like that.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that slur.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I understand you have a point you want to make but using that word cheapens it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using those words reflects poorly on your character.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Try to be more respectful of the mother in law. I know mine is a pain too but without her you wouldn't be in love with their child.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
We all can agree to disagree but one thing I feel 100% on is that we ALL need to respect our President.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
I don't think this is true at least not federally. But if it is there must be a reason for it.
Name calling something you dislike isn't going to fix the situation.
Please avoid using female genitalia as an insult on posts.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use a persons mental disability as a way to be hurtful
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
There is no reason to use a persons disability as an insult
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Wow. Do not use sexual orientation or female genitalia as a way to be rude.
Using the words 'tranny cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult to others
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Both "Ret--d(ed)" and "fa--ots" cause offense to many and so are not allowed here. Please refrain from using them.
It's very difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
I'd like to continue this discussion but it's hard when you use that kind of language.
Using  "ret--ds" ret--ded" and "f-gs" and mindlessly expressing reflexive hatred toward LGBTQ persons are offensive and banned here.
When you use that kind of language it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Both the term "ret--d" and senseless misogyny are banned in this forum.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument.
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Don't use faggot as an insult
broad generalizations based on stereotypes and paranoia only discredit those who spread them.
Just because someone likes the same sex or has a different opinion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
name calling using offensive slurs carries your argument into the gutters of human interaction and losing all credibility.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
nonsensical racial are still racist and a waste of the oxygen you breath
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
That may be true but let's not try to speculate about her mental capabilities
Since you're already correcting someone try using a different word altogether.
Please dont use that word. It's very offensive.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
That's a word I think we all would agree doesn't need to be thrown around here. They're just people.
I doubt a person's mental capabilities is the issue here.
hey derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
This conversation thread includes many words that are hurtful to women. There was a crime but these words affect all women.
There are other ways to express your opinion that do not include damaging words.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
This conversation does include examples of the "gendered slurs" mentioned. These words used are hurtful to women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
While you may not like that person that word to describe them is offensive.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
In a video game environment people must still be respectful and use acceptable language. The language used here would not be included.
Using a slur to defend using slurs is pretty meta. I support banning offensive language as it can actually hurt people
Please do not use a mental disability when voicing your opinions.
Do not use a mental disability to voice your frustrations.
Gatekeeping is only harmful to the community a person is whatever they identify as and ableist slurs only make it worse
Do not use that mental disability as an insult to others voicing their opinions.
Even though those actions are reprehensible it only deters from your point when you degrade to name calling
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a person.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add meaning and it's emotionally charged hate is distracting.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
Adding words emotionally charged with hate doesn't add meaning.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Even if a woman is at fault
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Words that are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities aren't helpful.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to insult people based on disability status while responding to post.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and I'm sure most people wouldn't use that to describe this.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful terms about people based on race of disability while talking about video games.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disabilities while responding to post.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Unwarranted to use hateful terms based on gender while expressing opinion.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful terms about people with a disability in response to post.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability does not belong in meaningful conversation.
Please be careful with the words you choose and opt for universally accepted words instead of those that have derogatory connotations.
Woah! Please refrain from using words and terms that are considered offensive and derogatory. Thanks for understanding.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on posts
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that promote bigotry and can be considered derogatory and offensive. Thanks for understanding!
Stop using a persons mental disability as a way to insult others
Please avoid using that vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using terms that are considered derogatory and offensive. Instead opt for a more universally accepted term!
Stop using that sexually crude word to refer to women.
please refrain from using offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
please dont use offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
please dont use offeinsive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
There is no need for the derogatory he/she's just trying to keep the forum clean.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
That has nothing to do with the fact all kids have potential. I don't think it's equal
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others. Please be more respectful.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
There's no reason to use profanity. Nobody is harming you in any way.
I'd be more open to your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language.
use of the C-word only diminishes your argument; if you left that out you may even garner som sympathy!
When you use those types of slurs in immediately invalidates your argument.
Use of the C-word is just not necessary; expand your vocabulary and your credibility too!
Hey there is no place for that vulgar term here. Don't refer to women in that way.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Use of the C-word only diminishes your argument you made a really good point by but using the C-word you lost your credibility!
It's hard to take your point seriously when you use that slur.
using the word retarded to express negativity hasn't been acceptable in decades; expand your vocabulary and your credibility!
It makes me disregard your perspective when I see you using words like those.
The judge is wrong here. This lady should of been put in for at least 30 days to see how it feels.
Do not use that sexually impolite word when referring to women.
They don't hate her. They just don't agree with her decisions. We all have that in our family.
Think before posting on this feed. Do not use crude terms regarding sexual genitalia
The rape culture is so stupid. But we also cannot condone assault. We need to all get along; Adults.
Please do not use that crude term when voicing your frustrations.
The cops are supposed to be professional. We need to respect them too.
Do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words on posts.
Honestly I'm a woman and yes men are on average taller than us. Nothing wrong with stating a fact but nicely.
Refrain yourself from using that vulgar sexual term when posting.
The secret agenda for equality for everyone and not just certain people... Truly a fate worse than death.
Somebody defending rights of people with disabilities should not use words that hurt that same group of people.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
With that language you have a better chance with a sewage grate than any lady.  Just saying.
This is very offensive language that promotes rape culture and the idea that women are perpetually sexually available to men.
If your goal was to prove you aren't a troll you have surely failed.
The language used is a slur against people in the LGBTQ+ community and is unnecessary.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
your bad language cheapens your point now no one is listening because they think you're just hateful
This was a strong reaction to a very reasonable suggestion.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words would make it more pleasurable to read the post.
Theres no reason to use that language. Just because you dont agree with them.
Name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
I agree just go to a designated place and dissent.
We ask that you consider what you said more carefully. Hate speech will not be tolerated on Reddit. Thank you. Final warning.
The entire male and female divide is out of hand. I don't even know how it got this far. All I want is equal pay men can have the rest.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. This is your first and final warning. Choose your words more carefully in the future.
It's hard to take your perspective seriously when you use that word.
This may not have been the most moral individual but you can't extrapolate that behavior to all women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
A word for a female should not be a putdown for a man.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Your argument would be better accepted if you didn't use that word.
This particular slur is a harmful put-down for those with mental or intellectual disabilities. The term is outdated.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use those sorts of words.
This slur causes harm to women. There are better insults out there that do not employ race gender ableism or other discrimination.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to aid your argument and adds nothing to the discussion
All of these people are victims and you shouldn't be using this story to spread hate.
Insults based on gender are not ok
while it is totally justified to be upset about situations like this can we please remember to use language that is not offensive to women?
Insults based on gender are not ok
it should not however be a privilege to not be verbally harassed online. please use nicer language
Insults based on gender are not ok
her would be a nicer word choice
while your point may be valid it would be better received without language of that nature
Hey
Try to reevaluate the language you have chosen to use. How does it make people feel?
Even if she was wrong hate attacks tolerance and acceptance. Calling her derogatory names will not help solve this or any other situation
Hey everyone
This language is not necessary to prove your point.
People can disagree without defaming one another. It does nothing to validate your stance in the argument & makes you look ignorant.
Your language here is unnecessary. You can prove your point all the same using respectful language.
Churchill's description does not illustrate issues you have with him. Elaborating without vulgarity could explain more clearly. Thank you.
Your language here is not necessary. You can still make your point without using those terms!
You're statements are not clear & hard to understand. Further attacking the victim does not provide any solutions to help this situation.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I don't think we need to talk like that to be effective.
You could get your message across better speaking like a grown up.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I think you can replace that word with something less offensive and more meaningful. Stop that.
There are more appropriate terms that should replace the terms used.
I think calling them mentally or intellectually disabled get the point across more effective. No reason to speak like that at all.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
You could say 'white idiots'. You may make a good point but I can't tell based on the distracting random slurs.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Hmm would have been a good joke without the bad language.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
While I understand your outrage this is not an appropriate way to respond to such news.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
It's easy to sit and pass judgement on reddit while calling women names right?
Language that attacks a race is not allowed.
You can put this point across without the vulgarity or profanity too
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Serving in military should have given your more sense than to call people names and oh thank you for your service not.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Can't this be said without calling people retards or idiots?
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Even casual use of the term "ret--d" is offensive and best avoided here.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Lol
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you want your argument to be taken seriously you shouldn't use that language so casually.
a whole convo on a touchy subject dealt with in civil manner and you throw out the 'r' word so you dont have to think. you can do better.
Please do not talk down to others beliefs in religion and do not use a mental impairment as an insult.
This is not a feed that allows hateful terms that refer to sexual orientation and or religious affiliations.
It's startling that even when presented with the most empathetic possible connection that your answer is still violence.
cmon guys! every woman is not just sex parts and and avery man you dont like is not the 'r' word.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult and do not refer to women using that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Please separate your anger from the hateful comments toward innocent people.
I understand you want to get your point across but using that word doesn't help.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please obliterate the prejudicial comments and use more acceptable words.
It's a poor reflection of your character when you use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread.
Take out the damaging words and use kinder ones please.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation at all.
Please exclude the language that is distressing to others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Please cease the abusive talk and express your thoughts in a way that is less hurtful to others.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Please try to find a more intelligent word that isn't offensive to so many.
As a women I do believe men can be pushed aside during these times with STEM and it's wrong. But we must say so in a respectful way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Maybe if you explained that with less negativity the point would get across. Ladies do the same and we need to give the next guy a chance.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Spanish is the 2nd language in the USA and you'll make more money at most jobs if you learn it. I say learn 3 or 4 languages!
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I understand your argument but it's hard to agree with you when you use that word.
it's been decades since people used words describing homosexuals as negative descriptors get with the times!
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from your use of racist or homophobic slurs in your posts.  The contribute nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
All you're doing is trading insults so I am missing the basis of your argument.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
You're account has been suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your suspension by emailing a Moderator.
While you may have differing opinions from those you mock the language you're using to express these differences is unnecessary.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We respect your right to an opinion but insist that you refrain from using this term. Ty
Your opinion is important but please refrain from using ableist slurs when expressing your opinions.
We ask that you review our user policies concerning hate speech. In the future avoid such terms when commenting. Thank you.
Try using less graphic words to express your opinion please.
Out of respect for Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities we must insist you avoid such terms in the future. First warning. Ty
Please avoid using words that may be considered ableist by others.
Use of that word is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your comment includes language that can be harmful. Try using other words to express your point of view.
It's very difficult to follow your argument when you use that word.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
When you use those slurs it makes me immediately disregard your argument.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
You could make your point more effectively if you didn't use such offensive slurs.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using such a slanderous word to describe a woman shows a severe lack of respect.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you used is vulgar and affects more than just those you are meaning to refer to.
Name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
I know you are having an argument but you used offensive language that is harmful towards women. You should use better words in the future!
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The word choice you used is offensive to other women and not just to the woman you are referring to. There are better words to be used.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you have used is unnecessary and is offensive to women. Please use better word choice!
The term you have used is offensive to a whole community of people and you should refrain from using it again! It can be harmful.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Using the words 'twat and pussy' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex.
Using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Such terms and language are not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review your user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
We respect your right to your opinion but insist that you not employ such terms in the future. Thank you for your understanding.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from said term in the future. Thank you.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he lies a lot but the language is insulting to those that have real mental impairments and isn't fair.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Try to calm down and think this through rationally. Whatever the case a man should never attack a woman.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Guys can you please leave him alone
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
please don't make offensive remarks to people thanks
There are better ways to describe your disagreement than using sexist slurs.
I'm sure you don't mean to offend people with this serious medical condition.
Anti-female slurs don't help your argument.
That's just a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't think words like that need to be used.
Insults based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok
Offensive terms for females are not permitted.
All these false rap claims is out of control. They need to be put on their own list similar to sex offenders because their ruining lives.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Slang terms for female genitalia or mentally disabled not permitted
Every country is different. We cannot make a valid argument about punishment in Holland vs the USA; very different.
Hitler & Nazi references may be perceived as racially offensive and should be removed.  Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
I also wonder who exactly decides what is funny or offensive online.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted.  Racial/Pro-White remarks not permitted.
Good for them. At least they still are welcoming foreigners.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted
This is very interesting. It seems like the push in STEM may end up a repeat of what happened in the factories.
Use of a word that is derogatory is not helpful.
You may believe that you word used to stigmatise the mentally handicapped is not offensive but those suffering do. Please use another word.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is charged emotionally with hate.
Kindly avoid language that stigmatises or otherwise excludes the mentally handicapped.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate.
Please refrain from using words that may stigmatise or victimise minority groups such as the mentally handicapped.
This comment is evidently homophobic including using historically pejorative language and in this way is harmful and hateful.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I am stating my own personal opinion which you may not agree with. This does not give you any right to speak to me in that kind of way.
What makes you think it's ok to call the OP such an offensive term
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I do not think it is appropriate or nice to be saying that. Please be respectful of others self identity.
This comment is violently homophobic condoning violence against gay people and using a hateful slur.
That language was unnecessary to convey your opinion. There are better ways to make your point.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Let's have more respect here. There is no need for speaking like that about an underage person especially.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
profanity and derogatory remarks are opinion not facts stick to the facts
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
grammar suggestions will be done without profanity
I'd like to hear more of your perspective but it's hard to understand when you use that language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
constructive arguments are done without being combative
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
conversations here are done without batter
It's difficult to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
bulling is not stopped by being over assertive
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Some women are manly and they are important for today's society.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans based on gender is not ok
I feel like the word 'Retard' is an extremely hurtful word to use when describing someone you don't care for.
You shouldn't be insulting people who don't have the same opinions as you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I understand you don't agree with what is going on
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of a word derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
I don't believe hate of all women is a justified critique of one woman.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help to add meaning.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
The use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities adds a negative emotional charge and does not add any meaning.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add to an argument.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Using hateful misogynistic language is adding nothing to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic or sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to this conversation.
This doesn't concern the mentally ill there are other ways to define them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
If your point is correct it'll come through without name calling or slurs.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
You don't need to make your case in such a negative way.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Wakanda doesn't exist because there are no magical super materials. No one can make a Wakanda.
That's racist and no one thinks movies are real.
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
rHey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That word is extremely rude and disrespectful towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Silencing an entire group of people just because they don't agree with you shows your close-mindedness and unwillingness to debate issues
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Don't use sexual choices as an insult.
"Fa--ot" as used here cause offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Don't use a gender based insult.
Both rampant misogyny and the pejorative use of the word "c--t" are offensive unthinking and hateful; all are forbidden here.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I might choose a different adjective it offends people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Your description is not appropriate because it offends  people that care for and support them.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
I would avoid using that term It alienates and excludes them.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the conversation of the sub.
When you pepper your speech with that description you are spreading hurt.
What is being said may or may not be true but basing it all on their race is morally wrong.
Using foul language doesn't make a point of view any more valid.
The laws I been hearing about regarding women in UK not going to jail for non-violent crimes is sad.
Name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Well she shouldn't be leaving it behind but calling her that name is wrong too.
The foul language and name calling have absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand.
We ask that you practice tolerance in your choice of terms as well and avoid such offensive terms in the future. Thank you.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. We thank you for your understanding.
Your post can be written without using sexist language.
We ask that you express your ire using less offensive terms. We understand anger and debate we do not tolerate hate here. Thank you
For the sake of fellow female Redditors we ask you to not use such terms. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it's difficult to digest when you use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
It's very hard to have this conversation with you when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
I understand your anger
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
I think your point would come across better if you didn't use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your comment if you didn't use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You should not use that term when voicing your opinion on others.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others or others political stance.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different beliefs than you.
Abstain from using a mental impairment as an insult.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Woah! Please do not compare others when using a term regarding mental disability.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Words derogatory towards men that are homosexual and women aren't necessary to add meaning.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
The word 'retarded' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and the language here constitutes hate speech towards women.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Calling a person a n****r and making horrible claims about eating their own children is racist hate speech and is unacceptable.
Racist language is not allowed.
I don't believe there has ever been a situation that warranted the use of a word that is derogatory to all women.
The word 'cunt' is deragatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
A word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning; it is emotionally charged with hate.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
No need to insult disabled people while disagreeing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of hateful language regarding women was unwarranted.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please show more respect for your fellow female Redditors by choosing less offensive terms. Thank you for your cooperation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Reddit does not tolerate the use of such language. To avoid bans and supspended accounts please use better judgement in the future. Ty
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Language people we're better than that. We ask that you respect your fellow redditors in the future.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you consider word choice in the future. Free speech doesn't have to alienate people. Thank you for your understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you engage in civil debate and refrain from using such profanity. We would rather avoid further action. Thank you.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Instead of using an offensive word
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Your thoughts and opinions would carry more weight if you would focus more on your point and less on name calling.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it.
That word has no place in vocabulary anymore. Mike Pence isn't any better or worse than any other person either.
Quoting the "n word" here is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
One's heritage and feelings are no joke. Opinions will always vary on historical events but they all have a place as they are our past.
Using words like 'cunt' only make your views less valid.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the "tw-t" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using such language to describe a woman shows one's true character.
Please hold police officers in equality not basing off of gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
It is okay to not agree but please respect other's sexual orientation.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Please refrain from using the 'r' word when describing your stance as it is a sensitive word for a protected class.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Excise the noxious commentary please from your conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please take out the slurs at people and be more gentle in your words.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Avoid using the damaging remarks and state your feelings with more compassion please.
You're talking about respect
No need to call her those things when she is still underage and learning how the world works.
More negativity thru words or violence will not help him in this situation.
Name calling and suggesting violent behavoir speaks to one's true character.
Some good arguments but when you blast someone or group it sorta defeats your argument.
There are certainly more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Not all women are like that. People just like what they like and that's just how it is.
If you don't like his content you need to see it. Very simple to find something else you may like.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation or your argument.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you did not use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing in any productive way to the discussion.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use these types of slurs.
Please refrain from the use of racist slurs in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Woah! This language is considered derogatory - please try to use more universally accepted terms when referring to groups of people
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute anything of value to the discussion.
Please be careful in the words you use when speaking with other users. These types of names can be considered offensive!
If you want people to know what you mean why don't you use accurate language.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
What occured here has nothing do do with anyone's label of mother or daughter.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok.
There are better ways to decribe a place than resorting to foul language.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
How ironic that you're supporting women
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the discussion or the sub.
You're trying to convince your coworker to see your point
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or contributing to the discussion
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please use more respectful language when expressing your opinions. We thank you in advance for your understanding.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Refrain from such language please. Reddit is for everyone and we ask that you express your dissent respectfully.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Persons with disabilities. We insist that you remain civil in your discourse. Thank you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language people. Such terms are not acceptable on Reddit. This is your first warning. We appreciate your cooperation.
Using the "c---" term malevolently and hate-fueled speech toward women are offensive and should be avoided.
shit she did daredevil and West Wing it cant be that bad
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean their opinion is not as valid.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
"Re---ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Using the "c---(y)" and "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Develop software the doesn't allow users to use foul language (cunt)
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation.
Don't allow users to even have the ability to use foul language
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I get your point but watch the language.  It's really offensive.
Insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok
If you are going to join in on a legit conversation you might want to watch your language because it dilutes your arguments.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Insults based on disability are not ok
I get your argument but watch some of the offensive terms a little.  You can still make your points without resorting to vulgarities.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Insults based on gender are not ok
You're certainly entitled to your opinion but please watch the language.  Some of those words are quite offensive.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of this sub.
It's disturbing that it's presented as a funny joke to make racist insults here.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean that they deserve death.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
I think you need to take a deep breath and consider when you started talking to people this way.
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language  in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
It must be exhausting to be on the lookout for people to behave this way toward.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language as it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Think about how this girl would feel if she knew that you were talking about her this way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to made fun of.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or productive to the discussion.
There's no need to respond so violently to someone even if they are insulting you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Calling others names is a childish way to describe them.
I don't see how using language like that gets your point across.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
This is one of the least intelligent conversations I've ever seen on Reddit.
Using foul language doesnt make your point anymore valid than it would be without it.
Yeah I second User 17. User 20 I'm sure you would not like to go to court for your opinion.
Using foul language and calling others names shows your true character.
Let's not resort to racism here guys. candada is a great place.
Calling someone a foul name speaks volumes about your character.
That's really unkind this guy has a life.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
OK people tone it down.  This is a family website.  Thank you for keeping it clean and G-rated..
I agree that people can act wrong sometimes but it's no reason to use that type of language that's unfair to those demographics of people.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women and people with intellectual disabilities.
I agree but please there are kids on this site.  Please watch the language.  Thank you.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it family friendly on here please.
I'm sorry your mom went through such a hard time with her husband and gets caught into a stereotype because of it.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it clean on here.  We're a family friendly website and we wish to keep it that way.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to tone down the language please.  There are children present.  Thank you.
I don't think that is necessary!
You do not need to use offensive language to convey your message.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
You don't need to use degrading language.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your post.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Just because she is a woman doesn't mean you have to use degrading language.
Using hateful misogynistic language is not contributing anything productive or valuable to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the vulgar language.
Delving into ad hominems instead of refuting an argument substantively is the easiest way to show you're losing the discussion. Reel it back
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than create pointless arguments.
Using "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
We ask that you refrain from hate speech when expressing your opinions. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you.
Using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you choose your words more carefully and review our user policies. Ty.
The malevolent hateful and reflexive use of "re---ds" evidenced here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone including those with disabilities. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
The malevolent  and reflexive use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone. We insist that you not use that term again. This is a first warning. Thank you for your understanding.
The pejorative use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
We ask that everyone on Reddit refrain from hate speech and maintain civil discourse. This is a first warning. Thank you for understanding.
I get what you're saying but using that word really hinders your argument.
His logic is misguided if anything but he has a point.
Language that demeans based on disability isn't acceptable
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Demeaning someone because of gender isn't ok
Agreed we shouldn't make rash statements about others based on a limited amount of data.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retardation" as used here offends many and so should be avoided.
Regardless of current words it would be useful for us as a society to tailor our language to better represent all of our members.
Avoid language that imparts agression. Refrain from using language that is dergatory towards certain poopulations (i.e. devlopmental disable
and rampant misogyny
Rather than dwell on outrage energy is better spent understanding why we take issue with these things and how we may improve them.
Refrain from using sexually explicit language
"bi--h
and rampant misogyny
She is unjustified in that behavior but a more level-headed approach to justice will have longer-standing effects.
Avoid using profanity gender-biased terms  and sexually exploitive descriptors.
Avoid intimidating language avoid profane and dergatory terms.  Avoid degrading terms especially when directied at people.
Politics aside remember that they are people beyond their ideologies.
Avoid profane language when referncing individuals.   Look for replacements for profanity and use socially appropriate substitutes.
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there homophobic and derogatory are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
hey there homophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank You
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using a derogatory term to describe people you don't like also makes fun of those with mental disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone is not as smart as you does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because somebody likes the same sex does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone has a different belief than you does not mean your opinion is better than theirs.
Ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When expressing your opinion we must insist you not use that term. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Thank you in advance.
Hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Although we understand the self reference out of respect to fellow Redditors we must insist you not use that term in the future. Ty
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Hate speech is not tolerated. Your account is suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage of said term will result in account suspension. Please review our user policies.
Hi there Sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
This thread is closed and your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you don't like isn't going to help anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike isn't going to change anything.
Its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone's beliefs doesn't mean their opinion is less valid than yours.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be much more open to discussing this with you if you didn't use that word.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I'd be inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
I can't continue this conversation with you if you continue to use offensive words.
Maybe but using "c--t" offends most people communicates only ignorance and so is not welcome here.
I understand your point but I can't agree with you when you use that word.
That's a offensive term
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) . Refrain from such words.
Please do not stereotype people by age.
Please do not use derogatory phrases to stereotype people.
Its inappropriate to use terms that refer to one's mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Ok this language isn't appropriate. Watch it please.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or one that demeans a person's race does not promote understanding.
This language is absolutely disgusting. I'm speechless. You need to reevaluate your life choices.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
This whole conversation is ridiculous but please watch your language.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
This language is marginal. You're toeing a line.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender or disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on nationality or race are not ok
You probably shouldn't try to combat one kind of hate with another kind of hate.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think we're all past using something this hurtful in a serious discussion.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with makes fun of the people with actual mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Please don't share hurtful stereotypes specifically to foment hate against Arabic people.
Judging an entire race or religion on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they're less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the words 'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I wasn't sure a man could be a feminist until I read an article recently. It seems there's actually a lot of men who agree with the ideas.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
As a female I also think Kavanaugh was used as a pawn and was never guilty of rape.
Your argument is greatly hindered by the use of that word.
I don't think she was wrong for leaving the note but she could of been a bit nicer about her words.
When you use that word it makes me not want to listen to your perspective.
The more people keep buying into these corporations the more products their going to make. We are actually the problem.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Don't use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
That is a bit extreme. So as a female I can do anything I want except a major crime and not go to jail; not a good idea.
I understand you have a point you want to make but when you use that word it's hard to want to listen.
Generalizing an entire country like that is false and unnecessary. It is also never okay to suggest suicide just because you don't agree
A better response to user 5's verbal attack would have been to simply ignore rather than strike back based on their country of origin.
This post targets a user based on their national origin please do not do this.
Just because you don't agree does not mean that you should call into question someone's intelligence with an ableist slur
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Even if she can't get her projects done
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.
Expressing a a thought does not require the use of bigotry to be heard.
Please do not use homophobic and sexist remarks in your posts.
Please don't make abusive remarks to people thanks
Though you may not realize it the word choice you have used is incredibly vulgar and can be offensive to women. Use better words!
Please don't make sexist remarks thanks
This is incredibly offensive to women and your word choice needs to be improved to prevent harm. It hurts more people than you think.
Please don't make abusive remarks thanks
The word choice you are using is very insulting and vulgar especially since it targets women and rights. You need to use better words!
Let's find out what the penalties are for men and women in this situation.
Keep the language civilized and we will all enjoy your contributions to the conversation.
I don't think we know what she actually got.  Did she say she needed help?
Hateful language hurts the discussion...Please try again.
I think there are some things we can agree on let's focus on that.
Please be civilized in the conversation here.
I think not everyone would be interested just because she is a woman.
Keep the language civil to promote a more thoughtful dialogue please.
I don't think that you can make a blanket statement like that what are the examples?
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving any problems.
You should really apologize and not act so entitled yourself.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
Making fun of someone or using their disability no matter how serious is pretty shallow.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Name calling someone isn't going to change the situation.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Calling someone names based on their gender is just a reflection of your character which seems to be pretty shallow.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
start a conversation about why men judge women harder than they would another man
I have no idea why you guys think talking like that helps your case or argument. Stop it.
But that doesn't mean it's the right thing to say. It doesn't take that much extra effort to use less hateful language.
ban users who use hate speech
That term doesn't have a place anywhere. Stop it.
"c--t" and "ret--ded
and the venomous hatred in which they are embedded here
Smell is a perfectly normal body function being offended by it is like being offended that the wind blows!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Or maybe she was so terrified that she just can't remember.  You weren't there so you can't say what actually happened or not.
Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The intellectually delayed have nothing to do with this and there is nothing wrong with wanting fair and equal treatment for everyone!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
No women will not be silent! Our anatomy proudly queefs in your general direction loudly!
Shitc--t" used here is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You have no right to be happy over this it is a failure of our justice system for both sides and your impudent rage at her isn't helping.
Dang
There is no reason to use such hate speech. Your post will be reported and if this continues you will be banned.
If you continue to use this kind of speech we will be forced to report and ban you from future use.
You can talk about these people in a better way without that word. Using that word only detracts from your otherwise helpful comment
Your post is meaningless and devoid of any content nor does it even match the OP. Additionally hashtags do nothing on Reddit
Yet again
"Retard" and "retarded" are hateful words that are used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I can't stop laughing that you are worried. Pretty sure more girls out here looking for a relationship than her. Go look.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt
When in doubt
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
You must not know the actual definition of feminism.
This is an inappropriate way to share your thoughts. It sounds like you have a disagreement with the media. Could you rephrase your point?
I don't understand why people with disabilities are a part of this conversation.
The truth is the truth.
I understand you are tired of the recent conspiracy-trend; there is at times truth to the concern though. Can you elaborate more?
A lot of your commentary is unnecessary. With that said I would like to hear more about the actual content of your comment.
Why do you feel threatened?
I don't think some of what's being noted here is applicable. Can you elaborate further on your thoughts regarding gender inequality?
This isn't harming you in any way
Do not generalize.
There are a lot of opinions here and a lot of disagreement about certain terminology. Perhaps we could talk more about the need for this?
Using language that offends people through bigotry and gender terms as well as intelligence is useless and does not help.
I would appreciate if you didn't use such hateful speech to express your disagreement
The language is completely inappropriate and should not be used as it attacks women and is distasteful.
Hey I understand your point but it would probably be a bit stronger without the extra insults!
Using language with cuss words offends people and some words can be a direct attack to people with different orientations. Try to avoid it.
I think it would be more helpful if you expressed your counter-argument without hate speech
When one uses language that attacks intelligence that is in the realm of specials needs it is harassment and is not accepted.
I think you could reach your target a little better without the extra insults - if you could clarify what you meant by those.
Racist words are not socially acceptable in society anymore and need to be avoided at all costs.
You are being temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your point.
I understand that you have a point to make but it's very hard to commiserate with you when you use that word.
Just because you do not like something such as a major doesn't make it right to look down on others.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
While your feelings are valid we ask that you use less offensive terms out of respect. Your fellow female Redditors thank you.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word.
*Homophobia has entered the chat*
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I think delusional hotpocket has a tastier meaning.
The fact that you responded in such a way makes me wonder if you and your mom have a good relationship. I think you need a hug.
I agree she is in the wrong but this anti-female slur isn't necessary.
Speaking such foul names about women shows a serious lack of respect.
That is not a very articulate description and is actually highly offensive.
Foul language doesn't make your point of view any more valid.
The post was funny but your hateful comment wasn't necessary.
Name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
This man was clearly disabled and it's so sad this happened to him. I pray he finds real love.
Let's get back to the fact she spit on a cop. I don't care what color or race she is. That is disrespectful and deserves jail.
Hate speech is a reflection of the person it's coming from.
All this for a logo. Come on now let's be adults. If we don't the logo than stay away from their stuff. Don't buy it or buy into the drama.
Please stop this name calling it completely drags down what was an otherwise good discussion.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Women have often played a huge role in war and using an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence does nothing to further your argument
I haven\'t seen these lies you are referring to and while that accusation was weird the "r" word is hurtful to use especially in context
Obesity is a serious medical condition and shaming isn't going to help those suffering though gendered insults aren't the proper response
Someone's weight has nothing to do with this. I don't see the connection at all.
Calling someone a name based on their gender is a bit of an odd way to show disdain for their attitude
It wasn't stupid but it did need more relevant content.
I've never heard anyone on the left using SJW like thatusing an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence is hurtful to people with autism
Interesting I didn't know there was a modern and old school feminist difference.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Don't use a medical condition based insult.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you don't like puts down those people with actual mental disabilities.
Even if this is a true account one person hurting you does not mean you should hurt them.
This is a damaging view of women that is likely to harm your relationships.
I wish that you would prioritize the rule of law over your ideology.
Poor kid. She is only 17 years old and doesn't know their customs. She will never make it.
I can understand your anger but her actions aren't because of her gender so please don't be insulting in that way.
My ex was a couple inches shorter than me. It isn't a big deal. You get used to it after a while.
While you may be trying to be humorous using those terms they're offensive to one's race and even disabilities.
I have zero gay friends but honestly I want one!  The men have better taste than the female friends I do have!
It's fine to feel secure in your sexual preference and manhood but please don't insult someone because of their sexual preference.
I understand you're position but using these negative terms will not help your cause.
When you refer to feminists with such vile names it only supports their point which I assume isn't your agenda.
Wow that is a little bit pushing it... I mean the kid is going to have a record over spilled milk.
I can see you would like attention and that's fine but maybe try a different way than using a term offensive to women.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using words insulting people basedon a qulaity they have no control over is an exguahsted insult. It is not helpful to anyone.
Woah! Please be careful in the words that you use - maybe try a less derogatory more universal term instead. Thank!
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to help anything.
Refering to women using language like that is insulting to half of the human race. Women desvere to be listen to and respected like everyone
Please be careful with the words you use! Your message point can be made using more universal terms. Thanks for understanding!
Just because you dislike something doesn't mean you should make fun of disabled people.
Using words that are used for people with disabilites furthers stigma against poeple with disabilites.It degrades people who deserve respect
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from their use and instead use more universal terms!
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using words that are used to degrade people with disablilites is ignorant and no need for your argument. It takes away from the argument.
Please be careful in the words you use! Instead we can use more universal names to make our points. Thanks for understanding!
That's a real kick out of making other people feel miserable.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
This language is hurtful to women and could be expressed in a much better way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
This language is unnecessary and hurtful to women.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
That particular term is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
This subReddit is being immediately closed. Please review the code of conduct and consider yourselves warned. Thank you.
You are being banned from this thread. We appreciate you making more respectful choices in the future. Thank you
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Persons with disabilities from now on please we appreciate your cooperation.
Just because you don't like something doesn't mean that its not important to someone else.
Imagine what we could do together to advance humanity rather than sitting behind screens name calling. Please rise above this.
Name calling people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Gay people are very intellectual and excel in whatever they do. Im not sure that is what u mean to imply with thatcomment. Please try again
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the words 'cunt and slut' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That's a pretty sorry response.  I can't even focus on your point because of the offensive language.
I think your argument makes sense but your point is getting diluted by the harsh language.  I'd back off it a bit.
I don't necessarily agree with what she was doing either but by using those abrasive words you are weakening your points.
I appreciate the explanation of the terms but maybe we can have a civilized conversation without the slang jargon.
I think your point is valid but I'd watch some of the derogatory terms because it detracts from your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I agree with you to a point but it's rather offensive to call others that word. It's ok to feel strongly about something but using slangisnt
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion or your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Hey can you refrain from saying that word it's not necessary and kind of offends me.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I get that you have strong feelings for her I've went through something similar with my girl but try to calm down a bit and think over thing
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Hey now try to calm down. Let's take this to the police and let them handle it.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.   It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this subreddit.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill or any other minority groups.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalize any minority groups such as lesbians in this case.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi not to call you out as much as just note language - it is way classier to be able to throw insults without slurs - and hits harder.
You could just say 'grow up to act spoiled and entitled
I don't understand why you gotta use slurs to talk about your disdain for this woman. She's already in the wrong.
Using language like that speaks volumes about one's character.
Try to rephrase your words. When you denigrate those with disabilities you are immediately less trustworthy.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Try not to put down those with disabilities. You will be taken much more seriously.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
When you use that term your argument becomes null and void.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I am pretty sure using that term doesn't help your argument.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Yeah that term doesn't really add anything to this so there's no point in using it.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
While I can agree with the sentiment
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using "Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hate-fueled words like "c--t" and "ret--d" are offensive bigoted and should not be used in political discourse here.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
"Ret---ation" and "ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families please avoid these terms.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Pejorative use of the word "dyke" can cause offence and detract from any point being made.
Please don't use words that are counterproductive and deleterious to others.
Stop using that vulgar term when talking about females and do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Please do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation on this feed.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
Please do not refer to women to that vulgar term and do not use that racist term regarding someones religion.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Do not use someones gender identity as an insult to others.
It's a shame you use a word like that as it makes it hard to listen to your point of view.
Hey I think you should watch your language...I'm sure the woman is extremely nice and a kind soul!
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything of value to the thread
There's plenty of ways to express yourself without profanity.
While false accusations are serious we should try to sympathize with those who ARE telling the truth. Hear their side of the story.
Using hateful sexist language isn't adding anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Hello! Just a friendly reminder that your words are offensive. There are so many reasons not to use the "R" or "C" words!
Please refrain from using ableist or sexist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
That word needs to be abolished from your vocabulary
This word is the ultimate insult and used to belittle others. I encourage you to look up the word's history. The results may surprise you.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about disabled people to express your opinion.
Your point would be received better if you didn't use that slur.
It was unnecessary to use hateful language for women in your response.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
No reason to use hateful language about disabled people to disagree with previous user.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Remove message and warn the poster of inappropriate conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to help your argument or add to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the discussion in this thread.
You don't need to call them names or vulgar language to make your point. The validity of your post just dropped.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
The way you talk about women makes anything you say afterward get ignored.
Name calling someone with a different opinion than you isn't going to solve any problems.
It's considered hostile to reduce a person to a part of the body.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
That term reminds of the centuries America wasn't so great.
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are stupid.
A sign of strength is the ability to not attack people who disagree with you.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
"Re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
I understand both sides here but watch some of the terms associated with the mentally challenged.  They are quite offensive.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
Your argument would be better received if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I don\'t feel like the "inbred" and ableist slur comment was really necessary and it doesn\'t add any value to the discussion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Minus tolerance and acceptance that's inaccurate. Homophobic language was unnecessary especially in defense of LGBT people
I want to have this conversation with you
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
People mislabeling other people is not cause to use a word that is harmful to those with a mental condition regardless of how you feel
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Disagreeing with someone else is not cause to call them a name that people with mental conditions have ask people to not use
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
When you use that word it makes your argument unreadable.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that kind of language.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
When you use those kinds of words it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to your argument or the conversation
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use that slur.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
hey guys i know the 'r' word just gets used as a catch all so maybe we could watch out for that.
Suggesting someone is fat or gay is disgraceful you guys should spread more love than hate. Spreading positivity will come back to you.
there are a lot of correct words you guys can use to make the same points.
Feminist have a right to spread their views on matters. They are doing so in a positive manner you are spreading hate. Spread love User 1.
i cant take that argument seriously until you stop lumping all women together with those terms.
Although it has been proven some women have falsely accused men of rape it should be known rape is real. Be respectful towards those women.
a million words you could have picked  yet you decide not to think. i just dont know what that means.
Even though you are expressing your views you should never call anyone the c word. This is real life for these people be respectful.
could you use your real thought here. you have insulted a man with a ladies slur that lumps all women together. i just dont understand.
Ah
I completely understand your frustration but naming call doesn't get us anywhere.
Do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality to insults others.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult to other posters
We can disagree without being insulting.  If you don't like his opinion
I am just as shocked as you. I agree completely but i wished you could have said that differently.
Refrain from using hateful sexual orientation terms to be rude.
I hear you but not all women are like that. Thank you for your input but your're better than to use words like that.
Do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about genders.
Do not use those vulgar words and hurtful terms regarding disability when responding to others.
When you use that word it's really hard to take your perspective seriously.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
It's very difficult for me to discuss this further with you when you use that slur.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
I don't even know what that string of hate means
We don't tolerate misogynistic or homophobic language here.
That isn't respectful to say of a woman. Perhaps comment on her crime and educated us instead.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should use a derogatory term against them.
There is nothing wrong with a kid trying to take apart a clock and reassemble it. That is what I used to do with my toys as a kid.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down people with mental disabilities.
I love pumpkin spice and so does my husband. I assure you this has nothing to do with our sexual preferences.
used pejoratively
That word really refers to a female dog. So calling a woman such a name is beyond degrading and we deserve more respect.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" (or "cnt") to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please eliminate the hurtful language and use words that aren't so offensive.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please remove the attacks on people who have intellectual disabilities and just state your concerns.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please take care in the words you use as these comments are very harmful to others.
I don't see any reason to attack others based on their gender and beliefs.
This word is holding our society back from taking the next intelligent leap.  Please find and use another word.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to target others because of their gender.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
I'm not sure who you are referring to with this intellectual verbiage but please try to find a better less shockingly horrible word.
Please don't use insulting words to attack people of a certain race.
I feel like you probably know this already because you are a human being but please refrain from this verbiage.
Using sexist insults in your posts doesn't add anything to your argument or the substance of the conversation.  Please refrain in the future
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Language that offends someones sex is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Language that offends someones physical or mental disability is not allowed.
Your vocabulary is so limited. Don't you know any other words?
If you don't like the way she looks then don't look it's simple. We all have a right to look how we want to; purple green or blonde hair.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm sorry you feel that way about freely expressing their rights to choose.  I hope you can be at peace one day.
I may not agree with certain agendas either but they do have a right to expression and free speech. Don't entertain it if it bothers you.
I get you're trying to stand up for people
Anyone lying about rape should be arrested. Each case should be treated uniquely and punishment accordingly.
What we did years ago as jokes isn't acceptable anymore. Older generations have a hard time accepting this.
Using retarded to describe someone as inferior is hate speech do not use it here.
Using cunt as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Language that insults based on gender is not acceptable
Language that demeans someone because of their race isn't ok
Language that insults based on gender is not ok
Language that demeans based on gender isn't ok
@User 2. There is no reason for name calling here. Let's keep this conversation civil.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Namecalling isn't the best way to dispute opposing opinions. While the violent response is unfortunate the alternative is moreso.
Rape is about control and dominance over another person and besides everyone has different tastes. There's no reason to be nasty about it.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't insult them.
If you hate to demean real rape victims then perhaps insulting those who may have been raped is a poor route to take.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
"Raging faggot" really has no meaning relevant to your comment unless you are intending to be homophobic. Precise verbage = better here.
Frankly I don't like your tone
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of value to the conversation.
I'm sure there are other more articulate words you could have chosen.
While true such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We insist that you refrain from it's usage. Thank you for your understanding.
How would you feel if someone called you that word?
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and or physical abilities and avoid such language in the future. Thank you.
Using this language makes people feel badly. There are ways you can rephrase this speech to communicate your point without being offensive.
That word isn't funny
Not to rain on your parade but per our user policies we must insist that you refer to Peter Griffin as having mental disabilities. Thank you
How would you feel if someone used that word to describe you? Try to use language that does not offend others.
Reddit is for everyone. Hate speech is not tolerated. You have been permanently banned.
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with disabilities when commenting. Consider this a first warning. Thank you.
There's nothing stupid about wanting to be portrayed accurately in media.
Reddit does not tolerate  hate speech. Your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty have a nice day.
Perhaps you should consider that these women are working as nurses because they're good at their job.
We ask that you refrain from such offensive langue or be guilty of double standards and hypocrisy. If you want respect give respect. Ty
You have many labels for those you dislike help me understand what they mean.
This discussion has veered into dangerous territory. This reddit has been permanently close. Refrain from such language in the future. Ty
Please express your understandable ire with more appropriate language out of respect for our female Redditors.
Yet using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided so there\'s that.
Avoid using sexually inappropriate words in your posts
Why not educate someone who doesn't understand? Making them feel bad about not understanding is unlikely to better the situation.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
A persons disability should not be used as an insult
Even if most don't agree with them
Using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Do not use that crude sexual term in your post
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult
IQ is not the ultimate measure of intelligence and even if someone is less intelligent
Please do not use derogatory language against a national origin.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe ethnicity or poverty.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike puts down those with actual mental disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Bisexuals are who they say they are and yes I've seen older bisexuals. Also bi people aren't just women so generalizing is inaccurate
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Using the right words to talk about people is important and using gendered insults to disagree is disrespectful
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be called names.
I don't understand what you are trying to say beyond name calling
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
It\'s odd to call someone a white supremacist and then use the "n" word in the same sentence anything else would be more appropriate
Discussing the term "wetback" is different from calling someone one. Try to avoid that.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
Using  'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics that don't relate to the topic. These things shouldn't be taken lightly.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please don't use ableist words to describe people.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
While we understand you were referring to yourself we ask that you avoid that term in the future out of respect for fellow Redditors. Ty.
Please do not use that term regarding a mental disability.
As a woman
We ask that you refrain from sexist hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you
Please avoid using insulting terms when regarding a woman's gender.
This seems mostly like joking around
We ask that you take care with your terminology in the future out of respect for your fellow Redditors. Thank you for your understanding.
Please do not use someones sexual orientation as a term of hate
Using the phrase "c--ts...rot in hell" and sequelae conveys hatred and misogyny: it is not permitted here.
Both hateful misogyny and the use of the "c--t" term are bigoted speech and not permitted here.
Using the term "c---" reflexively thoughtlessly and pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
Refrain from hate speech and such language or we will be forced to ban you. Thank you.
Regardless of stance hate speech and derogatory terms are in conflict with our code of conduct. This is your first warning. Thank you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race and using profanity.
When you use a word like that it makes it hard for me to find your point of view interesting.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments and using profanity.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
It's hard to understand your point of view when you use word like those.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use those types of slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
It really hurts your argument when you use a word like that.
It seems like a waste of your time to go out of your way to make people upset.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I don't understand why you are taking focus away from the child who was hurt.
Introducing words like this is doing nothing to help the conversation.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I would like to ask you to refrain from using that in the future. We are all trying to be positive here and lift each other up.
Please do not use racist words thank you
Please do not use offensive remarks thanks.
Please don't make offensive remarks in you comments thank you
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
The term you have used can be seen as very offensive to others even if you didn't realize it. You need to be more careful with your words!
Using harsh language and name calling leads to pointless arguments.
I understand you are expressing anger but the term you have used is very offensive towards the disabled community. Be more careful.
Foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
The terms you have used are offensive and disrespectful to the LGBT community. You need to be more careful with your choice of words!
The term you have used is disrespectful and offensive to the disabled community! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Speaking down on someone speaks volumes about one's character.
The terms used are offensive towards other women who are not a part of this conversation. You need to use safer word choices!
Wow! there is no place for that type of vulgar language on this feed. Do not put down another person culture.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Your argument would be more effective if you didn't use that slur.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult to others.
When you use a word like that it makes me not want to continue listening to your perspective.
Do not reply if you cannot avoid using that sexually vulgar term on this feed.
Those words essentially make your argument invalid.
Please do not use a hateful term regarding a persons sexual orientation and use that vulgar sexual term.
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use those sorts of slurs.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
The word loses its shock by the third time.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment
This word is hurtful to people with mental and intellectual disabilities.
E doesn't intrinsically denote any gender. Before you comment on another language learn a little more about it.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That word is hurtful to female-identifying individuals.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The r-word is out of date and intentionally hurtful to specific groups of people.
Repeated reflexive and knee-jerk use of  variants of "ret--d" as a pejorative are hateful and offend the mentally disabled.
She is actually very talented and it's uncalled for to call her something so mean.
You might not be aware but this term is viewed as offensive to others especially women. There are different words you can use. Be careful!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
You are being very offensive to the LGBT+ community and need to be more careful with your words. These words can be very harmful to others.
Both the reflexive use of the work "f-g" and its variants and such hateful and venomous targeting of the gay community are forbidden here.
You may not have meant it in this way but the term you used can be offensive to others such as women. Be more careful with your words!
Calling anyone a "stupid tw-t" is hateful infantile and forbidden in this forum.
I don't think your mothers would appreciate you speaking like that.
The terms you have used here are not necessary and very offensive to other communities such as the disabled. You need to use better words.
Using such terms as "autistic" and "ret--d(ed)" offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Maybe try atchually using the PC word for it.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Can just call her a dumb lady
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Offensive terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Derogatory slang term for females is not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts?  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion.
Threats of violence and derogatory terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
Native American terms used improperly and remarks about mental disabilities are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Sexist remarks and derogatory terms for mentally disabled and females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Perhaps we don't know the whole situation
Language that demeans someone based on their gender isn't ok.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People are entitled to their own opinions. If someone likes or wants to support the company let them. Go vote with your money elsewhere.
Insulting someone based on a disability is not ok
Next time maybe use astricks instead of the full word since it can be hurtful to a lot of people. Or just don't use it at all.
Insulting someone because of their race or gender is no way to treat a person.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
That's a lot of hate all at once. I feel like when someone calls out something racist you should listen to what they have to say
Women still face way more work discrimination. There's no need to get mad just because they want to be equals in the workforce
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that out of respect for your fellow Redditors you refrain from such terms in the future. Thank you in advance for your cooperation
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Ableist insults like that only promote discrimination and stigmatization against people with mental health concerns/conditions
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and or mental disabilities. Please review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
While your feelings are valid using ableist slurs to refer to someone's intelligence is detrimental.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities distracts from the meaning of an argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I don't believe hate of all women is warranted in this situation.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not useful when trying to add meaning.
Confusing deranged or nonsensical are words that are less emotionally charged with hate than the word that you used to described leftists.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this and her point still standers no matter how dismissive you pretend to be.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
It's fine if we have different opinions but there's no need to attack.
Racism and sexism go both ways. The better method of combatting privilege is to educate the future not destroy it.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no need to use that language if you disagree. That can be offensive and I would appreciate just leaving it.
Her bellicosity is a result of more than her genetics. Initiating violence would only justify her to those around her.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
I get that you're upset but please remember that that's not a good word to call anyone.
It's difficult to taut your maturity so soon after resorting to namecalling. The most effective means of disputing something is with reason.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Whats the point of the hateful language directed at unrelated irrelevant topics? I can't imagine it serves you an actual purpose.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Insults based on gender are not ok
A brand name is supposed to draw customers in not automatically eliminate an entire market based on solely it's name.
Insults based on race or nationality are not ok
Insults based on disability are not ok
Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Agreed. Not a great way to make your case.
Looks like you need to do some fact checking before tossing your opinion in the ring. Language is inexcusable in this context.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
All this is so unnecessary. All of you should leave. Take your quarrel somewhere else.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Name calling isn't an effective way to describe someone's personality.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
Using a vulgar term like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Please don't use that word. It's okay if we don't agree on things but I do wish you would leave it at that.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Funny that you seem to have been offended so you then choose to use an offensive term to show that youre offended
I understand your frustration
Regardless of intent the blas way that you use autism in a negative way here is hurtful towards people who actually have autism.
We get it. You don't like SJWs. No reason to offend homosexuals in the process.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this thread.
Woah! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality.
I understand your frustration but the C word is highly offensive to women and you'd get your point across better without it.
Please refrain from the use of hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of substance to the conversation here.
Wow. There is no place for that term here when referring to women.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Woah avoid using those hateful and sexually crass terms when posting on the feed.
Sounds like a real asshole but you shouldn't use a word that's so offensive to women to express that.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Withdraw from using those hurtful terms when talking about individuals and their actions
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Using "c--t" debasively is hateful and is not to to used in this forum.
Using the word 'cunt or cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
If you are really feeling this strongly about someone try and take time to calm down before you post. There is no reason to be rude.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). dont us such words.
If this is a joke it was not funny. You can make a joke without having to use harsh language.
You're account is suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
If you are making a joke there are better funnier ways to do that without having to resort to hate speech. It only detracts from your post.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel and faggot) and gender (cunt).
Do not discuss hate speech by using hate speech there are ways to avoid this. Name calling also does not add to the conversation.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
A different word would describe the person and situation better without detracting from your post and its meaning.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can use a word that is more descriptive that dds to your post without having to use hate speech.
When you use words like those it's very hard to engage in a discussion with you.
Misogynist is new to me but I really like how you said your gf helped you. We want to help the men in our lives and grow as a couple.
When talking about others and their beliefs and quoting them be the bigger person. Do not use the same language as them.
I don't agree that the man should pay for the child. Only the biological parent should ever be legally responsible.
If you feel this way you can find a better way to express it. Also try thinking about why you feel this way.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
You may find it funny but not every southern person does. So they should try to be considerate of all people.
That is a bit extreme. I would just get up and go on the couch or tell him to. We may not know the whole story.
If you feel this strongly about someone try explaining and thinking about why. There are also more descriptive less harsh words to use.
I am glad to hear the New York Times is getting into this and asking feminist the right questions. Maybe we can hear them out.
If you really like this artist then there is no reason to be so brash. You can describe what you dislike better.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
name calling isn't helping your argument especially when in doing so you do the very thing you claim others do
Asexuality only affects those who are asexual. Politics have no place in sexual preference and they are human all the same.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
People wander from their original point when nervous or anxious in speeches. Even Jeff Dunham has done so while on stage and he's a pro.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Speaking like this is ridiculous. Both genders have issues. All people have issues.
I'm not sure how any of you think this was not offensive. Of course he got down voted he's generalizing an entire group of women.
That lady is entitled to her opinion but she should realize it's important to stop undermining the importance of those murals.
Obviously she was newsworthy but if you disagree with her that doesn't give you the right to talk about her like that have some civility.
It's just the internet guys...
Hey while the facts are clear have some respect and act like adults. Treat each other like humans not as some computer screens.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
i think kindly on your attitude towards other cultures but then you toss out the 'r' word. think! i can tell you are trying.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
cmon man you dont have to offend a whole gender to use one word about a person who isnt real. lol.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and offensive. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
you guys should use a real word or actually say something relevant.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
you guys are still early in two centuries ago. no one will even listen to that argument.
Mocking someone because of a disablity is not acceptable.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Languiage that disparages based on sexual orientation isn't acceptable
Its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Demeaning someone based on their gender isn't ok
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Mocking someone with a disability isn't ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Try to see things from their perspective.  It's hard to live in a society that doesn't accept you.
"Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to this thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
It's against terms of service to use words like that.  Please tone it down
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of the sub
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he came at you pretty hard but watch the wording.  You're dropping to their level.
I get the points both of you are making but your foul language and racist comments draw attention from your arguments.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Insults based on disability are not ok
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Your comment has nothing to do with OP's original comment - relevancy please.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd like to know what she said in court too but that dones't justify your use of name calling. It reduces interest in your comments.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
started out really well.
Dude calm down. Women are not divided solitarily into those two categories alone. That's as unfair and as biased as the original post.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you refrain from it's use in order to prevent account suspensions. Thank you in advance.
Wow any one that is saying vile comments towards any person for race sexual preference etc is in the wrong.
Use of said term will not be tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you review our user policies. Thank you.
I can see your point that it's not smart to share personal info but the offensive name isn't really necessary to make your point.
Let's try to find another way to express ourselves without a derogatory term.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Please find a different term or we will be forced to take further action.
I understand why this is frustrating but I'm sure you could come up with another way of expressing this without namecalling.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and mental disabilities. We insist you refrain from such terms in the future.
For people that are mentally challenged something they can't help that's hurtful to speak of them in that term.
Please don\'t use the term "retard
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Name calling is not an effective way to get your point across.
I can see that you're trying to combat this rhetoric but I wish you wouldn't use this language to do it.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Your bigotry isn't advance the conversation at all.
I'm not sure why you would use these identities as an insult.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
You shouldn't use such offensive terms if your goal is to engage in an actual discussion on this topic.
This has nothing to do with people who have disabilities.
Please don't make offensive remarks thanks.
Using the word "retard" to describe someone is offensive to people with mental disabilities
You're making a joke about rape which is a very serious traumatic even that can happen to a person and you should have more empathy
Please do not use offensive language towards people thank you.
Retard is an offensive term for people with intellectual disabilities and you should have more empathy
There's no need to call her those names. The court hasn't ruled her guilty or innocent so it is not our place to assign blame.
That isn't a very positive response... She is very wrong and I doubt she has a heart at all but I don't see how the system failed.
Women are just as valuable members of society as men.
I am shocked that throwing acid on someone wasn't considered a violent offense which requires the min of 3/4 of a sentence be served.
No allegations can be called that; all are valid if made with evidence to back them up. There is no need for blanket statements.
This is wrong and I'm a female. Everyone gets paid the same based off their performance which is determined by customers.
Other's sexual orientations are not yours to judge. Just because you disapprove does not make it wrong.
BrokeBack Mountain was the first film I saw that truly showed a relationship between two men that I understood.
I understand you're expressing anger
There is no need to be so rude to someone you do not even know; you have no reason to talk about her as such.
Wow 229k followers is a lot so I guess someone likes her.
Please refrain from hateful name-calling and default to a more universally accepted term! Thank you for understanding.
The butt grapper should be chraged as well
Pease take caution in the types of words you use! These can be seen as derogatory and offensive to others. Thanks for understanding!
I would be trying to make money on all those clicks from your posted links
This word is historically considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from its use and instead use more universally accepted words!
Woah please be careful in the words you use! These types of words are historically considered offensive and derogatory.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thank you
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Dreads are kind of cool I agree. But not on everyone. There is no facts that dreads equal a criminal either.
Although I agree with how you are defending African Americans I do not agree with how you are using the word retarded. Be kind.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I really don't know what Boob Physics is but it sounds like they want to tone down women in gaming. I say leave it alone.
Social Justice Warriors are expressing their personal views. I notice you are too but being respectful will get you further in life.
Its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Loki is awesome!  Even my daughters think he's amazing!
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I am pretty sure it wasn't to ruin your marriage specifically. Try to remain calm it'll all work out.
Using that word is very offensive to the LGBTQ community. I see you are angry but you should express your anger in a more positive way.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Let's watch the language please. This is not necessary.
How do you if he's retarded? Is he slow?
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That comment was not necessary.
This conversation is getting heated but you need to watch the language please.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch your language. This is not appropriate.
A lot of these responses are toeing the line yourself included. Please be careful.
There isn't a need to use derogatory language against gay people.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
please do not use offensive language
Retarded" (or any derivative) is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from language such as "amerifags" and "retarted" in your posts.  It is considered hate speech regardless of the context.
Politics today is the hardest thing to talk about with anyone. I just try to avoid it all together in person that is.
Totally argue with the fact he could of just got her out stop feeding the argument and drove off.
Refrain from using the term "cunts" to refer to women. Many users find this to be offensive regardless of the context.
So disrespectful to attack like that. My parents would of never allowed any of that.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from using the term "retarded." Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
This shouldn't even be a topic. You take a woman out on a date one time and that doesn't equal sex. He looks desperate now.
Twitter went in on her hard. I don't agree with her argument but they could ease up a little.
Attacking someone's gender does not further this discussion.
You can make your point without name calling.
Hate speech toward someone's gender really hurts the points you are trying to make.
We dont need to resort to name calling.
This is a discussion that needs to be had. Just without the hate speech towards the disabled.
There are better ways to express yourself than using offensive words.
slurs against the disabled are seriously uncalled for
Lets not use derogatory statements to call something stupid.
That is true. If women keep knocking men than their just refusing the sexism onto men. Which isn't right.
Hate speech towards the disabled does not strengthen your point. In fact it does the opposite.
There are plenty of insults to use without resorting to hate speech.
Attacking someone's sexual preferences is not a way to win an arguement
Just use the term homosexual. It's not highly offensive like what you said.
"Retarded" is antiquated and frowned upon. Don\'t be antiquated and frowned upon
Using that word is simply not necessary.
"Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
The word homosexual is not an insult.
Aren't you just reinforcing the things she said by referring to her in those terms?
There is no reason that you needed to use such an offensive term to get your point across.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use misogynistic slurs.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I could take your opinion more seriously if you didn't feel the need to use the ableist slur.
Using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
It's hard to take your comment seriously when you feel it's okay to use ableist slurs.
"Retard" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I understand what you're saying but the colour of their skin has nothing to do with it.
Stop with the racial bashing.
No need for the racial stereotyping of bigoted comments. Try and make your point in a less offensive way and you'll be taken more seriously
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Stop bashing peoples' sexual choices.
There is definitely sensationalism over video games. I don't know if date-rape should have a place in this conversation.
Replacing the foul language will get others to want to read your input more.
All I know is if the right is recruiting gamers than the left must be too.
I hear this story a lot on both sides. Good thing you found out now before it was too late and you had kids.
I am not too sure but my son said Gamergate is real and that once you go that way the industry is done.
People will certainly take your point of view into consideration more if you would leave out the foul language.
I agree that a sub on anticensorship should be open to free speech but we also must have limits. Just behave.
Use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of a disability.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Refrain from sexually explicit language.  Omit profanity when describing gender specific's.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
n/a
Note: this word is roundly no longer acceptable in civilized discourse because it is hurtful and offensively denigrates people who are gay.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
n/a
This is an offensive term. Please adjust your language.
A term that is meant to be demeaning to women doesn't have to be used to describe what moderators of a website are doing that you dislike.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch the language.
Putting it like that's just giving them more fuel for their fire.
Hateful words don't add to a discussion and elicit negative emotions.
Watch the language please.
Stop using gender based insults.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It wasn't necissary to use that word
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the word "retarded" as an insult is hateful to people with mental delays and should not be used here.
This word is politically incorrect
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech and must stop.
This is an offensice term
That term is offensive and doesn't help your argument any
Don't you think that words can carry negative connotation? Freedom of speech doesn't mean speech can't be hateful.
That was an unoriginal and immature response.
Say that to the people who believe in that philosophy.
No need to sound like a twelve year old.
Your point could have been made without the vitriol.
Why should we demonize peoples' political ideals? Healthy debate should be based on the effects of ideals
Your point could have been complete without the addition of the word cunts.
Seems a bit harsh? Maybe an oversight
Using the 'r' word means you're either stuck in the early 2000s or a 12 year old.
Your comment is only trying to rile people up with hate.
Your hateful comments and attitude are exactly what they're against.
Stop bodyshaming and using gender based insults.
That word is really offensive and doesn\'t just mean "stupid" like you assume it does.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
That might be how it is in your family but in families with stay at home moms the woman does the majority of unpaid work!
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
This sexist comment is why I left in the first place and will do so again.
Stop with the gender based insults!
I hope you don't teach your daughters to use that hurtful word in school.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
You could just say this woman is insecure.. and leave it at that!
The words used here are inappropriate.
Other words you might use would be stupid or dumb. More PC
To be taken seriously try using adult language.
Please be respectful and not use such vile words.
Being derisive to women is not a good thing. Try to be a little more politically correct in your language.
Using those words are offensive and uncalled for.
Generalizing women this way is wrong and an attack. They do not 'need beatings' and this is no way to treat somebody based on their gender.
It is your right to believe women should be held to the same standards but is not right to condone and promote such violence.
There is no reason for you to use that type of offensive language against individuals.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions but there's no need for you to direct such nastiness to the woman.
Do not post on here if you cannot refrain from using vulgar sexual terms.
Stop using inappropriate sexual language when voicing your opinions.
hey there stop using offensive words based on someones sexual orientation to voice your opinions.
Your argument about these people's behavior is lost when you use diminutive language.
Please try to use language that respects those with different abilities.
Incels lack a romantic partner even though they desire one.   Therefore your labeling them as "rapists and pedofiles" is of poor judgement.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards those with different abilities.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards individuals with different abilities.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Even if it feels justified to use the c-word for a person the word itself is hurtful and hateful towards women and not acceptable.
We should treat women with respects. After all men were born from women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
This comment includes language that is deemed vulgar and offensive and has been flagged.
Using ableist language is not acceptable. If you cannot make your point without it keep your point to yourself.
This comment includes language deemed offensive and vulgar and has been reported to moderator for review.
These comments include language that is offensive and vulgar. The user has been reported for suspension of their account.
No. You cannot use that word. Now that you've received warnings from multiple sources further use will lead to a ban.
This language is offensive and defamatory. User has been reported to moderator and will be booted from further commentary.
There's no need for such sexist language. Further use of hate speech will lead to suspensions or bans.
There are likely more productive ways to get your message across.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please try to be respectful of others' sexual orientations.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
You need to find a better way to describe women besides your trivial attempts.
I am confident that you could have expressed yourself there without using such a highly offensive term.
Try to keep your anger down and be civil.
Being angry is fine but try different descriptive words for women.
I truly understand your hatred for your ex-wife but there's still no reason to potentially offend other innocent women with that term.
Do not be so bigoted.
Wow. Very edgy. Being as offensive as possible will never be funny or get your point across effectively.
Other words you might use. Dumb or stupid.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You should refrain from including the hateful ableist insults in your comments; it adds nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
You aren't helping your argument when you use misogynistic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the terms "c--t" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive; their ill-considered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
"Ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using that word in a conversation about video games is really jarring and immature.
There is no reason to say this hateful word. It should be exchanged for something else. This will show your point more clearly.
Think of the disabled people that you have known before you use a word like that.
Instead of just name calling actually contribute to the conversation with a thought filled response.
You are knowingly breaking the rules. If you want to stay in the subreddit and be able to add to the conversation then follow the rules.
Hey I can see that you're frustrated but this is a pretty closeminded thing to say.
Your name calling does not add to the conversation and I am confused as to why you are name calling in the first place. Try to be more clear
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
How original an insult... /s
I think adoption is a worthwhile suggestion
Sheesh throwin' women under the bus here...
You apparently can't handle being considered offensive.
You hate LGBT people and women how "tough" of you /s
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
There are more specific terms to define political affiliation that don't attack someone for their beliefs
Political views have nothing to do with being pulled over for speeding.
Offensive language doesn't add to the conversation.
n/a
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We all have an opinion and that doesn't mean the other is mentally impaired. I get what you're saying and I agree.
Don't use medical conditions to bash others or pick on other peoples' political choices.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
Global warming is overrated but our planet is definitely going through some changes. I think more natural ones though.
Please don't bash people due to their race or gender.
As a woman I can tell you that word is one of the worst things you can call us.
Please don't bash people due to their gender.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We don't need more rights per say. We just want equal rights and equal pay.
Women don't get any special passes but many men do attempt to treat us more delicately because we're not a man.
Watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
If you wanna not look stupid you should not use terms like "aspergers person". Just some advice.
Not sure what's going on but all of you need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
Call them by any other name and you're fine.
Just because you're an actress doesn't mean your not telling the truth. There's a difference between acting and lying like that.
Watch the language please. This isn't appropriate.
Re--rd" and its variants as used here offend many and should be avoided.
Please take caution in using such words filled with aversion and instead use text that is more acceptable.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
The words you say are demonstrating a wounding picture to others so please try more genial communications.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That may be an unintelligent thing to do but insulting people based on intelligence is a mean thing to do.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Wow whether you think something is wrong or not doesn't mean you should insult the intellectually disabled.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
You can disagree with something that is happening whithout calling degatory names. Using that language dismisses a lot of people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
These terms are offensive towards other group.  It's not necessary to use them as an insult on social media.
Using that language is offensive. People who have disablities should be treated equal and not put down.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Retard" is a very hurtful derogatory term. It would be better to use "mentally ill".
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
Using ableist slurs makes it hard to take you seriously.
Retard" is a hurtful derogatory term. It is an insult to mentally ill people.
Please use language that is respectful of women and different abilities.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Please use language that is respectful towards different cultures and sexual orientations.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language.
Using the c-word to insult a female is offensive and hurtful.
Ask the person to not refer to feminists in such a negative tone.
Use of hurtful and offensive slurs really downgrades the discussion here and is unacceptable.
Don't refer to the woman with those offensive terms
I get your point
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't call the judge a retard just because you don't agree with his decision.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using the term retard in that context is offensive
Trans people make the choice to be who they are. They're still people and deserve to be treated with respect.
Refrain from using abusive and derogatory language.  Remove sexually explicit words
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Avoid language that insults those with developmental disabilities
Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Refrain from word(s) [retarded]. Explicit profanity against developmentally challenged.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I still am confused as to how you're not a man or woman.
The "N word" (even in this use) is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong here.
I don't think anyone should be referred as a white or black person. We are all people period. Stop the racial profiling.
McCaskill is a little too much with the agenda.
There's no need to use that word here you can call them unfunny without being rude.
I am white and I only hear that term used when making fun of someone or trying to be funny within the culture so it depends on content.
There's no need to be so rude she wouldn't comment on your weight so why are you commenting on hers?
I rather tell the driver which way to go sometimes because I might know a faster/cheaper route.
Both those words are offensive and you can vent your frustration at them without being rude.
The whole GamerGate thing is out of hand and needs to be closed out already.
It takes away from your argument when you can't get your point across without swearing.
Please cease the comments that are nasty and hurtful to the innocent.
Please eliminate the speech that is contemptuous and use language that is more hospitable.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You don't need to offend all homosexuals to express the fact you don't like the parties involved. Just an FYI
I can tell that you are passionate about the topic but please convey your thoughts in a way that is not so damaging to others.
A lot of good people had a lot of bad things done to them having to do with that hateful word you're throwing around. it's the 21st century
There are plenty of other words that you could have used to convey that opinion. Slurs won't strengthen your opinion.
Woah man don't cut yourself on that edge.
Using bitch and retarded as insults is hate speech do not use such language here
"Stupid" or its 50 other synonyms could have sufficed here. America can have questionable rules but that doesn\'t mean you need to use slurs
Using retards as an insult is hateful do not do it.
"I don\'t agree with this political group so I\'m gonna use slurs!! That\'ll show them." - you probably. Do us all a favor and grow up.
Even though I might agree with the content in some of the posts
Using "b--ches" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret--ds" or "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I am not sure what the previous post was as it was removed
I think you can come up with a better insult. That word is hurtful to many people.
The use of "ret--ds" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's funny because Trump supports authoritarian policies. That said Vagina is not a good insult as women are people.
I still don't fully understand how a lawsuit to help Asian's will also help us.
If the Attorney General says it's fine than it must be.
Speaking of hurtful your comment is extremely so. You post this because you want to be validated but it's unacceptable.
If I find a meme that's hurtful I simply scroll past it or click to not follow that person; simple.
Whether or not OP is unintelligent is irrelevant to the discussion they were trying to provoke.
I cannot understand this argument between anime and fascism.
You're spamming offensive content. There is nothing wrong with being gay and I'm reporting you to the mods.
Serena Williams is beautiful but she has a terrible temper.
Offensive language isn't really adding to the conversation.
Your sentiment is right but this subreddit has strict rules about certain language. Please watch this in the future.
This is inappropriate. Please watch the language.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Using ableist slurs don't add anything to the conversation.
Not sure what's going on here but this is toeing a line. Be Careful.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Offensive language isn't making you seem as intelligent as you think you are.
This is all bordering on sexism and is frankly plain ignorant. Please consider using different words.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This conversation is absurd and borders on hate speech. Let's watch the language please.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using language that is violent against people with disabilities makes everything you're saying seem invalid. It makes you seem ignorant.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Stop using medical conditions racism and political propaganda as insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Using language that's violent towards people with disabilities just maesk you sound ignorant and makes people distrust your argument.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
There's absolutely no reason to use that word to get your point across. Many females find it highly offensive.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability and race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The woman's behavior stands for itself. You don't need to insult a whole gender to express your displeasure.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Just because you don't like the woman doesn't make it necessary to use such an offensive term. All it does is make you look bad too.
Please refrain from using slurs against the disabled.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please do not use hate speech against the disabled.
1: Calling her those names doesn't actually show what she did wrong. And using those names undermines your arguments.
The words "bit-h" and "c--t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Hate speech against someone's gender and death threats will not be tolerated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Slurs against someone's gender or race will not further this conversation and is unacceptable.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Refrain from using hate speech about someone's gender.
Using ableist slurs isn't gonna help you get respect from anyone.
Do not use a mental disability for your own personal insult.
Some people dedicate years of their life to manual labor. They work long days because no one else will and often do overtime.
Do not use that type of offensive sexual language when responding.
Feminism isn't about abandoning anything. It's to get paid equally and respected as a human being rather being seen as a lesser species.
Avoid using hateful terms and sexual terms when responding to others.
Educating is far more effective of a tool than degradation.
Using ableist slurs in an attempt to deflect doesn't really make you seem very level headed.
Please avoid insulting others with terms tat deal with disabilities.
Political party holds no title to be demeaned as they just mean a set of beliefs not facts.Free speech comes at a cost.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
You cross over into being a dick when you can't seem to develop a vocabulary beyond a few hateful words.
Please don't use offensive language like this.  We need constructive debates in order to make progress.
Calling your debate opponent autistic or "ret--ded" with no evidence for either is not helping your position.
It's one thing to not agree with a lifestyle
The harmful and offensive language is  completely unnecessary.  If this is how you feel about things then please keep them to yourself
"Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Yes this term is incredibly offensive and has no place being used in this forum.  Keep your negative opinions and attitudes to yourself.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That is just awful. Anyone taking advantage of a bedridden person is just evil. I hope she's in jail.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Racism and sexism are not acceptable on this site. Continue to use such language and receive an IP ban.
"Ret--d(ed)" "c--t" and "b--ch" are all offensive terms of hate; please find a way to express your opinion without them.
If you can't make a point without ableist language then you'll face a suspension. If you then continue to post hate speech you'll be banned
I actually did see this and I don't think any part of the game was racist at all.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it certainly detracts from your message.
Your points fall flat if you need to rely on ableist language to make them. Continued use of such language can lead to a ban.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided because it targets all women.
No matter your reason refrain from using sexist language or face a suspension or possible ban.
I have been hurt by many men in my life
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There's no excuse for ableist language. Continued use will lead to a suspension.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Please convey your thoughts in a way that is not disgraceful to others.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women as its a direct attack based on gender
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your words are quite abrasive so please limit the hurtful comments.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Haha I've never seen someone be that vocally afraid of women.
Send out your comments with more congenial expressions please.
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack based on gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please communicate your opinions in a manner that is more congenial.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Sad that you think it's okay to use ableist slurs in an attempt to add to the discussion.
2. inadequate expression: "piss poor retarded attempt
While the legal defense may have been poor bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unwarranted.
Sad that you think it's funny to use misogynistic slurs in an attempt at humor.
2.  " a shit about your mom being dead"\n3.  " sex with the corpse"\n4.  sex his dead mom \n7. "fuck OP"\n8. "fucking cunt"
Your mother would be ashamed of you. Stop using the c word.
1 firecracker\n3 stupid bot\n4 what a cracker\n6 cracker\n7 newmug\n8 retard bot\n9 newmug\n10 cunt
Hey maybe the bot is right. Let's not use slurs.
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
2  "only retards believe in"
While astrology may be dubious pseudoscience bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unfair.
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of comprehension of the topic.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling doesn't make any points.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This foul language shows a lack of intelligence.
You should not use that word to talk about women. It is very offensive
Stop using gender based insults.
It is ok for you to express your opinion but you could do it without using that word to describe this women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Stop using a medical condition to insult others.
I don't know what that word means but I think it's hate speech. Think about how you'd feel if someone called you that.
Think about how you would feel if someone said that to you. Also reported for using hate speech.
Guys people have been killed over this dichotomous us-versus-them discourse before. Let's not use hate speech and treat each other kindly.
Let's just accept that there are extremists on both ends of the spectrum and move on. Attacking them like this only fuels their fire.
Speaking of rape intellectually disabled people are  more likely to experience sexual assault! Their lives are awful let's not insult them
This discourse is great. It's important that we share different opinions but attacking people like this will drop your credibility.
Homeless people are not helpless. Some do have mental illness and we do nothing to help them. Others are lost in a failed system.
Someone needs to learn to hold a conversation without using childish insults.
If you stopped all that negative commenting I might be able to understand the topic of conversation.
I think only a woman is a lesbian but I might be wrong.
It's okay to not want to reproduce with someone you don't find attractive. You cannot prevent someone from finding a more suitable mate.
The use of foul language makes the point that is trying to be made that much harder to understand.
Stop using gender based insults.
Her rack has nothing to do with what happened to her. Objectifying a woman while also insulting her isn't okay.
Talking about women in such a manner shows a serious lack of respect.
Stop using gender based insults.
That word doesn't really apply. You never know who has a kid or a sibling that has had that word thrown at them in the ugliest way.
The use of foul language makes it difficult to see the point that was trying to be made.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults.
The concept of a woman raping a man is new to me but I can see how it's possible.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I wish the USA had $10 daycare when my kids were small!
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I'm sure Our Lord would agree with the 1st part
Perhaps the airline just didn't know she was a doctor. Wow that is a bit much.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The whole thing is a mess. I am a white person who likes to write letters and 9/10 times I get what I ask for.
Please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I'd be more interested in hearing your side of this if you didn't use that word.
A woman should never be refered to with that term no matter what her behavior.
When you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character.
You should consider burden someone has wtih a metal disability and how difficult it mus be for their loved ones. Also Homophobia is not OK.
It's really hard to want to listen to you when you use words like those.
Would you feel the same way if someone sexually assaulted your mother because a man bought her a drink and felt entitled to ?
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Most people of all races aren't bilingual.
You can't really correct people while being insultive even if they're obviously wrong.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are people that find words offensive based on experience
We are all global citizens and we should be mindful of that in the 21st century.
While both parties might be in the wrong hate speech isn't warranted.
Just because you may not like someone you still should not call them derogatory names
I seriously doubt people are actually 'triggered' by winter. Also don't use hate speech towards the intellectually disabled.
Hey guys if we want people to view us as being in the right we shouldn't use hate speech like the r-word.
The 'r' word is incredibly offensive and I think everyone should refrain from using it
Hey let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled and not lump them in with frivolous lawsuit makers.
The 'r' word is really offensive you shouldn't be using it
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Here
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The terms "f--g(ot)" and the "n-word" are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Stop gender bashing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
The word 'faggot' needs to reconsidered here
Stop using words to bash sexual choices of others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Its not right to use the word 'autistic' the way you have
Please stop gender bashing and using serious medical conditions to express yourself.
The R word isn't a joke. All people deserve respect
stop using medical conditions as insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
No need to attack women.
Do not use that word.  It is incredibly offensive and has no place in conversations.
Sorry people aren't all the same like you.
You can't define someone by their sexuality as people act out of their perceived norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
People of all kinds have needs. Try to have an open mind.
Everyone deserves to be treated with respect and that's all that the OP is asking for that doesn't mean that he's needy.
Referring to someone as going "full retard" is obscene and offensive. Try to understand why she is the way she is.
Just because someone disagrees with you doesn\'t make them a "garbage human" or a "retard".
Let's try to keep the language civil.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Offensive slurs aren't really part of an intelligent conversation.
Try to use language that doesn't disparage someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Come on dude.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Wow woman hater...
Nobody's gonna listen to you and take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
This is clearly a hoax. Secondly don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And stop using slurs.
"Cu--ts" and "ret---(ed)" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
Hey terms like that are ableist. Please be more respectful to mentally ill people and don't use them.
Speaking of getting penalized for verbal abuse I'm reporting you to the mods. Stop using slurs.
I cannot believe you would use such language on a public forum. I am your grandmother and I am horrified.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
You are simultaneously talking down to a person for their rude words
Wow guys let's try respecting women and the intellectually disabled a little more.
"Cu--t(s)" and "ret---ed" are terms of hate and ignorance and have no place in compelling argument
As silly as people sort of panicking about nuking their neighbors is labeling them an offensive term attacking women is not needed.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
C--t(s)" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Those terms are derogatory to black people and women. Now that you are all aware we should learn and move forward from this.
Using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you do not like the videos but words like those are offensive and demeaning to those with disabilities.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
It would be better to not attack her because she is female. If you disagree with her ideals then debate those not her gender.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You mention class but then use an offensive word attacking a woman just because she is female. Follow your own advice it's quite good.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you're trying to make a point but please watch the language.
Even if you don't agree with her behavior there is no reason to identify her with a vulgar name.  We can discuss without insults.
I understand the argument you're trying to make but please watch the language.
This is disturbing and inappropriate. This is your first and only warning.
I understand this is frustrating news but please watch your language.
This language is no longer acceptable. Please adjust.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
We should focus on the topic and not attack someone with racially charged language when criticizing their actions
Using "bi--h" "c--t" and the "n word" all reflect both an enormous amount of bottled anger and a high level of insensitivity. Avoid here.
feminists might have another viewpoint and additional concerns but calling them insulting names is not helpful or acceptable for discourse
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
trans people like all people can have opinions that differ from yours and that is ok what is not ok is attacking them for their identity
This use of the "c---" term to refer to another person is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
While that may be of poor quality using hate speech is unwarranted.
I really want people to stop censoring comics. We grew up with these comics this way so leave them alone.
I doubt they are intellectually disabled but if they were it would not change their value as a human.
They need better cameras on there so that she can get arrested.
Waking up to reality can be hard. Like waking up to the reality that you're a terrible person for using hate speech. I wish you luck with it
I am afraid to ask what this dance is all about.
You're not being the person Jesus thought you could be using the c word like that.
Good luck having that profession and ever being taken serious if that really does happen in the future. Terrible thing to lie about.
To use the word cunt is far too abrasive. If you use this language
Perhaps you should take to heart that people are telling you your actions are hurting them.
"retard" and "cousin fucker" don\'t add to the conversation.'
Why do you have to use such harsh language.  You could be much more civilized and your opinions would be much more coherent.
Even if you are trying to defend other people resorting to this language makes you look bad.
Resorting to base namecalling
Why does everyone have to use such offensive language.  just because someone disagrees with you there is no reason to use that language.
This makes the conversation silly and meanspirited when it could have taken another direction.
Stop using racism and sexual choices as insults.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Its kinda like a long running musical its great
Let's maintain maturity and not use words that insult people's sexuality.
Just because someone's name sounds a certain way doesn't mean anything about them that's narrow minded.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Hey let's not treat the intellectually disabled like that. How do you think they feel about being used as insults?
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Here's an idea! Why don't you stop calling women derogatory names and let us have our fun without poisoning the discourse?
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
The use of this slur is offensive and hurtful as it denigrates homosexuals.
I am sure some players enjoy this option
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Resisting arrest is never a good option.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
That is just rude. No one's face should be slapped and no one should be called a cunt face.
Retarded is inappropriate way to classify someone's political stance.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Just because you believe someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they need to be called retarded.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Retard is such an offensive word. There are better words to express how you feel about someone without being so offensive.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Something you don't agree with does not need to be called retarded. That word is offensive to a lot of people.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
Just because you don\'t care what someone has to say doesn\'t mean you should tell them to "fuck off" and/or call them a cunt.
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
People have the rights to practice any sexuality they deem fit as far as it isn't harming others. We shouldn't insult them for it.
Have the chatbox type*&^% when offensive words are typed in a comment.
Please don't refer to Asians using outdated and derogatory names.
It is considered rude to use derogatory terms regarding a person's disability.
Don't use medical conditions to bash political choices of others.
There is now reason to ever use a term so offensive to disabled people.
Stop gender bashing and using medical conditions to insult others.
Both of you are acting childish. Your entitled to your own opinions but name calling isn't getting either of you anywhere.
We don't need to use insults at all especially though offensive to the disabled.
Don't use gender bashing or medical conditions to insult others.
The 'r' word is offensive and should not be used to further your argument
Can't take you seriously when you have ableism in your comment.
The 'r' word is very offensive and there are other words you could have used to prove your point
Any intelligent thing you had to say is ruined by the ableist slur you included in your comment.
There are better alternatives to using the 'c' word here
The language in these posts is uncalled for.  You don't even know what this person was dealing with so why immediately resort to insulting.
Stop bashing medical conditions gendernationality political choicesreligious choices and sexual choices!
Please refrain from using stereotypes profanity and derogatory remarks about others' sexuality.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Please refrain from using profanity and referring to individuals based on something outside their control.
Please find a way to relay opinions without resorting to profanity or racial stereotype terminology.
Don't insult medical conditions and political choices.
Please refrain from using terminology that is a direct attack on someone's disability.
Please opt for using other words to define stupid or unlogical actions ot prevent association with mental handicaps.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid.
Name calling speaks volumes to that persons characteristics.
Gender stereotyping should be avoided as it bears no value to this discussion
All of the name calling and foul language takes away from the point that is trying to be made.
The use of name calling and foul language doesn't make the point more valid.
We should still be mindful of what others might think or feel about the issue
Using yours or others personal experience to define non binary as mentally unstable is probably not accurate. See if there are some studies.
Regardless of what they are using you should not fall to their level and start insulting
Its offensive to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on someone's sexual orientation
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word 'ttwat'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
So people disagreeing with you means they can't function. Gotcha.
Sheesh that took me by surprise. A little aggressive with the insults.
Wow that's aggressive.
Man you seem really angry.
This is incredibly offensive and unacceptable.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I would take your post more seriously if you didn't use vulgar terms referring to people who are homosexual.  Being homosexual is not wrong.
Watch the language. This in inappropriate.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Watch the language. I understand your sentiment but you can avoid that kind of speech.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Let's watch the language. I understand you're quoting an article but you can censor yourselves.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I understand you don't agree with the law
Watch the language please.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Hey let's not use slurs against the intellectually disabled.
Wow you need to do more research before you come on here and spew hatred.
I'm not sure if your post was meant to be hateful or funny but it was offensive.
Wow way to use hate speech against someone you think is wrong. How understanding of you! So kind.
That kind of language shows a lack of character in my opinion.
Let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive to families/ friends everywhere
Stop using gender based insults.
It's hard to respect anything you have to say when you use ableist slurs in your arguments.
Stop bashing peoples' sexuality and medical conditions.
Stop using gender based insults.
You may have had a good point but it was ruined by the ableist slur.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Avoid using deragatory language when describing people or process'.  Avoid using profanity when describing objects
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid using sexually explicit terms (i.e.  [cunt]   )
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
There's no reason to use that word. It's highly offensive to homosexuals.
Consider using more appropriate terms when describing individuals.  Avoid deragatory terms that are biased towards specific populations
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because you don't agree with the doesn't mean you have to resort to using such derogatory terms.
Avoid using profane language. Omit term [cunt].. Replace deragtory words with socially appropriate terms.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Saying retarded is offensive and ableist.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I don't know if a hair cut comment deserves an attack like that.
The word cunt is offensive to women and you should not use it to describe this woman.
n/a
The word retarded is ableist and offensive.
Let's take personal vendettas out of this feed and somewhere more private if we are calling names and arguing back and forth.
Immigrants and muslims are humans and are not threatening your way of life.
Using that kind of language isn't helping anyone and is irrelevant
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
People can say things spur of the moment that if they reflected on it more they might not. Case in point: the women above... and us too
Who cares what people do as long as it doesn't affect your life at all
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Let's all have high standards... and try to keep this civil!
Generalizations based on race are never a great idea... let's focus on the players themselves
using that language isn't helping anyone
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think any of us can speak for all of one gender... Let's try to just speak for ourselves right?
Derogatory terms are unnecessary.  You could have expressed your opinion without name calling and insults
If a woman made most of the money than legally she must pay alimony. It doesn't matter what he spends it on. Law is law.
Demeaning terms meant to insult people with real legitimate disabilities is uncalled for.  That language should never be used.
People can say the same for every party. Some has merit but not everyone is bad.
Your language is completely uncalled for.  Using a derogatory term directed at people with legitimate disabilities is wrong.
Exactly not everyone is bad. We need to stop grouping everyone into one group.
We all need to calm down. Gender equality is long over due but not to the extreme that we get more than men.
Why would you use this demeaning term to express your opinion about someone that you do not even know.  this was uncalled for.
I love Trump too!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language that attacks someone based on their gender.
Talking down on someone and calling them names isn't going to get anyone to listen to your point of view.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as attacking others for their race.
Name calling and using foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others.
Calling people names and not using much reasoning will not get people to understand your point of view.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when commenting.
Calling names and using foul language does not solve the problem.
But it does make you worthy of basic respect.
It doesn't make you special but it does warrant some extra considerations.
You shouldn't call someone white trash by their looks.
Best to avoid racial slurs
Yeah but it's best not to make sweeping generalizations about people. They both might need some help is all.
This concept of "sjw" needs to die. There is no point to a gender/sex war either. We are all humans and should be working together.
Let's not condemn them so harshly for their behavior. They must be super drunk and are not in control.
Let's watch the language a little bit please.
Stop using gender based insults.
Responding in such a dramatic way to a comment is not going to help to leave a positive impression of your group.
Let's avoid this language. I understand your anger but this borders on misogynistic.
stop using gender based insults.
I can see that you've been upset by this crime but you don't need to treat women this way as a group.
This kind of language isn't acceptable anymore.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
This is a really childish word to use under these circumstances and there was no cause for it.
This kind of language isn't appropriate anymore. Try to be more careful.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Please don't speak this way about a dead man or his constituents.
Stop using medical conditions and peoples' political choices as insults.
Thinking of your ideological opponents in this way is going to change your ability to think rationally.
Do not allow offensive words to be typed in the chatbox.
While she may be misappropriating the money you turning female genitalia into a slur is just silly.
Vilifying female genitalia and comparing corporate policy to the holocaust are intellectual cop outs to make your points.
To claim someone has an intellectual disability because you don't agree with their opinion is silly.
You could have expressed your opinion in an intelligent way but you decided not to.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help make your point.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use that type of hateful language to insult someone.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further your point in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further any point you were trying to make.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted.
It's never a sign of intelligence when someone uses an ableist slur.
Racist and offensive slang terms for people with disabliles are not permitted
Can't take you seriously with your use of misogynistic slurs.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the term cunt is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the word retards is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities and against reddit policy.
Using 'faggots' is offensive and inappropriate because its a direct attack based on one's sexual orientation
Use of the term faggot is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the term retarded is offensive and against reddit policy.
its inappropriate to use words such as fag and dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Fag and dyke are offensive and against reddit policy.
This type of language isn't acceptable.  If you don't have anything constructive to say
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
This is an extremely derogatory term.  Even though it wasn't specifically directed at someone in particular
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Utilizing that term is extremely demeaning to gay people.  It is a hurtful word that shouldn't be used in this context.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Don't use such words
Please eliminate the speech that is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please stop the offensive language toward women and use words that are more respectful.
Using "c---"  to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Please look at the words you use against women and communicate with more neutral speech.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
As a female I think that women who lie about rape should be arrested and put in jail for a min of 60 days.
There is a woman trying to express pain and you are making this an unsafe conversation for her.
You should look into the history of these movements it might help you to understand why people are reacting badly to it.
If Hillary took money from her I mean she didn't know the connection. No I am not a Hillary fan
These words are really out of place in this conversation and you should try to be more thoughtful.
This is the world we live in now. Everyone is offended by everything.
You should meet more disabled people and ask them how they feel about this word.
You should try to listen to people who are telling you that they are being hurt.
While I can appreciate the point of view and the sentiment
I agree that small crimes resulting in jail time do create a worse criminals. But the reform should be for everyone.
Although I know everyone is entitled to an opinion
Everyone has different personalities.  I find some people harder to 'read' in general men and women.
Well men and women can be moody but neither are those words.
It's not okay to insult anyone based on just their location or color.  I have lived in the north and south and both can be racist and mean.
Honestly I think every nationality has a tendency to not be socially diverse unless forced. I grew up in a mix community and it's great.
While I agree with the fact that there is embarrassment going on
Good she should be fired. Nobody should be making such false accusations against another person.
Don't insult women by associating us with him
This word is derogatory to women.  It might be a good idea to think about your response before posting it next time.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I don't like her either
This word is extremely offensive to the mentally challenged.  You might want to think about the effects that your words have before posting
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
That response is demeaning to women.  Next time respond withing using offensive language.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The term retarded is highly offensive to the mentally challenged community
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please think about your choice of words so that others aren't wounded with them.
You'd sway more people with that argument if you made it without using such offensive slurs.
It's obviously not as black and white as this. Also you're complaining about be labeled anti feminism but using that word. Interesting.
When you use that word it makes me discount your opinion.
Interesting that you consider yourself so smart but can't think of better ways to express your view
When you say that word it makes me it difficult for me to want to engage in conversation with you.
I hope you can resolve whatever issue is making you so angry at these other groups that you feel the need to only refer to them by slurs
When you use those words they completely invalidate your point.
It's funny how insecure women make you feel. I hope you can find the power to change one day
You'd have a stronger argument if you didn't use such an offensive word.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Ask the person to please refrain from using profanity and name calling.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Try to use more descriptive adjectives that are more sensitive to others.
Don't mention the n-word in full unless you're black
delete the whole entire thing and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from swearing and also inappropriate sexual innuendos.
Please don't call people from Appalachia that word
delete the convo and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from using stereotypes against particular individuals.
You missed the part where you're not supposed to call people slurs based on female genitalia.
suspend the second user.. well the user 1 actually
Please refrain from using sexist and vulgar language.
User 4: please do not accuse people of having intellectual disabilities as a way of insulting them
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't make them less than you.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
Please do not insult people by saying they have mental disabilities.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't make them less than you.
Please do not claim people have mental disabilities as a way of disparaging them.
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
can you not respond without being offensive
That term really bothers me.
Well you could have made your point without such strong language.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
you all are out of control. check yourselves
good arguments here but it gets lost in the hate
This is sort of hateful.
another seemingly good potential debate ruined by idiocy
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can get your point across without using the word retarded thank you.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language and mental illnesses as insults.
When you resort to using stupid slurs you know your argument isn't as strong. Grow up.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
"retarded" is so outdated. use something else.
Using such foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I really hope that she didn't commit sexual assault because then it just makes her entire argument false.
Slandering someone in such a way speaks volumes about the people doing it.
The world is going insane with all these gender choices. Just pick one and stick with it already.
The use of such foul language shows a lack of understanding for the topic.
I say it over and over but these topics don't belong in our comics. As a comic lover since a child it's not funny anymore.
The use of foul language make people think there is a lack of understanding of the topic being discussed.
The whole idea of the zombie is getting a little tired but they make a lot of money so it works for the industry.
When discussing a topic
Please eliminate the detestable language and use words that are more fair.
Not only should he sue her but she needs to be arrested. Women like her are why others are not believed when claiming rape.
Take out the negativity please and stick to the concerns.
I wish I could get paid Before actually working. That would be nice.
Please take out the rude remarks and say something productive.
The whole thing is crazy. We are all humans and need to stop this racism already it's 2019.
Pretty funny
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Whoa dude. No need to use that kind of language. It would have been netter if you didn't respond at all.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
It's strange to see the words courtesy and cunt in the same sentence.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
It seems to me your main problem is with her viewpoint not her gender. There's no need to call her a cunt.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that. So depressing.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of thought.
This term is highly offensive. I'm not sure why we can't insult each other without using it. You can get your dislike across in other ways.
Please be nice to each other.
What's really ugly is using terminology that offends an entire gender just to express your distaste.
There's no reason to use that language.
Your participation in this sub along with your choice to use slurs says so much about where you're at in life
We get it. You don't like her. There's no reason to use such an offensive term just to express that.
Just call them a woman.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I wonder if he was arrested if she lied and said he hit her. Hopefully a video was taken.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
All women want is respect and to be paid equally simple.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Rick will probably win this case too.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Being a celebrity or known in a city isn't all that great. It attracts a lot of different types of unwanted company.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
As Americans we all really need to come together and stop seeing color. We all bleed red so we're all the same deep inside.
I don't think that you should spend your time disputing numbers backed by research.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People are allowed to critique institutions that serve them even if they're not a part of them.
Wow angry at women for something so simple. Come on dude.
If you are really worried about injustice you shouldn't be using that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't supporting your argument to jump right to this kind of anger.
Yup because misogyny means you're right! /s
Interesting that that's all you could come up with to comment on the situation
Using female genitals as an insult is outdated and unacceptable.
That kind of language is an attack on her female identity.
You could make your point without disrespecting individuals with mental disabilities.
This is an attack on trans women implying that they cannot be beautiful.
Ironic that you guys are using slurs to call people stupid
Your point could have been made in a way that seemed intelligent instead.
While her behavior may be suspect your practice of using female genitalia as a derogatory term is also.
Using that kind of language toward a trans woman is an attack on her gender identity.
Female genitalia should be revered. They bring life into the world.
Despite her wrongful actions using that kind of language is attacking women.
I'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
The article is full of hate no need for you to add more.
While this woman's actions are horrible please refrain from using vulgar slang in describing individuals.
You're basically mocking half of America.
This story is terrible but the racist banter is totally pointless.
Please refrain from using vulgar racial slang on the forum. It violates the terms of service.
I get what you're trying to say but those words are harmful in any circumstance.
Hate speech isn't cool even if you hate men and women equally.
I'd be more apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word.
I dislike niche games too but the hateful slurs are unnecessary.
You seem to have a real problem with women's body parts.
I think that you can see that these are not equivalent if you're being honest with yourself.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Sexual orientation shouldn't be used in a derogatory manner.
I don't think that you should be spending so much energy defending your right to violence.
The use of "retard" is offensive and not useful to your argument.
I don't know why you would bring disabled people into your insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Stop gender bashing.
How original an insult... /s You're so afraid and basic.
Using that kind of language is unnecessary also that's lumping together entire huge groups of people
Stop making racist remarks!
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using a term that is for a medical condition.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that kind of language is pointless bad people are bad people but not all women are now responsible for these
Stop using gender bashing words.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that language doesn't help support anyone's argument
Stop gender bashing.
The people in this conversation don't want to fight with you and you have a chance to part ways peacefully!
You should try to keep the language clean. Try using the "C word" instead.
You might try to tone down your language
If you want to have an honest ideological discussion about this
Dumb or stupid would better apply in your argument.
If you don't use words like retard people will listen to you more
Hey
Please try to use a more PC word.  Like dumb.
using words like retard doesn't improve your writing
Please refrain from using racial and homophobic slurs.
I think it's certain type of racist hateful or nasty words that it monitors.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as insults
The entire concept behind Diablo Immortal video game is negative so what is the issue now.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
If you want people to spend money it's not a good idea to insult the customers.
Please refrain from attacking women for their fashion choices and gender.
No parent ever encourages this behavior.  It is always sad when a daughter doesn't turn out the way you thought.
Please refrain from making personal attacks for others.
I love Judge Judy leave her alone!
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Ret--ds" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Look for years movies and video games used humor like this. I don't get why now all of the sudden it's racist and wrong.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms
I mean hey she's just a girl!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking to others.
No woman should have sex with a minor. I know the boys think it's cool but they don't understand the long term mental damage.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others.
Sounds like she got scared. I don't think she should of ever had a gun in the first place if she's gonna react that way.
That implies that people with mental disabilities are incapable of speaking/writing.  They still communicate in the same way.
Offensive language will not be tolerated.
I know you guys are joking but you guys are being quite insensitive
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I understand this conversation is heated and tense but let's try to avoid that kind of language.
"Ret--ds " and "ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Lot's of the language you use in your comment is very offensive. If you disagree with someone you should not point out their religion.
Watch the language please. This is toeing the line.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Watch the language. This is a warning.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
She was probably just distracted the same way anyone could get.
Woah
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Gender bias exists but it's still wrong. That's why we use the word bias to mean there's something wrong with the logic of it.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
There's no reason to call her a cunt. The thing you disagree with has nothing to do with her being a female.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
When you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" people are not going to take you seriously.
The hateful sexist language in your comment isn't helping your argument or contributing to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
sexist and racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
There's no reason to use the C-word or call someone names here. You don't know the whole story.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
That's really offensive to call people names like that. Just let it go - there's no reason to say things like that.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to the conversation.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Do you really have to use demeaning and offensive language to express your opinion on divorced women?
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Watch your language.  That term is used to insult people with disabilities and has no place here.
Why are you using this term.  It is harmful and offensive and has no place being used to express opinions.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
And then there are those who never learn from history
I understand the frustration but the name calling is a bit much.
"Ret---ed" and "ret---ation" as used is patently offensive; it should be avoided here.
This has nothing to do with mental disability or retardation but everything to do with corporate greed.
Both parties have their issues and the left are not the ones doing the name-calling in this instance.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's good that you've clarified that you did not mean to attack ESL but you're still using ableist language.
1. inadequate words: dumbestfull retard
Name calling such as that does not efficiently describe the point that is trying to be made.
1. inadequate word:retarded
There are much better ways to explain someone's lack of intelligence than stooping to name calling.
Using language such as this make the point invalid in others eyes.
right winger"\n3. inadequate expressions: "right winger
dumb people"'
The language that was used caused a pointless argument with no actual evidence or opinions in sight.
1. inadequate words: "fucking clue
mouth breathers"'
Adding the foul language before the rest of the comment does not make it more impactful.
Guys
We all really need to do a better job of not stereotyping others and knowing the facts.
I think we all know there's a problem could we talk about it intelligently without durogatory terms?
Although deflecting accusations by using one's sexuality is not good
It's not really cool to paraphrase for others that person never said that
I think you might be exaggerating someone else's point of view it can't be that bad.
Although that word may seem like it's not that bad
I don't really see the point of using the R word makes your argument invalid.
I don't think that name calling is necessary here.
Calling people that is quite extreme considering it's just a tweet. No need to be so aggressive to others.
No point in continually using the R word never gets your point across very well just a heads up
I think there is a better word you could use rather than to call someone retarded even medical professionals don't use that term anymore.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Perhaps they're writing in a style that suits them .
Your language displays a lack of character and suitable vocabulary.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Calling someone the c-word is offensive because it derogates woman and so this is not acceptable language.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please do not use mental disabilities as an insult towards others.
Typically people who feel the need to call women thots and cunts are the ones who aren't getting laid
The use of the c-word is highly offensive not just insulting a person here but also derogatory of all woman.
Gratuitously calling someone with the c-word is hurtful and offensive to all woman and completely unacceptable.
Please don't insult others by claiming they have mental disabilities.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"D-ke" as used here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Slurs as these are denigrating people with homosexual orientations and are not acceptable in our conversation.
I know 100% there are soulless people out here I don't care what she says.
"Reta--ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here
The r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities
"Ret--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
The use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as everyone including bots knows.
Perhaps you should do some  thinking and learn to recognize that making generalizations about gender are unfair.
"Cu-t" si a tern of hate and should not be used in intelligent political debate.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Wow sounds like you need to find a better outlet for your anger issues.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your choice of words is small and violates hate speech.
Ouch I'm gonna go cry now someone on the internet insulted me!
What a hateful unpleasant person you are.
Poor choices aren't exclusive to a single race.
That's a particularly uneducated comment.
One's personal life does not necessarily reflect their professional life. In reality
That escalated quickly. Relax no need to attack anyone personally.
Wow real mature to still be using that term.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
intelligence is not something that is determined by gender and it seems as though there was a clarifying question not a missunderstanding
I am still waiting to see the proof of this. Growing up our teachers said the opposite to us.
Using the word retard to describe this situation is inappropriate.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Your comeback is ineffective because all it does is show your hatefulness.
Calling the user a retard doesn't help your argument only shows your hatred.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using the word "retarded" only shows your hatred.
Other words that do not promote a culture of hate would be better suited to make your point and support your argument.
These types of words are considered hateful and should not be used to make arguments seeing as it can be seen as very offensive.
This is a hateful term and is inappropriate to use.
We should try to avoid demeaning  words.
Using offensive language doesn't make anyone seem intelligent.
Please refrain from using such derogatory terms in your argument.
Hateful people exist in all races not just specific ones we have bad experiences with.
"B--ch" and "Fa--ot" are terms of hate and do not belong in this forum.
I still wondering how win the world she did all this without him getting away.
"Tw-t" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
My European ancestors sure did have a way of dressing.
Both use of "the r word" and hate speech about women cause offence and should be avoided in this forum.
Dating can be really fun. Even the bad dates. It makes good stories with your friends for years to come.
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
I love walking simulators!
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
Nothing is going to happen. We get these reports every year on both sides.
Cu--ts" used to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop bashing females because of their gender.
Fa--ots" is potentially a term of hate and is best avoided here.
Stop bashing others for their gender or sexuality.
Dude the reason you've had horrible interactions with women is that you're not self-aware enough to realize you're the problem.
Stop gender bashing and being ugly to women.
I would love to see what you look like without all those Reddit muscles.
Stop gender bashing!
Stop bashing sexuality and political values.
Your fierce disdain for the LGBT community makes me question how secure you are sexually...
Your post does not need to use sexist language for you to express your disapproval of the situation.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and must be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please don't perpetuate sexist stereotypes of women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Well I am glad the reservation is now complete. The Lord does appreciate a sense of humor but I'm not sure he's laughing much today.
Other words equally harsh and less offensive can be used to describe said people.
I don't even know or want to know what a pre divorce ceremony is. The actual divorce party is enough for me!
n/a
Cops shouldn't get a bonus for not assaulting people. It's their job to be professional and the bigger
n/a
Homophobic or ableist remarks are not accepted on this site. Further such hate speech will lead to an IP ban.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of that slur is offensive as it demeans woman.
We all know what that ableist language means. Pretending you don't understand won't prevent you from being banned if you continue using it.
You sure do make their case for them if you can't defend gaming without resorting to transphobia and sexism. Contine to do so and be banned.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable--it is offensive hurtful and derogatory towards all women.
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used to better your argument.
Language like that is offense to large groups of people. Calling names is not funny in anyway. It demotes entire races.
I really hope you know the history that goes into both of those words. Both derogatory and both shouldn't be used to get a laugh.
Lnaguage to dehumanize woment is low and not appropriate. It is harmful to everyone. We need women to be brought up as they are equal.
While I agree with your statement I don't agree with your use of the 'c' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
racism does nothing but hurt the whole reason for the kneeling protest.  your behavior just proves their point more
Some people aren't worth engaging with; just downvote and move on.
Various insults are all denigrating people and are not acceptable in decent conversation.
We all want equality for everybody and it should start with the way we talk to people. Respect begets respect.
Addiction is a serious mental illness that should be addressed better; insulting addicts doesn't help.
Use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Calling names is calling names which is not respectful.
You're going to need to do more convincing than calling people names if they use Facebook.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
I agree but the name calling doesn't seem necessary. Could we verify this?
This conversation is ridiculous and you all need to stop. This is largely anti-women speech and unacceptable.
Watch the language. This is uncalled for.
Everyone is entitled to comment on any sub they wish. If you're quiet and listen you may learn something.
Using words that demean a person's gender identity do not cause productive conversation.
i would delete the whole conversation   its violent and is against women
id delete the whole post and id kick off user 9 for a week but id entirely kick user 10 off the platform
id delete the both comments and penalize both user 1 and user 2
B--ch" c--t "ret--d" "ret---ed" are offensive terms and need to avoided here.
Sad that you think a comment consisting of nothing but offensive language actually adds to the discussion.
This whole conversation is stupid but you are out of line. Watch the language.
Using offensive language doesn't make you seem very intelligent.
Watch the language. This is inappropriate.
Sad that you think using ableist slurs is actually adding to the discussion.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
Offensive language makes it impossible to respect your opinion.
This isn't appropriate. Watch the language.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Stop body shaming and using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using racist and politically motivated choices as insults.
That word is a derogatory term and should not b used when expressing your opinions in the public realm.
Using the term "c--t(s)" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Get that language out of here.  Society has progressed beyond the point of accepting the use of derogatory and offensive statements
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
Why do you have to be so offensive when talking about someone.  You could have said nothing at all.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Unless you're from Australia that word has a highly offensive social context. Do not use it.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using derogatory language is no way to get any point across.
Using derogatory language like that makes it hard to respect any opinion you might have.
Using misogynistic language isn't any way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
I wish your parents had taught you not to use slurs.
Thank you for your mature and level headed input.
I'd say the one being offensive here is you since you're calling people slurs.
These terms do nothing to inflate your argument.
Let's not call women slurs here. We're supposed to be better people than that.
These replies are disgusting and incredibly sexist.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Using offensive language makes it hard for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Hard to take you seriously with all the offensive language.
Slang term for people with disabilies is not permitted
Using ableist slurs doesn't really seem like it really adds anything to the discussion.
Slang terms for people with disabilities is not permitted
Can't take you seriously with all the offensive language.
I can't tell you what you can or cannot say
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Clearly you don't understand Moroccans. Using goat-f*** is truly such profanity and hate. Using the R word is totally undignified
Don't get me wrong I understand your argument but using the derogatory terms about the mentally challenged isn't right either.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive slurs.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using ableist slurs isn't really a good way to get your point across.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language to try and get your point through.
There is no need for you to use words like that
There are other words you can use besides such a vulgar word.
To use the C word to describe elected officials is not acceptable. Any more speech of this type will get you removed.
You are a special kind of vile human being for speaking that way
There are nicer words to use; be conscious of other's feelings.
The use of the C word to describe individuals in realtionships or out of them is unnacceptable and will not be tolerated at all.
Please refrain from using those words to describe someone.
The way you are describing individuals is completely unacceptable and offensive and will not be tolerated here.
There are other words you can use to describe someone other than that.
The means in which you are describing individuals is unacceptable and demeaning and will not be tolerated.
Even if Murkowski does not see your comment it is rather offensive to call someone that name
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
That kind of comment is inappropriate and will not be tolerated immediately deleted if it continues
Wow didnt mother teach you if you dont have something constructive to add to remain silent?
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
The use of that word is unacceptable no matter how it was meant and will be deleted
She might be wrong but no man should ever put his hands on a lady.
n/a
As a woman I just cannot truly understand the extreme some feminists will go. I love men and everyone love each other!
n/a
Removing the feather is really unnecessary. It is like we are trying to remove all culture from gaming. I hate it.
n/a
Hate speech has no place in this conversation
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
Use of the c-word is derogatory and hurtful to all women and not acceptable in our conversations.
Not all females are the same or deserve to be lumped together with hate speech... shitty people are shitty people but don't play their games
Instead of using derogatory or outdated remarks
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Our own personal experience with this matter is not relevant. One experience is not the same as someone else's.
Using the words 'white trash' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their race
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
The vocabulary from users needs to refrain from the use of  words you would not want to hear your 5 year old say.
No political bashing of any kind is tolerated
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Mods aren't of any level.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This answer degrades women.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This speech attacks women for their gender.
n/a
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please illustrate the points of your argument without insulting vulnerable groups.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
It is not constructive to use a term meant to describe one group now a pejorative to insult another. It harms groups and stops discussion.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
I wouldn't use that word as an insult.  It's demeaning towards women.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
There's no reason to escalate to name calling over someone liking a video game.
This term is demeaning towards the mentally handicapped.  It's not necessary to use this kind of language in your response.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
You're literally the example they're talking about acting as if violence is only done by Arabs.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Please don't show such enmity with your words.
Calling each other names does not add any credibility to either side of this debate.
Please express your concerns in a way that is less insulting to others and more objective.
Name calling does not add any strength to your argument.
Please convey your feelings in a way that is kinder and less demeaning.
While one may not agree with another point of view calling someone names does not add any validity to your stance on the subject.
Please try to foster a positive environment with your comments and not hatred.
An incredibly sexist remark. Needless to say perhaps you should look into Marie Curie Rosalind Franklin Barbara McClintock and others.
It is one thing to have preferences. It is another to shame others for their looks or opinions. This is very offensive and unnecessary.
Don't use derogatory terms like this.  this is demeaning and offensive to people with real mental conditions.
There is a lot going on here. It goes without saying one's profession does not define who they are. And please brush up on your history.
Social media can actually be a useful tool when used appropriately and leveraged for the right reasons.
I know you probably don't realize that using the word retarded is hurtful to people that have children or family with this.
Was this language really necessary.  You could have said anything else but instead you pick a harmful and offensive term.
I think there are better ways to express how you're feeling that to describe it that way. Can we rephrase that?
You're projecting your fear all over.
I still say that men aren't supposed to leave any women alone being assaulted. It is just not moral.
Yes
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Agreed comic books and their movies are just not the same.
I would love to see your moms' reaction to that sentiment.
I don't think we need another remake of Charlies Angels this will be the third one I believe.
You're easily offended.
Anyone who has sex I think is considered a 'sexual'.
I wonder if you'll ever find love and acceptance from women given how you treat them. Women are more than their parts.
Would you like if someone used that language about your daughter/mother/sister? No.
Using that word to say that someone is not smart is offensive.It is a medical condition you are born with and shouldn't be used as an insult
If you're  on the left
Using medical diseases as insults is not acceptable. And you're off topic completely.
Why are people always using a medical condition someone is born with as a verb to call someone/something stupid?!
We do not fear hate speech we detest it. You are alienating yourself from the rest of humanity and you will be left behind by the future.
Using a derogatory term is not going to help get your point across any better in fact it will do the complete opposite.
I still don't get where the woman issues come into play regarding a bow and arrow.
Ableist comments have no place in any logical conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
JourneyQuest producers shouldn't of pulled this just because of a Tweet that they've got no control over.
You might have had a good point but you ruined it with the ableist slur.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Ableist slurs have no place in any sort of conversation.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Just because someone has a disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
I hope you don't kiss your momma with that mouth
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Making fun of people because of their sex or disability isn't going to solve anything.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they're dumb.
The use of foul language doesn't make the point any more valid.
All of the foul language and name calling shows a lack of understanding the topic.
Not all women are this way. I just want to be loved and protected.
The foul language and accusations of others has absolutely nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
She was wrong bottom line. We all have bad days and cannot go around lying about rape.
Calling someone such a foul name speaks volumes about that persons characteristics.
I would never get a breast reduction even if they hurt. That is one thing that makes me feel like a woman.
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary.
Russia has been getting involved with US politics more in the last two years than ever. Unless the news is making it up.
Complaining about stupidity
Dumb or Stupid would work here.
I don't know what happened to you to feel the need to demonize women
That is a disgusting thing to say when so many have actually suffered from that crime.
Let's replace the non PC word with dumb or stupid or even not smart!
It takes a large sense of entitlement to just slur a person based on their gender and think you're oh so clever
That's a highly offensive word that you shouldn't use bro
Please find a different word to describe women you do not like.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Yes this is a stupid conversation. Let's avoid this kind of language though.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Also you're projecting.
This is uncalled for. You need to reexamine your language.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that word usage.
Please avoid this type of language here. This is uncalled for.
Muslim countries and the United States are not the only countries which things like this are illegal.
Maybe try re-reading your messages before posting ... then you'd realize your own ignorance.
Doing some research of the "LGBT community" and maybe meeting with LGBT people would probably help you in that aspect.
Oh yeah that's extremely mature ... advocating violence. You're a real tough guy.
Man you guys are gonna get yourselves kicked out of here for talking like that.
The terms "f---ot" "reta--d" and the "n-word" are bigoted and do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
While expressing your views refrain from insulting others who do not agree with your views. It is not tolerated on this site.
Using the offensive misogynistic language completely undermines any point you had.
While your views are appreciated hate speech is not tolerated in this forum. Refrain from name calling immediately.
Using ableist slurs doesn't make anyone seem worth listening to.
Where we value your feedback and thoughts we do NOT tolerate or allow any form of hate speech towards any population.
Using insults or hate speech isn't allowed via this forum and continuing to insult other populations will result in you being banned.
Offensive language adds nothing to the discussion and makes anyone who uses it seems unintelligent.
Please do not let you personal anger spread to others.  this term is demeaning and derogatory to a substantial portion of the population.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
While on the subject of seeing people as people.  why do you insist on using derogatory terms to describe people?
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
You need to rethink your use of certain words.  Our society has progressed to the point where these sort of terms have no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
Harmful and offensive language is completely uncalled for.  Your points could have been made without ever having to utter slurs
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Was that term really necessary.  You could have said stupid dumb uncalled for or basically any other thing that is not a slur.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Refrain from using the word "retarded".  Many users find it offensive
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Warning or Ban.  Harassment will not be tolerated on this site.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Let's try to refrain from using hateful ableist language in this subreddit.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Many users find it offensive.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Avoid using the term "retards." it is offensive to many users.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the sub
Warning. "Cunt is viewed as an offensive term."
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That label is hurtful to many. Please rephrase your question.
I will not proclaim to know your relationship with your son's mother
Judging by the way you choose to see the world it seems she doesn\'t have to try hard to destroy your "reputation".
This is standard procedure by police when an altercation is reported nobody is being targeted unfairly here!
n/a
I can see that you're trying to defend someone's rights but the same principle applies to you about your insulting choice of words.
I can see that you're trying to interpret doctrine but there is no need to introduce such vivid threats.
n/a
You need to take more responsibility for your lack of self control.
n/a
Don't use the r-word when speaking about people. Several people have been affecting by intellectual disabilities and that's very offensive.
The use of foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Don't use the r-word while replying to people. Nearly everyone is affected in some way by intellectual disabilities and it's offensive.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Women aren't entitled to explain their presence in the world to you.
This comment attacks a woman for her gender
It might help you be happier not to assume that all women are out to get you.
This speech attacks women
It isn't kind to use people's sexuality as an insult even if you are trying to help.
This speech attacks LGBT people.
You don't know who that woman is or why she reacted that way
This attacks women with offensive language
Someone being wrong does not equal them being unintelligent. Someone saying something you don't like does not equal them being unintelligent
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the "c---" here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women.
"C--t" "b--ch" as well as "pu--y" and its variants are are sexist terms of hate and so forbidden in this forum.
Use other words like stupid or dumb.
"Fa--ot" as used here offends many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Re---ds" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
"Ret--ded" is not appropriate term for the mentally disabled.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans gays.
Using the word retard as an insult is hateful and cannot be used here.
That isn't always true. As a female we cannot say or do a lot of things.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the word cunt to describe a woman negatively is hateful and must stop.
I am glad the judge even sees when things don't look right or line up. All these witch hunts really need to stop.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans hurts and offends others.
These racially generalized statements are hateful to all groups they target do not insult general racial populations.
As a female I too don't understand the feminism extreme ways sometimes.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using a hate word doesn't make you a bigger or better person. It does the complete opposite.
Hey there! Do not use that type of hateful language referring to sexual orientation.
I believe this language is offensive and intended to incite anger amongst others.  I think censoring this user is the proper thing to do!
There is no reason for you to respond in a vulgar manner regarding disability and sexual genitalia
I understand the frustration and the angst but I do not believe this language is appropriate.
Glad you're woke to the meaning behind that gross word and up to date on all of the problems women face in India. Congratulations.
Hey there please do not use that type of sexual language when responding.
I know this woman's behavior was terrible but I believe calling her vulgar things is not necessary.
I understand that everyone is entitled to their opinion however I do not find your language appropriate!
Most women don't drive free cars. That doesn't even make sense. And your language describing the woman is just absurd.
Hey you can post on here without using vulgar sexual terms.
Yes the woman may have been high or crazy but I don't think calling her names and assuming the worst is a wise thing to do!
The labels don't really help the conversation
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
this guy's either a cop...or having baby Mama issues
let's keep it objective...Book Of Wisdom refers to God's potency as a female
Honestly without women there wouldn't be any men. We all need each other so let's just love and hug.
I guess I'm going to have to tell my kids they cannot call a tee-shirt ugly but only that they dislike it.
That's incorrect because racism involves being prejudiced against a minority or oppressed population and your hate speech is not tolerated
Tell me your opinion please with less revolting words and more objectivity.
The use of that word is not necessary and it will not be tolerated because it is hate speech toward women.
Express yourself in a manner that is more agreeable and less harmful to others.
That language is hate speech toward women and will not be tolerated here.  Be more intelligent and use appropriate words.
You can say whatever you want
Please lay off the horrible language and use communications that are going to inspire.
That really is not necessary to use hate speech in your comment and the hate speech (toward women) will not be tolerated
I observe that you have some concerns but please don't debase the innocent with your hurtful words.
This whole conversation is offensive but in particular you used hate speech against people with disabilities and will not be tolerated here
Hey guys let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Both the chinese and the developmentally delayed don't deserve those slurs.
You can't define people by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Hey let's treat black people with more respect.
To act like those of a race all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Unfortunately if you use slurs you will get judged. Like you. Stop using slurs.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Do nothing since it's harmless
Do nothing
That's a lot of accusations in one statement.  You might need to fact check some of your statements.
C--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are gratuitously offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
tell user 3 to stop being so libtarded
Let's keep the convo civil. Dumb or stupid would suffice.
And language like that just adds fuel to their fire...
I'd prefer that you not use the r-word on this thread.
Don't give them more bait.
Thanks User 2 for reminding us not to use the r-word here.
Pretty ableist when you put it like that
Hey let's keep this space open for neuroatypical users. Thanks.
You don't have to like alimony but you do have to refrain from using the r-word on this thread.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Have you ever thought about how all those other taxpayers feel about your "bad" vote?
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
You know
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
manthere were a million other adjectives you could have used that would have said the same thing.
"you probably shouldn\'t call her that when you don\'t actually know her"
C'mon guys. i cant even follow what could be informative here because of all the muck.  i cant even hand around to listen.
"Maybe travel there or somewhere else in the world to see what people are like but otherwise you can\'t judge based on where they\'re from. "
The title here actually rails against a defeatist attitude AND ask about positivity. maybe we can get back on track.
"You should do more research on Canada as a country and on the rates of migration before being able to form a solid opinion. "
hey man i think that "r" word slipped on you on accident. All your other language points are so well made.
"Don\'t resort to calling people names just because you want to explain how their job works a little better.:
While her behavior is terrible all women do not deserve to be insulted on account of their vagina.
Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I'm sure this woman is perfectly intelligent although if not there's nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled.
Using the word retard to call someone stupid is hateful and offensive so don't do it
In my opinion using slurs is a crime against all people. In this case specifically women. Please stop.
Using cunt to refer to a woman is hateful and disrespectful
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that word.
Hey dude! No need to use such offensive language! Could you make this more friendly so I can participate without feeling like a bad person?
Please stop using slurs for peoples' sexual choices.
It's hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use those words.
Please stop insulting others due to their sexual choices race or gender.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
You could say 'I was only pretending to be silly' or 'ignorant' instead.
Please don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Let's keep it G rated.
that word is unnecessary.  You can express your opinion without using a derogatory term for people with disabilities.
Please try to avoid using words like retarded as some viewers may be offended by that improper use of that word.
Please do not use that word.  It is derogatory and incredibly offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please use G rated words there are other viewers that may be offended by your words.
Please refrain from using offensive language as this forum is not intended to accommodate offensive material.
The offensive and derogatory language is unnecessary.  Your opinion can be expressed without using that word.
Please refrain from using such offensive strong language thank you.
Pleae do not use that derogatory and offensive term to express your opinion.  It is unnecessary.
When arguing your point using hate speech and excessive cursing undermines the validity of what you are saying.
Using the term 'faggots' to describe a certain political ideology is bigoted and wrong.
The belittlement of women gaining equality in rights is uncalled for. Please take a moment and respect those that are not the same as you.
Using the term "dumb cunts" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Using the term "repulsive cunt" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Looking down on others for having different views is narrow minded. Take a moment and respect your peers please.
Saying "commie retarded faggots" is hurtful and bigoted language and I hope that you can please stop.
Hate speech regardless of how it is used does not help improve the validity of anyone's argument.
Using that kind of language toward African-Americans is bigoted and disgusting. Do not generalize people.
To define people by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
While we respect everyone's opinions
Stop using a gender based insults.
The term retard is offensive. Please refrain form further use of it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Speaking of red pills... did you know that 6 of the 7 dwarves required a red pill in order to perform?
The slur used here is offensive because it comes from or is associated with a place of hate toward homosexuality and so is not okay!
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hateful and hurtful toward all women.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
There's no reason to offend all women just to make express your displeasure.
You seem so obsessed with women.
There's no reason here to use such a derogatory term for homosexuals. We get it. You're angry. Control your communication more.
It's no wonder women don't flock in your direction.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Sit and think before you post and comment. This will help avoid taking and giving offense and get rid of the use of hate speech.
Your post is lacking in information. Instead of name calling try explaining your thoughts and feelings on the issue. Be open to new ideas.
Please use words that can express your views without damaging others' reputations.
Most of this is using a bad word where a kinder one would work. Instead of using anecdotal evidence try looking into the topic more.
A different word would equally and more kindly say the same thing. Try to calm yourself down before posting.
If it is actually "a thing" then use the proper grammar of capitalization as well as posting a source otherwise it seems you are lying.
I'm trying to figure out how that makes you better.
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
words like cuntwhore and bitch are inappropriate as they directly attack people based on their gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used in this context. It's derogatory.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or shows care.
Even using that word to say "do not say it\' is not right.
This comment is extremely offensive. You should not have used the 'n' word
Using a derogatory word to describe someone is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
The 'd' word should not be used lightly
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
There was no reason for you to use the 'r' word
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to a meaningful conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While you may feel strongly this way there is nothing added by using foul language. Your post without the language is simpler and good.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You can feel this way and even express it without having to use a harsh word. It does not help express your point. You look like the bad guy
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Saying mean things does not make you right nor does it forward the conversation. You can make your point without it.
You do not have to quote the person directly. You can say something to take the place of the word instead like "n-word" which is often used
Retarded is an offensive word that doesn't need to be used to describe people you disagree with.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
These words do not add to the post nor do they help you make your point. Try and be kinder to others and yourself.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Hey i know the user didn't agree with your opinion and wasn't particularly nice but I think you should have taken the high road.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think thats appropriate and you are just being a troll
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Look
Please don't use sexist and ableist insults in your posts.  It's not helping your arguments and it does nothing to enhance the conversation.
Whether a mask looks bad or not is subjective. The use of slurs
Please don't use ableist insults in your comments.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation of the sub.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Please avoid using ableist insults in your comments.  It isn't doing anything to help your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
It was a joke but we don't need to repeat any derogatory remarks about people right?
Do not be so rude. Try using adult language.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use  words like those.
Instead of using those terrible terms we can say something like she just steps out of line that explains fine without the derogatory marks
Trivial language makes you look like you are intellectually challenged. Try to clean it up.
I think instead of judging the woman for their choices we should just support them.
Try not to be rude when describing women.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
You may have had a bad experience with the police but generally they are out in the community to help not to harm us.
Other words that might be used in this instance are dumb or stupid.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
I think the world has just become so sensitive but we don't need to be using certain terms or blaming certain genders for things.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I think that we all can agree with our feelings towards this group. It's easy to get heated when talking about something so sensitive.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to use that sort of terminology! I get it can be annoying to see posts like this but lets cool it with this kind of language.
If you guys weren't bonafide women-repellants you would have an accurate idea of what modern women actually look like.
You attract the kind of people who you are most like.
I understand your point
Okay first of all stop implying the existence of intellectually disabled people is an insult.
Mental considerations aside they simply feel strongly about the depiction of a personification of a computer program.
It is a muddy and messy subject. If you feel strongly about it you should lobby to have it changed.
Hey guys comparing people to monkeys is dehumanizing. Please try to be kinder to each other.
This is a big bag of worms. Etiquette is determined very heavily by the local culture but we should probably avoid derogatory language.
Offensive language based on  disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Slow down on the C word
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
People like using the R word so much that they don't even realize there are better words to use.
Defining someone as mentally ill without actually knowing them is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
stop gender bashing.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't pick on gender or political choices.
Don't bash people for their religious choices.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't gender bash!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop with the gender bashing.
Let's try to keep the bad language to a minimum. Stupid would be a good word to use here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their political views and medical conditions.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing peoples' religion and medical conditions.
Let's try to use African American instead.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their sexuality and nationality.
I am so confused. If you didn't play than never started.
Please don\'t use the term "retarded."  Many users find it offensive.
Yes all Americans should make the same amount of money based on performance and education.
All that is needed to say is that when someone falsely accuses another of anything it's because something is hiding in their own closest.
Re--rd" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Ret--ded" and "jew girl" both show insensitivity and a lack of respect they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Morality good or bad is not categorized by gender.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
We shouldn't downplay victims just because they come from privileged backgrounds.
I'm not sure if your mother would share the same view.
Your post contains sexist language it would be better for you to express your views without such language.
People's sexuality aren't things we should trivalize.
I dont think you can compare Mods to pedophiles.
Please don't use language that insults people based on their sexual orientation.
I think maybe you should write to them and explain them your point of view about the situation. Maybe someone in charge will figure it out.
hey guys I think we should all consider that people have different kinds of intelligence. Let's not be so bold about this.
No one deserves to die and no one has the right to choose who lives or dies.
In this kind of situation it can be confusing for people and behaviors become unstable. In her head it was the good thing to do.
Let's not get so bold about this please. Respect each other.
Men are not so good to express themselves the western world because they must stay ''strong''. Let's leave women aside on this issue.
It sounds like you have a right to be frustrated but violence does not cure violence.
Sad you think it's funny to use offensive slurs.
Omit profanity when describing people.  Use socially appropriate pronouns
It's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Avoid using the term [retarded]. It is considered hate speech towards the develomentally disabled
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It's a dumb rule but you dont need to call it that.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Perhaps referring to someone as genitalia  doesn't really serve to get your point across.
Just because you dont share the same views as them doesnt mean yuo get to attack them and make yourself feel superior.
Using the word 'retardation'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Perhaps you should consider that attributing diseases to a website is illogical.
Using derogatory language isn't making it easy to respect whatever opinion you have.
Leave the last word out and you have a point.
Using misogynistic slurs as an argument doesn't really prove a point.
Gentlemen please this back and forth has completely gone off topic.
Using racial slurs in an attempt at humor is never funny.
Your comment doesn't really apply to the topic.
Using offensive language like that is no way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
We are all used in some way but that certainly doesn't make someone worthless.
Using offensive slurs in an attempt at humor isn't as funny as you think it is.
Something mentality wrong is at play here so maybe its not smart to make fun of this person.
There is nothing constructive being discussed here at all.
You'd be a lot more persuasive if you didn't use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
I understand that you have a perspective to defend but using that word does not help your argument.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
This is not necessary.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed when taunts and insults overshadow the rest.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Retarded" is a word that is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging to the otherwise capable. Moronic and idiotic however
Please refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
There is no need use labels so senselessly.
Refrain from using the word "retard." some users find it offensive.  Don\'t use the term "faggot" it is considered hate speech. Warning.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks are used.
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Please Do not use offensive language
Please let's keep a proper language thank you
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms when referring to others.
Please don't use that type of offensive terms
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
The labels and insults don't move any conversation along... or the weak humor for that matter
I was abused badly by my ex-husband and I struggled to get out. Never did the thought of killing my 3 kids came to mind!
Outdated hurtful labels don't help any discussion along
The vague racist overtones of african americans stealing bikes wasn't  so vague.
Broad generalizations don't help any discussion along...or hurtful humor for that matter
That is true. People only see what you allow them to see. Just like online profiles. Nobody knows I'm married unless I put in the profile.
Hurtful labels and generalizations don't help the conversation along
If Mueller has the evidence than he can have them arrested. We all just have to be patient and wait this one out.
The hurtful label hurts lots of good people remember...and isn't worth a weak sad chuckle
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Calling someone by this term is derogatory to females.  It effects your character and shouldn't be used
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
That term is demeaning towards the gay community.  Your words can hurt even if they aren't directed.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Re--rd(s) and" "bit-h" are terms of hate and should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Referring to African Americans as monkeys is disgusting and hateful.
Look into the laws and the Constitution more as you seem to be lacking in understanding. Your post feels mean and ignorant of US law.
Using this word does nothing to your post but make me want to ignore it. If you want to add to the OP then do not use such harsh words.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You can feel this way but there are better ways to express it. It would also help to explain why you feel this way.
Don't bash peoples' nationality or medical conditions.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Just because you disagree or dislike some thing does not mean you can attack it. I would encourage you to speak to the people you attack.
People should have the free rights to practice whatever sexuality they're comfortable with as far as it doesn't harm others.
There isn't a need to be angry over this nor is there ever a need to use a slur that is unrelated to what is being discussed.
People from every background and sexual orientation suffer emotional trauma. It's not exclusive to gay people.
Even in a self-deprecatory way there's no need to use hateful labels on yourself nor confine your past self to that label.
Dressing in certain ways is no sure guarantee of one's sexuality as people have different fetishes.
Your convoluted sentence was not improved by adding a descriptive slur. Rephrase your opinions without being hateful.
Your colorful anecdote isn't brightened up by using a slur. Paint your picture with a different word next time.
Please refrain from the harsh language as it is demeaning.
This term is offensive to women and should be used.  I'm sure you would be hurt if this was directed at you.
Please tell your thoughts without the loathing comments but instead use more pleasant words.
Please stop saying things that are so revolting as they are offensive to others.
Using this word is demeaning towards women.  It is totally unnecessary to use it as an insult
Please curb the abominable speech and use words that more friendly.
This term is offensive to mentally challenged people.  You words can be hurtful towards people other than your intended target.
Avoid the negative comments please because they are hurtful and disrespectful to others.
Using these words as a derogatory comment towards someone else it hurtful.
I don't understand why you think offensive language adds anything to your comment.
You make your point without denigrating females...
We do not generalize them. There will always be bad apples but not as many as the good ones.
we need to be sensitive in using the word retards. It is a disability you won't like any member of the family to have.
Using slurs doesn't make anyone seem very intelligent.
That is a highly offensive term that shouldn't be used at all let alone to a friend
That is not so nice.
Sad that you think it's funny to use ableist slurs.
Yeah generalizing an entire group of people is real smart.
we need to be careful to our choice of words especially if it refers to a disability no one wants to have.
This comment is offensive and hostile. User will no longer be permitted to comment on this platform.
You talk about Incels as being stupid. Don't be like them. Clean up your language.
Guys you shouldn't even use that language to talk about how you don't like that language
Unfortunately this comment is being flagged as offensive and will be taken down.
I think the point is made more strongly by user 2 without such offensive language
This comment is being flagged for its inappropriate and offensive language. Your account will be suspended on this platform.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
I guess you don't like her from the name calling.
Use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
Sexual slurs do not equate a a dishonest business.
Slurs used here to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people.
Bullying in an argument about not bullying seems ironic.
This hatred has nothing to do with video games.
It's really silly to attack a liberal strawman just to feel good about yourself.
an assumption of someone's political affiliation while using hateful words to attack it and imply threats is not welcome in this discourse
You don't even know her how can you use that kind of language.
Hateful speech about women is hurtful and offensive and therefore has no place in our conversations.
You can make your points without calling them names and thus stooping to their level.
name-calling doesn't help you make your point.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
do not  use  words used in the 60's hatred era
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
Please don't use the r-word. 30 years ago the intellectually disabled were institutionalized. We deserve the right to participate in society
30 years ago we were electing KKK Grand Wizards to Congress. This is nothing new.
Wow
This is blatant hate. Do not degrade women because you do not agree with their opinion. Gender does not decide superiority.
I'd like to know how you came up with that horribly outdated opinion.
Please watch your tone. Please refrain from using offensive language in your replies.
hey there is no reason to use hateful terms about a person mental disability.
Your comment is very offensive. If you are going to keep posting offensive comments you will be banned.
Woah that is uncalled for. Do not use vulgar language.
Hey please do not use that nasty language on your posts.
Your offensive comments are not appropriate. Please refrain from using offensive language in your comments.
Stop using rude insults that pertain to someones mental disability
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
You need to educate yourselves better.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
I think you need to mix more with people of different sexualities.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
Well using mentally disabled slang isn't going to get anyone taken seriously either Some feminist go to extremes but not all.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Although everyone has their own insights on the matter it is our job to set aside our differences to support the newer generations.
The term 'rancid cunt' is an attack on women and should not be used.
You are allowed to have your own opinion but please keep your comments to yourself. We do not permit that type of language.
no one deserves to be attacked no matter what she said about them.
Let us refrain from using inappropriate terminology to discuss ethnicity along with the R word.
you don't need to use slurs to get your point across. it makes people stop listening.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please stop spreading hate on the internet and go do something productive with your life.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please stop insulting women and lesbians by using slurs.
Use of this slur to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of lesbians.
Just because times were bad doesn't mean they can't be better now. Slurs won't help anything.
The use of the r-word is hurtful because it denigrates people with mental disabilities and therefore is unacceptable.
Please don't use that word unless you're English or referring to cigarettes.
This slur denigrates homosexuals and is therefore unacceptable in our discourse.
Hey using slurs contributes to a hateful society. Instead of using the r-word or the c-word let's build a kinder world.
Use of these slurs to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Wow I think using the intellectually disabled as an insult like that is out of line.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Ret--ded" and "b--ch" are offensive terms of hate; such blatant disrespect must be avoided in this forum.
While the situation might seem stupid that's no reason to compare it to the intellectually disabled.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
While y'all is a southern thing
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Hey people attempting to modify language does not give you a free pass to dehumanize them.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Let's not use that language to imply someone is gay. If he is it's his business.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
How about we not use any offensive names and respect each other?
Stop putting down peoples' sexual choices.
Please do not refer to people this way.  You are hurting people's feelings.
Stop gender and sexuality bashing!
Its not cool to use the R word at all.  There's a better way to call someone stupid.
Stop gender bashing womens ' choices.
Those are all fitting consequences for a perpetrator of rape. This is why women don't report. Proof is hard to come by.
I know you're mad but that language is not necessary.  Don't call them that.
Stop gender bashing.
There could be fanfiction out there but I don't know anyone who is thinks of Trump in a sexual manner.
You're making way too many assumptions about people's genders.
It's normal to want to be in an intimate relationship with other people.  Not all women are 'weak' and not all men are 'strong'.
Mental retardation is not an insult. Why do you think it is?
There are a lot of other remarks that people can use that would be of greater use than calling people derogatory terms based on who they are
I know you are quoting someone but that hate speech will not be tolerated.  That is offensive to women and people with disabilities.
Stop the political choice and gender based insults.
Not only is your statistic wrong you are using hate speech toward women which will not be tolerated here.
Stop the racist insults.
The language you both used is extremely offensive toward the Black community and will not be tolerated.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
The word you used is hate speech toward people with disabilities and will not be tolerated.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Wilson is a beautiful woman making money off that beauty. I don't think that is bad
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think we are missing the point of this article
Mentally challenged individuals are highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance.
Red Dead Redemption 2 shouldn't be pushing that agenda or even bringing attention to it. Shame on them.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Racism is taught you are not born racist.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
There are manners of discussing opinions on this woman's actions which do not involve a direct attack insinuating violence and hatred.
calm down please. I see why you are upset. She probably just wanted to have a very simple hair cut in a short time.
"Ret--ds" and "c--t(s)" are offensive terms of hatred and should be avoided in this forum.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word "re---ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Variants of the "n word" as well as "re--rd" are offensive terms of hate and may not be used in this forum.
Degrading comments about racial slang as well as words for mental delay are hateful do not use them
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not do it here
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and hate speech directed at a religion  are each offensive and must  be avoided
Making generalized insults about a person's religion is hateful do not do it
I feel like you are purposefully misunderstanding the argument made here by taking it literally.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Perhaps you can understand why women are calling this behavior toxic considering your response.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I feel like you're using the double meaning of this word intentionally to offend.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
This seems to be used here to score points but it's a legitimate medical issue that you should read more about.
I've had the same issues you have.  Do me a favor and watch the wording though it can be offensive to some.
"Ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
I totally understand your point but watch the wording if you would.  It's really not appropriate in this day and age.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Watch the nasty words about the mentally challenged it only takes away from your argument.  I totally get it by the way.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Watch the name-calling dude.
How original an insult... /s
A lot of people don't know by the CDC actually has a plan posted on the website for a zombie attack.
No need for the strong language there bud.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Let them dress how they want but I agree that it's probably more mentally healthy to pick one gender.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
This does not add to the post and is rude. If you want to criticize the say something other than name calling.
Use of the c-word as a slur is offensive and hurtful to all woman.
Instead of name calling explain why you feel this way. This will open the door to conversation and for someone to "change your mind."
Use of this slur is hurtful to people with homosexual orientation as well as most people because it is so hate-filled.
Your comments are slightly off topic and not based in fact. Do some research instead of going off your opinion.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There is no reason to attack anyone but you are  attacking the woman more than the man. There is no reason to blame her for his actions.
Use of hateful slurs is defiling the conversation and offends women--there is no place for such hurtful speech in a reasonable discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Why do you have to use derogatory terms as part of your vocabulary.  This language is incredibly offensive and should not be used.
This r-word is offensive and hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and your homophobia is showing.
Is your language really necessary?  Just because you disagree with them does not give you the right to insult them with offensive language.
This slur is no longer acceptable in our discourse because of its offensive nature about homosexual orientation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. Not to mention
That language is unnecessary.  You can get your point across without using a derogatory insult.
The c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
The word used is offensive to women and is very unnecessary.
Sounds like the French are taking this really serious.
Then it's time to run or jump out a window to safety!
Regardless of her mistakes we still don't need to call her names.
Calling a woman by that name does not assist in proving a point. Please use acceptable language.
Not only should he get that money but she needs to be arrested!
I don't feel like this is something worth getting so upset over.
The use of this word in this context or at all is not condoned.
I keep hearing about that show I need to check it out today.
The word retard should not be used in this context or at all as it is offensive.
I have been hearing a lot about Science being false. I guess my Bible was true after all...
Please don't use gender degrading words.
The term "c--t" is a bigoted term of ignorance and so does not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Both the "n word" and racial stereotyping are offensive and not permitted in this forum.
stop using gender degrading terms.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop using gender degrading word.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Just because you disagree with the decision that she made gives you no right to use such demeaning language.  Erase it from your vocabulary
You really shouldn't judge someone before you know the whole story she could have been coerst into joining this group she is a young girl.
I don't understand why you would attack more than half of american teachers just because they are female you need to grow up.
Please don't use derogatory terms in your posts.  This word is offensive to a substantial portion of our population and should not be used
No one is going to take you seriously using words like that come back when you can speak like an adult.
This was a civil conversation until you opened your mouth why don't you go back to your parents basement.
That word is meant to disparage the handicapable. Disgusting
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That may or may not be the case but most can spell "truly" correctly
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This person's sexuality and your ignorance have no bearing on the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender and/or  disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Fa--ot" and "re==rd
Nothing can be said these types of people can't be reasoned with.
Trying to offend others by hurling insults only demeans yourself by your hurtful speech.
Ret---ation" is not to be used it is a term of hate.
n/a
Use of the word retardation here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
I think a lot of citizens don't realize how many hard choices a president has to make.
That word is vulgar type in Obama in the Urban Dictionary.The "C" word will be in the past after you do. You\'re welcome.
We should let every human live their life in a way that makes them happy as long as it doesn't hurt anyone.
This is a plethora of not PC words. Glad GLAAD isn't here. Non-conformist transgender intersexual=same thing he said but acceptable.
Think about it this way. These women are someone's mother
after the walkout there should be one to end the use of derogatory names of ladies private place.
It's really unhealthy to be this angered over other's political beliefs. We should come together for the better good.
This is an enthusiastic bunch I can hear animosity in each slur very impressive time to use our adult words now
On your way to get that award I could really use a hug or 2. All the gab about gab and all the other words has me dizzy so lets hug it out.
Using the word 'non-retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Put yourself in the shoes of person with a disability and stop using such ugly reference terms as it shows a lack of intelligence.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
These type of insulting terms are said by people that have a hard time speaking their mind with intelligence don't fall into that category.
Restraint is good. What a guy.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You might find that you can get your point across better if you don't refer to someone's gender in an aggressive and insulting way.
Good point but using that term doesn't help you make your case.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
It probably appears to others that you are acting like an 11 year old when you use an offensive and immature term to describe a woman.
If you use language like that no one's going to listen to you accept the small circle of people who agree with you.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You were making good points until you stooped to the level of attacking one's gender in such a rude manner then it comes off as ignorance.
I don't disagree
Please don't use a serious medical condition to express yourself.
You should provide an argument point instead of blindly insulting.
Please don't use a serious medical condition to bash others.
It is wrong and harmful that she lied but it has nothing to do with women in general.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and must be avoided
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
Please do not use racial slurs.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others for their political beliefs discussions should be respectful.
Hateful words about homosexual people and people with intellectual disabilities will not be tolerated.
Language that denigrates women will not be tolerated.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others.
Hateful language against homosexual people will not be tolerated.
This is what happens when people are no longer allowed to speak freely if it was in poor judgement lets hope the help that is needed occur
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Race is such a sensitive topic my children know what not to say and i am sure you know as well.If you are a white man try to sympathize.
Use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of black people.
Well being perfect isn't easy in 2019.
The use of harsh offensive words against someone does not any context to a conversation so how about try saying somthing that could be help
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language isn't appropriate. It's 2019 and certain words are no longer acceptable to use.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Sometimes you have to advocate for yourself and we don't know the whole story
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While your sentiment stands
Even so don't think we have to use abusive language to get the point across
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Mental retardation and gender stereotyping are not relevant to the discussion. Pedophelia is very defined by law.
Racial generalisation and sexual orientation are irrelevant to being downvoted.
The irony is that you're trying to have a whole argument about toxicity while you are being toxic.
Luckily both of you get to hide your identity. I wonder what kinds of awful things would be said about you if you were in the public eye.
I understand your angry but there's no reason to talk that way about women.
Calm down on the hate speech there
I think it sounds like the men lost their jobs on their own. Without their negative actions they'd still have job security.
There's no reason to use such an offensive term towards women.It's highly offensive.
Yes the woman who lied about it was not a good person but that doesn't mean you have to call her the 'c' word
Just state that she was lying. When you name call it makes your comment less credible.
There's really no reason to use terms like that. There's no reason to offend as many people as possible. That just makes you a bad person.
I don't think there are actually any benefits to using that word. If I'm missing something please inform me.
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word in your argument at all.
I was taking you serious and actually trying to understand your opinion that is until you decided to name-call.
"B--ch
slut" and "tw-t" are terms of hate that target all women; they are to be avoided here.
Someone is having a bad day
I know you're not trying to be hurtful by saying the R word but it kind of comes off that way.
"Re--rded" is offensive; try to substitute a less-stereotyping term.
You make some great points
"C--t" used pejoratively is offensive and hateful; it should be avoided here.
By calling her the C word you're minimizing the fact that she's a terrorist sympathizer and instead insulting all women.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Buy Felicia
Cunt when used against women is a misogynistic phrase no matter how the woman was acting.
Attacking others based on their gender is not a productive or careful way to have a conversation.
The n-word is an extremely racist term and racism does nothing to contribute to meaningful conversation or our society.
Words used to hurt a group of people aren't necessary to have a productive conversation
Her body size has nothing to do with her actions and should not be used against something unrelated.
Using words to attack ones gender do not convey understanding or care.
I saw her in that video and I was embarrassed for her.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
I don't agree with a rape culture. Either a man is capable of rape or he isn't.  No culture is involved.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
This comes off as nonsensical when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You need to be careful what you say to not offend anyone today.
This comes off as nonsensical
That is just terrible to say. Some people need to just stop with the racist comments and learn to love and live in peace.
This comes off as unnecessary when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around.
Even a biological term could be considered racist please refrain from using racist and derogatory terms towards women and the disabled.
Don't bash people because of their political beliefsracegender or medical conditions!
It isn't necessary to use racist terms to describe people.
Stop using racist terms.
Stop with the racist nationality remarks and gender bashing words.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
watch you language.  Using a derogatory term directed at females to describe a journalist that you don't like is disrespectful.
Instead of insults let's focus specifically in what you don't like about the journalist.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Please don't say such things that offend people.
Threats of violence are not permitted.
Talking about killing a race or a person in an organized religion is immoral. We are all humans with the same feelings of emotions be kind.
Offensive language based on gender identity is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
This is homophobia. The transgender community are the most kind hearted people above us all. They are not hurting you so leave them alone.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using the word retarded is not acceptable. It disrespects many physically disabled people and their families.
Fast food was always bad for you
You should not use that word to describe someone
Let's not make mockery of people's disabilitoes by trivialising them.
I wouldn't allow my young child to follow Malala regardless of race or religion.
You should not use that word to describe someone
Socialists have their own way of thinking it doesn't mean their bad
You should not use that word to describe someone
People have the right to choose political beliefs. We should respect ourselves and beliefs.
As a woman I dislike when other women go down this road. Video games are just games
You should not use these words to describe people. Discriminating against people because of stereotypes is wrong.
People have a right to sexual belief and practices as far as they don't harm others.
"Ret--ded" "fa--ot" and the "n word" all often comprise hate speech hence they are forbidden in this forum.
I don't think that freedom is what you describe it is.
"Ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret---ed"  and "f-g" are often terms of ignorance and hate so we should avoid their use here.
I dont think these examples were necessary to convey your point.
Calling them that will not make more people like you.
It's hard to take your opinion seriously with all the homophobic slurs.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are better ways to get your point across than using offensive terms
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully denigrates women.
Women would have worked just fine over the 'c' word
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Better words could have been used instead of the 'c' word
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please be kinder with your words and change the commentary.
No one here cares for the truth only to win an argument over the internet
Please avoid the trash talk and use words that are uplifting.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please use more caring words and less expressions of hate.
Ha! He really struck a nerve! All that name calling doesn't make him wrong.
The expressions you use can be taken offensively so please rethink your comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This is an extremely offensive word that is demeaning to women ad shouldn't be used in this context.
Can't really take you seriously when you think ableist slurs are okay to use.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using this word in this manner is out of line mental retardation is not something that should be used as a joke.
Using the word retard is offensive to mentally challenged people.  This about your words before you put them on the internet.
Making fun of someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
This word has historically been regarded as hate speech and your point would be more effectively made using other language.
Calling people names because you dislike them isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using this type of hate speech. It does not promote constructive conversation.
This language is not tolerated nor is it conducive to a constructive conversation. Please refrain from derogatory and hate speech
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using such derogatory names.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please change the speech you use on this page. Hateful and derogatory speech is not tolerated.
Hey
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You being acculturated into propaganda only proves our arguments. Furthermore
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Hey
Complaining about a generalization while generalizing invalidates your argument entirely. Grow up and go outside once in a while.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I agree but would use a friendlier adjective. 'unfounded comparison' for example.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I think ya'll just need to calm down and be a little more respectful of each other and recognize each other's failures kindly.
Can't really respect this comment when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Re--ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Dude just say 'too stupid'. There's no reason to use such hateful rhetoric.
It's hard to take anything you say seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Man it's so ridiculous to me that people want to wave their dicks around by using slurs causally on the internet. Have some respect.
Your opinion might have been good had it not included the ableist slur.
It's all right to disagree with people without seeing vast conspiracies in their behavior.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think that word has any place in a conversation about software.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
No violence is okay
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
"Reta---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families so the term is not allowed.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using misogynistic terms in an attempt at humor isn't actually funny.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
"Ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of that language regarding your ex-girlfriend is gender discrimination.
Use of that term to describe a woman is gender discrimination
This c-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is is derogatory slang affecting all women.
Use of that term to describe a woman constitutes gender discrimination
All ya gotta do is remove a word and you wouldnt have any problem with being offensive.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You're better than that. Stop.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You literally can just say dumb.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
You're better than this.
Can we not try to insight violence
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
You're better than that.
How about we don't.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Your description of women as retard and basic is generalizing and hateful speech
Using language like that to describe someone or something speaks to that persons character.
I heard that witchcraft isn't just a bunch of women but men practice too.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Such repeated and reflexive misogyny is rude insensitive ill-considered and unnecessary in intelligent debate.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
The use of "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I hope the video shows that so he doesn't get in trouble.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and threatening gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using a slur wasn't really necessary.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using language that is violent towards gay people makes is unacceptable and only serves to make you seem ignorant.
Insulting all women isn't a great way to bring people to you side.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language is violent against women in general and is therefore unacceptable.
Using slurs and hate speech examples in such a flippant way is tacitly supporting these ideas. Please reconsider your language choices.
By gamifying behavior that you see from real people expressing real concerns you're depersonalizing them in a really alarming way.
You're not even being original. Go back to /b/.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
This is a childish way to use a word that's so hurtful and there's no need to double down on it.
Sexual abuse of young boys is a real problem and it's ignored by society at large.
Using mental illness and sexuality as verbal weapons is a weak accomplishment.
This is an abusive homophobic attack but using insults and slurs to defend yourself against it doesn't help.
Engaging in the civic process might help you to feel less cynical about your process!
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I don't think it's going to solve anything to insult everyone equally.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Over a game...come on
Yes it may have been a mistake but name-calling swearing and bashing the person(s) responsible does not seem like the best decision.
Please do not use mental illnesses as an insult.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult.
While I understand the angst of this conversation I think that the name-calling and bad language are not entirely necessary guys!
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to him.
Please refrain from attacking others based on where they came from/were born.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Gay people are perfectly capable of recognizing murders what with all the hate crimes done to them. Don't talk about them like that.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring gay people into this- especially not with that language.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And especially not with slurs.
Guys let's try being kinder to people. Black people deserve human rights as do lesbians.
This whole thread is just filled with angry little misogynists.
It says a lot that you feel the need to label this woman by her gender instead of her actions
Stop using racist humor.
Just stay stupid or dumb. It really isn't difficult and it would make your points seem more credible
Using the word retarder instead of stupid just makes you look stupid. People will take your points a lot more seriously if you change.
You're language her leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe try to sound like an adult.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I think you need to try and be civil in your language.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are other words you could use to show your displeasure with women. Why not try them out.
To act like those of the opposite sex all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Try words like Dumb and stupid instead.
Try again. Find a different civil word to use.
Defining someone by their gender is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
You seem to have a lot of anger toward hypothetical women
Try talking to women and reading about the various women's movements and waves of feminism. Study history.
Using irrelevant language to describe women doesn't strengthen your argument.
There is no reason here to even call someone a name. Save yourself down votes and don't post.
I think that there is a better description for this tactic.
You're kind of proving their point there. Why escalate like this?
While you do have a right to feel this way using foul language will turn people away from discussing it with you. Try being more calm.
You can share your opinion without directing it towards a specific person.
Women her age put up with a lot; we don't know her whole backstory and why she's like that.
You shouldn't judge people by their age. User 3 makes a good point.
Calling her that takes you down to her level.
I think the whole multi gender option is a bit much in the games
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Cops shouldn't speak to people that way
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
There's really no reason to single out a race. Black children go to school just as any other race. Fact.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
We are in the 21st century we really don't need words like that. There's absolutely no reason for calling him that.
It was awful what happened
Use of slurs here is offensive because it equates homosexuality or intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There's no need to use derogatory names to get your point across.
There's no reason to degrade people with disabilities
Just because you don't agree with the decision they made using a derogatory word like that is still not justifiable.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There really is no justifiable reason as to why you needed to use the 'r' word in your question.
It is unacceptable to degrade people with disabilities just because you don't agree with their policies.
Use of the word retards is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't think you should be using the 'r' word. It's derogatory and not necessary.
As tempting as it is
Calling someone retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Not saying I condone what happened but there is no reason to call someone the 'r' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Calling a woman a slob with no evidence is hateful speech towards all women do not use it.
Why use this demeaning term to express your opinion.  there are plenty of other words that do not have the same derogatory connotation.
The word retarded as an insult is hateful to many people so please refrain from using it
This is a hurtful attack towards women
Your derogatory language is entirely unnecessary.  You can express your displeasure without insults/name calling.
this language regarding women is insensitive and hateful and should not be used in this forum
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re--rd" and "c--t" are offensive and should not be used in this forum.
Offensive language based on race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Offensive language based on disability and sex is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re---d" and "c--t" are terms of hate and not to be used here.
I think that we could use a better word to call someone that doesn't reference a mental disability.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I think that we could use better language to discuss this topic.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
A word doesn't have to be the worst possible thing to say in order to be hurtful to people.
In this cultural context it is a slur deliberately and specifically used to demean and degrade the target. It's not confusing at all.
You should look into the statistics of false rape accusations they might interest you.
Please talk to a therapist about your paranoia and deep-seated resentments of women.
Nobody is asking you to end all harassment you are being asked not to be a harasser yourself or to make posts like this.
I know you're very upset about people who aren't you being allowed to participate in your favorite hobby but there's no need for slurs.
Ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There are terms used in this post that have been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and not to be used on this site..
stop
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Come on guys. This is not that serious. Conflicting views and that's it. Get a grip.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using gendered insults really doesn't speak well of you.
I am sure you have something more formidable to say instead of name calling...
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Slow down dude. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Valid point. I probably wouldn\'t have used such "colorful" language but still totally valid point.
Offensive language based on sexual orientation is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Everyone is entitled to an opini
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
that is below the belt. maybe he did not have the facts right but not enough to call names.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The use of this kind of racist word is not tolerated and will be removed
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Requesting that HATE filled words not be used is not to hinder anyone but instead to provide a place where there is no fear of verbal abuse
Using sexuality as a way to insult is only showing of your lack of creativity
What is the point of using that language you can make your point without it
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
that language isn't helping you make your point... not all women are the same or have the same views
The word cunt is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at women and is unacceptable.
What's the point of all this hateful terminology who cares what other people do if it doesn't affect you we all have different experiences
Attacking a user with hate speech and vitriol is no way to win an argument.  The racism homophobia and transphobia present is unacceptable
Stop bashing peoples' political and sexual choices.
what is the use in using this language it isn't helping you make your point or get listened to
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
There are actually tons of women in positions of power.
Based on one person's actions you can't generalize an entire country or gender group. Wake up!
Using words that profanely refer to a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Cheating is wrong regardless of the gender of the offender.
Using hateful language will not help anyone ever.
I don't think you actually understand what that word means.
That would be a medical condition people are born with. Hope you feel better about yourself.
I guess you didn't like it. Hard to tell under the hate speech.
There are so many verbs and adjectives in the English language. It is not necessary to use a word that is a medical condition.
Everyone agrees she's in the wrong the name calling takes away from your point though.
Using that word doesn't get your point across and in fact makes people not take you seriously.
Using words to attack a person's sex will not promote a sound conclusion to your argument.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or religion which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hate speech doesn't help anyone. Let's have an intelligent conversation without resorting to hateful name calling.
Using negative words that refer to one's gender identity or religious affiliation do not promote understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
What does name calling have to do with this conversation? Let's be adults people.
Such an eloquent respone. Too bad you had to ruin it with hatful foul language.
A hateful comments don't help any of these victims. Don't stoop to the same level.
I see your point but there's no reason to use such an offensive term.
She isn't necessarily racist so much as lazy. Keep to the point.
We get it. You don't like this person. There's still no reason to refer to her in this way.
Not pretty but neither is your colorful language...
It's just not necessary to use such an offensive term to make your statement.
Actual names would be helpful not your idea of what they should be named...
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women because its a direct attack based on gender.
Lighten up this is just a chat room you don't even know him.
The 'c' word shouldn't be used in any context
Using 'retard' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
The use of the 'r' word was incredibly offensive here
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That remark is rather extreme you'd sound smarter by not using it.
You shouldn't use offensive terms just because you're angry
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Come on you'd look smarter by not using that word.
You could have just said women
Re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
This is a random place to put such a hurtful word and you certainly didn't need it.
It would be helpful just to answer without insulting people by calling them a "retard."
"Ending retardedly" isn\'t even a real word. How about offering a critique which doesn\'t insult people but rather uses facts?
C--ts" "Re--d(ed)" and "re--rds" are each offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
You should make more friends from these groups so that you understand why they feel upset.
Calling someone a "cunt" or "retard" is insulting and hateful. How about using other words to express your outrage.
referring to someone as "cunt" is not only hateful but it is not a very good way of describing someone.
These are real people that you're talking about and they would be hurt that you said this about them.
Calling someone a retard isn't very nice.  It's a form of hate speech which lowers the level of communication on online communities.
Woooow you must really hate women.
Hey intellectually disabled people are people too. Please don't use them as slurs.
Hey let's censor the n-word. It belongs to black people not to us.
We are talking about humans not rabid animals.
Heyo if you think you're better than these people you shouldn't use slurs to refer to them.
Just call them a moron or something.
I don't think whether people are intelligent or not is relevant to the discussion.
There are soooo many more creative words to use than this.
That woman might be disabled. For that matter using slurs outs you as a terrible person.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
While I appreciate you being upset about the sexist title using retarded in that way is just another way of bringing people down.
You're very quick to judge and label someone mean-spirited while being so yourself.
They are used as insults yes but that doesn't make them any less bigoted or hurtful to people. Gay people still have to deal with it.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think it should be possible to have a debate about religion without breaking it down into a I'm smarter or you are dumber than me argument
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Not sure why the sexism but please watch the language.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is incredibly disgusting. This language is not acceptable in any way.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is horrible. This language is not acceptable in any form.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see this conversation is getting heated. Watch the language please.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
The 'c' word isn't a word that should be used it's offensive
This is beyond inappropriate. This language is unacceptable.
Your statement was offensive and used terms that should not be used.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
There really isn't a good enough reason to use the 'c' word
I understand this is a heated topic but watch the language.
There's no reason to call someone the 'c' word
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
The headline was shocking enough your comment doesn't really add anything to it.
Hey now do not use that sexually vulgar word when posting.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Whether it's racist towards whites or blacks it's still racist.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Yikes harsh name calling isn't necessary on this thread!
Woah! please do not use inappropriate language when talking about religious figures.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
She does not represent all women thankfully!
Please do not use vulgar words when voicing your opinion
This was a good argument until it got derailed with the racial slurs.
Avoid using racist terms when posting on different feeds.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Ableism in your comment makes it hard to take anything you say seriously.
since it offends many
The word cunt when used as an insult against a woman is hate speech do not use it here.
Using offensive slurs don't add anything to the discussion.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This language is completely unacceptable and disgusting. This is your first and final warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That's incorrect. Regardless this language is not appropriate for this subreddit.
I understand you have strong feelings but its hurtful to use vulgar insults for those that actually have mental disabilities.
Thousands of adjectives available and you choose retarded? Come on.
I understand you are frustrated with the situation but its hurtful to use vulgar insults of people with mental disabilities.
Why do you have to use the word 'retard'? Wouldn't bigot or rube fit better without maligning the mentally handicapped?
I understand you are trying to by funny but vulgar insulting words can be hurtful.  Its important to respect others when making posts.
Clever but come on. I think men and women are equal constructors of this thing.
Using the term 'cunt' like this is an attack on women and is not constructive to the conversation.
You did not have to say something like this.  you could have passed right over this post and never commented this term.
Using the term 'hooded faggot' sounds both race-insensitive and possible like an attack based on sexuality. Please stop.
"Faggot" is just a word that people/trolls use to goad an emotional response from someone. Let\'s have a real conversation
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
My son also thinks this generation is out of hand and he's 15. I think sometimes he is 15 going on 40.
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
These classic video games is where it all started. We have really gotten so far away from just playing games.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
Unions are not all that bad and protect people. For Gamers to go and make such a fight makes no sense.
Disagreeing with someone ideologically doesn't mean you should lump entire groups together and make generalizations with hateful speech
Men can also be emotionally high strung people there are negatives to all politician lol
these comedian went on stage to do a job. keep it professionalRude and offensive terms are needed to voice opinions
That kind of nasty language isn't helping anyone understand each other
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Use a different term for women.
I understand the point you're trying to make
There are sooo many other words you can use like dumb stupid obtuse or is your vocabulary just that small.
Keep your language civil. Just because you are mad doesn't mean you should speak like this.
It seems like you just hate women.
You should work on your language skills in regards to women. It will take you far.
Ret---ed" and "c--t" as used here are offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use offensive language to communicate your point.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can communicate your point without using offensive language.
Please don't use sexist language to express your disapproval.
You're allowed to think someone is unintelligent but your language is unnecessary.
Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
This post contains strong homophobic slurs they have no place on this forum.
You can communicate your point without offending a whole group of people.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please communicate your point without using offensive language.
The 'f' word isn't a word that should be used to win internet arguments. It's derogatory.
Suicide and derogatory names do not make the point more valid. Refrain from using these offensive comments when disagreeing a subject.
Kids Keep it civil and use your language skills.
You shouldn't call people the 'f' word. It's derogatory and completely unnecessary.
Derogatory words do not change what this guy has done. Refrain from offensive comments.
You can get your point across without being uncivil.
The 'c' word is derogatory and should not be used.
You should use language that is a little less trivial.
There are people who have BDSM interests but that's different than this conversation.  I wouldn't sink to anyone's level by abusing back.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I think there's a lot more to the output or at least perceived output of anyone than just if their male or female
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
It is okay to have strong opinions but when you use that language is makes you sound prejudiced.
Your comments are very inappropriate in a discussion about underage children; your attraction or the child's sexuality isn't the focus here.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please remember you're talking about an eleven year old and perhaps not be so disgusting.
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Calling names because you don't agree with something doesn't help anyone.
I think we should focus on the positive interactions in this situation.
I understand you think she is rude and quite ridiculous
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
If we state opinions without calling names it makes the comments more credible in a discussion.
Do not use a persons disability as an insult to others.
Using a word to insinuate that someone is stupid when it is a medical condition people are born with does not help get your point across.
Avoid using vulgar sexual terms when voicing your opinion.
That word is totally disrespectful.You're trying to make a point that you have an open mind while using a heinous word to get your point
Abstain from using vulgar words and using a persons mental disability as an insult.
Just all around offensive to women and special needs people. Using hurtful language doesn't help anyone.
Body shaming is just bullying. Everyone sounds so bitter about people they don't actually know and just assuming everything.
You all must be pretty miserable. Especially because I'm reporting you for using slurs.
The other poster was right you need to calm down a bit.
Please be kinder with regards to your own intelligence and the intelligence of others.
Thank you for showing us what a terrible person you are! I will take my vagina elsewhere and not engage with you further.
Ah yes let's set the response standard to what you post just insulting.
No comment on the veracity of this article but please be kinder to women and refer to them with less harsh language.
Sexual assault can be difficult to prove regardless not all accusations without evidence are malicious.
I don't think referring to someone with a derogatory name for a person with a disability promotes a productive conversation.
Using negative words based on sexual orientation to refer to other is not nice.
n/a
There's no reason to use words like that.
There are a lot of other words you could use beside 'cunt
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
It's not right to make fun of mental handicaps.
You're unlikely to change the other user's opinion if you refer to their daughter with such vulgar words.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Relationships do still hold merit
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
You don't have any proof that the increase in Muslims in the UK is linked to terror attacks there.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Equal rights doesn't mean men and women have rights to hit each other. Violence is wrong and illegal both ways.
Instead of name calling maybe you could state what she lies about and prove it.
Instead of name calling please tell us something about the person's actions and why you disagree.
Using those terms in their context doesn't mean equality.
Sometimes people just make faces and and shouldn't be labeled as anything in such a hateful context.
I'm not really sure labeling anyone as mentally disabled should be used for someone that complains.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It doesn't really matter what anyone likes It is up to them and only them.
You can't generalize a group of people just because of a few individuals. How would you feel if someone did that to you?
I really don't think we need to be belittling firefighters!  They do a tremendous service to the public.
One's job title has no influence on their individual character. The collar or social status is only that. It isn't a defining mark.
You don't know what other people are going through in their lives or what is the true cause.
While I know of some people who have had vaccine injuries it still is not ever right to put down anyone or use disparaging language!
Vaccine injuries are very real but not all Anti-vaxxers are alike. Some have very legitimate concerns for what goes into the human body.
I can agree that she probably would be worse off at the healing lodge but I don't think it is necessary to use hateful or vulgar language!
Consequences should apply no matter what. A life is a life.
I actually think this is a good idea because private businesses should be just as responsible as everyone else if they are enabling bullies.
People deserve to feel safe no matter how they identify so long as it does no harm to others they contribute all the same to society.
I agree with the last post and I'm a female!  However
Physical strength isn't limited just to men. Women can weight train just as well as men. But to lump all together holds everyone back
I can't even read what you wrote let along get offended by it.
I agree that if she used her race to gain attention by lieing that i not ok.She is mentally not ok but calling her a cunt is crossing line.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Can't decipher your point through all the anti-woman hate talk.
I understand you response but the choice of words  you use makes no one want to take you serious.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Use of the words retard and retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and no one here is making any sense.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I don't think addressing each other by using derogatory names will advance any kind of understanding.
Please review your words and say them in a way that doesn't express such abhorrence.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use those words.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
I don't think regarding others with a derogatory word for a mental disability promotes understanding or intelligent conversation.
Please re-frame your thoughts so they aren't so hateful.
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
Watch the language. You're toeing a line.
Use of the c-word and insults here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
This language is misogynistic and disgusting.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
I'm sure you're very proud of yourself but there's absolutely no reason to refer to women in that way
The use of that word is derogatory against women and will not be tolerated here due to our no hate speech policy.
I agree that what she did was heinous but there's no reason to potentially offend a bunch of females in your comment.
The use of that word is offensive against women and will not be tolerated here.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Provoking discussions are surely more effective without using offensive slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Calling someone this term doesn't make your argument better.
Consider the topic of discussion next time before resorting to hurtful slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Perhaps examine your use of the word 'retardations
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Better your argument or comment don't just call someone names.
Perhaps use a term more appropriate next time this is a slur against handicapped people.
Don't use that word! It's terribly offensive to women.
Do not use vuglar sexual terms when responding.
The c-word is not acceptable because of its offensive and hurtful nature that affects all women.
You should not use vulgar sexual terms when replying to others
The slang of the c-word is just not acceptable in decent conversation even if not meant to be offensive.
Don't ever say that word
Hey dont use a persons disability as an insult to others.
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities
That's a terrible word
Do not use sexual terms as that when you post on this feed.
The c-words used here are just offensive and hurtful to women in general and this is not acceptable in our discourse.
That's rude towards gay people
Woah there! Avoid using offensive terms regarding sexual orientation.
The slang is offensive and harmful as it denigrates people with a sexual orientation other than yours.
Let's watch the language. This is a warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This language isn't appropriate. Be careful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Heyo
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
I don't know what that word means. If you're not comfortable telling me what it means you shouldn't be using it.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Hey guys
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Using language like 'cunt' is inappropriate here. We can disagree with each other without being nasty.
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Being aggressive and hostile does not get to the heart of your argument. Make a real argument here so that we can address the true issue.
Please use words that are less abrasive and more encouraging.
Calling someone a 'white faggot' shows your own failings.
Please refrain from the distasteful remarks as they are offensive.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see you are upset but please express yourself with more friendly words.
Please show respect for others and use less hostility in your speech.
I perceive that you have some concerns but please use language that is less combative.
In the US we all get paid overtime after 40hrs unless you're salary I agree a 1 week vacation for all ft workers would be nice.
Rethink your words please and use utilize ones that are less quarrelsome.
Despite the subreddit this content is not appropriate. This is your only warning.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
It boils down to women are leaving in record numbers now because we're able to live independently which wasn't the case 100 yrs ago.
Stop with the gender based insults and misogyny.
Stop insulting others due to political choices and medical conditions.
Next we need a law where if you're caught over and over lying about these things you go to jail.
There's no need for that language. This is a warning.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
I don't understand why a great movie like Star Wars had to be ruined this way.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
College kids are just misguided we shouldn't judge the entire future generation by a few bad eggs. They're still figuring things out.
The funny part is most of you guys making fun of students are college students yourselves.
Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
Your use of the r-word undermines the rest of your argument.
n/a
n/a
He's right
Don't use words that are damaging to others' reputations please.
Feminists just want to be equal to men. If you are angry about it just be quiet. someone dying their hair pink shouldn't make you angry.
You can express yourself better by using the C word. Not as offensive.
Explain your thoughts in a way that is less contentious please.
You are using trivial words to get your point across. Try using the "big C" instead
I understand you have feelings that are quite emotionally charged but please use words that are not so sordid.
It clearly isn't against the rules here on reddit.
It is not appropriate to attack people based on their religious affiliation. Debate their ideals not their religion.
I think the word you meant to use is "stupidity
We shouldn't degrade people with disabilities in order to express our disagreement with someone else's actions or thoughts.
Men are believed all the time at their word. Which is one of the reasons these women have to speak up; the men have been believed all along.
It is completely inappropriate to degrade women based on their gender let alone using terms that are degrading to people with disabilities.
The use of the word "cunt" in unnecessary and is not acceptable in this forum.
The use of the word "cunt" is unnecessary and unacceptable in this forum.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The use of the word "cunt" is unacceptable in this forum and unnecessary.
You using an entire race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using the words "nigger" and "autist" is not acceptable in this forum.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the word "cunt" is not acceptable in this forum.
You need to keep the anger out of you conversation. Talk like adults to one another.
Alright. Let's try to keep the conversation adult.
You're putting some very nasty words in their mouth with no evidence.
You both are using language that are minimizing both your intelligence as well as your arguments.  Back off the language people will listen
There are other words that can be used here. African American for example.
Wow man you had me until the foul language.  Back off on that and we can continue the conversation.
I need to you find a different word that is not so derogatory.
That's a really ugly opinion to have
C'mon back off the language a bit and we can continue to discuss.  You point loses validity though when you drop those words.
We are adults. Try to use adult language to get your point across.
Referring to these women in that way (even if they are acting entitled) makes people less likely to take your comments seriously.
You two are a hoot. Saying you'd rather die than deal with difficult people because they are women. I hope you solve your issues
I need facts on why you think France contains all communists.. Name calling is a way to avoid giving facts to back up your belief.
Calling people uncivilized and using slurs in the same sentence takes away your credibility
I'm pretty sure if someone attempts (or commits) suicide it doesn't change their sexuality.
Says a lot that instead of making a detailed response all you can come up with is "kys faggot"
Let's not use that term since it insults women.
Using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into the discussion. That's an entirely different set of problems.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
While you have strong feelings on the subject please keep the language clean.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please do not single out the mentally retarded. They're not the ones you're taking issue with here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from posting slurs and be instead be articulate with your strong feelings.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS.
Personal insults don't help the debate of a topic at all.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You don't know the reasoning why the sign was removed
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You're capable of making your point without belittling someone because they disagree with you.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Use of the n-word to insult someone is bigoted and has no place in this conversation because it is so offensive.
This nonsense has no place around here.
The current divisions in our country aren't helped by attacks on each other... clean it up guys
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I agree that a grown woman shouldn't be getting attention from children and knows better. Lock her up!
I don't think we can judge people's intelligence without knowing more...and labels are a bad idea
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
As a woman I can assure you we don't get equal pay. Every job I had
Careful with the labels...and I'm sure you'd agree that there are some smart people in all parties
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please don't use that term as it is very offensive.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
I'm sure you are able to express your dislike with more positive words.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Please don't use disrespectful terms for men or people with disabilities.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Your words reflect some opposition
Women deserve more respect than this term conveys.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no reason to use a term which offends disabled people.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Suspend or ban any accounts that user foul language or have software that doesn't allow foul language along with monitoring for any sexism.
fuck off back to the middle east' is an attack on an ethnicity and is not constructive to the conversation.
The level of ignorance it takes to downplay the evil of the KKK is absolutely astounding
Monitor closely for any negative religious references along with banning members who use foul language in the subreddits.
It sounds like you are taking one bad experience with a former lover and automatically labeling all women as evil
Suspend accounts that use foul language and make any references to sexism and stereotypes associated with genders.
You are really making a lot of generalizations about another race and then complaining about racism. Seems pretty ironic
Suspend or issue warnings to any accounts that use excessive foul language and make stereotypes about specific races and cultures.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Yeah
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Hey guys
To use mental disability to call something stupid only shows how uneducated you are on retardation.
Please do not use offensive language when attacking others
Don't get so angry about it
Do not use someones disability as an insult.
Please refrain from attacking others for their opinions on sensitive subjects such as abortion.
Why call her queer when she probably isn't
Hey now! Please do not use that vulgar language on this site.
Please refrain from attacking others for their sexual orientation or using sexual orientation as an insult.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language
I'd be more open to listening to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please remember if criticism is not constructive all your doing is making yourself look simple
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
what about their behavior makes you define them as such? general statements close of conversation
I understand you have a point to make but it's very hard to take it seriously when you use that word.
devaluing humans with words like that devalue your point
You'd be more persuasive if you used a different word for that group.
Please explain what about them makes them lesser as the term you used implies? no one is lesser
Re--rd" and "sl-t" are offensive terms that should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Omit gender offensive language.  Refrain from belittling words especially when describing individuals.   Avoid sexually explicit language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Avoid gender-offensive word(s).
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Remove gender-offensive words.  Omit words that offend the disabled/handicapped.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid indecent word(s) as references for describing individuals.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid language that offends the handicapped and disabled. Avoid words that fuel religious animosity.
Please lose the ableist language in your comment.  It's not helping your argument and it makes the sub look bad.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The hateful ableist language in your comment overshadows the point you're trying to make
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your comment.  It really doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please lose the hateful ableist and sexist language in these comments.  It does nothing but detract from the conversation you're having
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Clean up your language. It will show your intelligence.
Another sign of this being a toxic community is the flagrant use of slurs. Stop it.
While I appreciate lively political discussion I don't think the intellectually disabled should be brought into it. Especially with slurs.
Try to keep the derogatory language to a minimum. It's not needed to express yourself clearly.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. And let's not use the idea of a vagina as an insult please.
Your language and points that you bring up show a lack of character.
I am not entirely sure how I feel about feminism but I am sure that we shouldn't use hurtful words or call anyone names.
Try not to use words like "c***" they show a lack of character.
I agree that it is wise to be aware of things and obtain knowledge but I do not believe the use of harsh names is necessary.
Your language shows a lack of character.
It's sad what some people are driven to do but I do not believe calling them hurtful names and belittling them is not the answer
Everyone has an opinion and we need to treat each other with dignity and respect without using derogatory terms.
This is definitely a complex issue but I believe name calling and hurtful speech never solved any disagreement.
If your goal is to have a conversation with people
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
While I support your judgements of hate crimes being wrong calling people intellectually disabled perpetuates the climate that causes them.
Hey
No sense in the degenerate namecalling.
Actually being disabled is a protective class! In that we are human and it's morally wrong to hurt us! Or to use us as insults!
Hey guys let's stop stigmatizing the intellectually disabled by using the R word. We want this to be a place we can be proud of.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word makes you look less intelligent.
Wow buddy you've got a lot of aggression there. Women should be allowed to have whatever attitudes they want towards sex without shaming.
Such hateful and sexist remarks serve no use. These are real people and real victims. Show some respect.
Hey women wanting equal rights does not equal Nazism. Also be kinder to the mentally ill.
Let's act like adults and not resort to hateful name calling.
Assaulting anyone is not only a crime but morally wrong. No one wants to be hit so let's all be kind to each other today.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs as an insult towards others.
Please refrain from using derogatory language when speaking about others.
My son was given a partial and as a woman I didn't know the difference. He hates it now that he's older.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as speaking negatively about an entire gender.
The Prisoner of Azkaban isn't funny at all.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs when commenting on this platform.
Yea it's getting to the point of signing a consent to talk to a stranger
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs on this platform.
I don't think calling one of the main character out for being really fucking stupid adds much to your argument.
Using mental disability as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
These slurs are hateful and offensive ways to describe people and lower the discourse.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable as it offends women because of its hurtful nature.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please take a moment to read these people's stories and consider their pain.
Using broad hurtful strokes against groups... any group... hurts individuals
I can see that you are hearing people's opinions but you're making an effort not to internalize them.
Generalizations are always dangerous things in any discussion and hurtful labels never help matters
The poor Simpsons!  I love that show. I don't care it's always a good laugh; humor at it's finest.
This is a pretty extreme conclusion to jump to especially in support of that idea.
I feel like it makes you more comfortable to assume that women are stupid than that they have concerns.
Hurtful labels hurt good people...and don't help the conversation along
You're oversimplifying violence to make a political point.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of good people remember...and not worth the weak chuckle it might give you
Let's rephrase how you described their logic.
5. That's a slur stop it. 7. You're not a psychiatrist stop pretending you get to diagnose people with autism.
That word is derogatory towards women--let's rephrase.
Gendered inflammatory language has nothing to do with this incident
Try saying that again without the slurs.
Stop pretending people you disagree with have a mental disability.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful generalizations and labels hurt good people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Sexual slurs don't help any conversation
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The slurs don't help any conversation and would be best left out
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The generalizing slurs aren't helping your point...your comment would be a lot better without them
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Please don't use an offensive and derogatory term to xpress your opinion.  This is wrong and has no place in our society.
This forum does not tolerate offensive language.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
The use of offensive language is prohibited.
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Offensive words are strictly prohibited.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Offensive words are prohibited on this website.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and it is offensive.
Name calling leads to nothing but confusion on the actual premise of the comment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
The foul language shows a lack of knowledge as to what the topic is about.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The foul language used has greatly taken away the point of the discussion.
Using the word retarded is hurtful for people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Yes because making fun of disabilities is cool...
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The word retard is used too often when you can't find an appropriate way to fight against something or someone
Using the term retard is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. So sad that people use that to insult.
This is your grandmother. I still don't know how this reddit thing works
Cultural appropriation is a serious issue that steals cultural identity. This comment is just bombastic and no culture is involved.
I gave up dressing up as Strawberry Shortcake only a year ago.
I care about what they don't like. And furthermore
Let's refrain from language like that and listen to the other posters.
I don't agree with the removal. That is part of history regardless of it being negative or positive it's history.
Hey
Forgetting your apartment FOB is not a crime or a reason to die.
She was wrong but if he was actually a criminal she would of stopped a crime in it's tracks. This conversation wouldn't be happening.
You can't remove words from their meanings and history
Even if that was common on another site that terminology is not encouraged or acceptable to use.
FIFA Pro's should know better and act more mature than that.
It's a woman's place to comment about women's issues.
I got to say I do like how Jordan Petersen doesn't hold back on commenting.
Call her anything but the C word that word is fowl
I hope you realize that word is very offensive to some.
Retarded should not be used in this context it is offensive to those who are truly retarded.  Faggy talk there is no such thing.
Nobody can focus on your arguments when every other word seemingly is derogatory.
I hate the "c" word.  There are so many other descriptors out there that are not vile or offensive.  Call her a bitch.
I totally get your point but back off a little on the harsh language.  Your argument becomes diluted by using those words.
Your argument was solid and I completely agreed with you.  You shift the focus from your points onto you though when you use words like that
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word like this
The 'r' word is offensive and shouldn't be used even as a joke
Women don't play doctor. They go through the same training and have the same knowledge as male doctors.
If you were a doctor that actively believed in what he was doing the Hippocratic oath would not be null and void.
There were better words you could have chosen instead of the 'r' word
The name calling makes people lose sight of who is being discussed.
No use in using hateful language doesn't add to your argument
Even sarcastically using hate speech only detracts from your argument
Using homophobic slurs doesn't make anyone look intelligent
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary skills.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Ableist slurs don't make any sense in this conversation.
"D--bag" and "c--t" are offensive and bigoted terms and should not be used in political discourse.
Doesn't make sense to use offensive language to get your point across.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Using ableist slurs isn't adding anything to the conversation.
The "n word"" is demeaning offensive and so does not belong here.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
No reason for that sort of offensive language.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
my mouth does not belong down there 9/11 was not a joke
This term shouldn't be used as an insult.  It's offensive towards women
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
They stand up for every human being.
That term is derogatory towards mentally challenged people and shouldn't be used as an insult
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Broadcasting is everyone's right and you can not comment on refugee as Canada is a country made my refugees.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I have said enough and i don't have any hidden motive so let a man go of with some dignity
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
There was a reason for this censorship and you can read it all about it on the news.
Really no one has the right to tell someone else how many children they can or can't have.
This speech attacks women
This term can be viewed as misogynist in itself.
Calling women names and saying they aren't physically fit enough to do work in a field environment is incredibly ignorant.
Avoid using the term "cunts" it is considered offensive regardless of the context.
Please refrain from using the word "cunt."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling an entire group mentally disabled because they don't agree with your beliefs is beyond ignorant
Please refrain from using the term "retards."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling somebody retarded instead of actually attacking their points makes it obvious you don't have any strong response
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Ableist language is insensitive. Enough so that you will receive an IP ban if you continue to use it.
Sexist language is not accepted here. Keep that in mind in the future if you would like to keep your account active.
Using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people.
Neither ableist nor sexist language are acceptable here. Both of you have received your warning.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Keep the homophobia off this site or face a permanent ban.
Stop using gender based insults.
I wouldn't say a person who like sex in public is a sex offender. That is pushing it.
Stop using a gender based insult.
This was a very good lesson she can take into adulthood with her.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
She was wrong but at her age she doesn't understand why probably. I blame the parents for the way she was raised.
Stop using gender based insults.
It is awful that she still wanted to go on this trip after killing her friend.
Stop using racist insults.
Maybe I am old but memes just don't do much for me. I try to use them but it's kind of childish.
You should try to keep the conversation civil.
Using derogatory language about women doesn't help support your argument
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You can use other language to describe women you don't like. Try it!
Try Stupid person or dumb person
Bad choice of insensitive language which is derogatory to women and is definitely not necessary.
I'm not sure all women should be grouped into being the same group as that's sexist and talk of abuse should not be happening anywhere.
Some of the worst jokes I have heard referencing roasting women and saying that they treat men like dogs just is not funny.
This makes you seem like you look down on people with mental disabilities instead of looking like a valid opinion.
Trying to make an argument whilst using such offensive language just does not work cut it out.
Hey! You can state an opinion without using such language. Go ahead and give it try. You'll see it's easy to comment kindly.
Disagree with a person but no violence here.
That's a bit aggressive but I get why you're upset. We should probably take a step back and see the situation from another perspective.
You're judging a book by a cover. Stop.
You are right; It is often bad to judge a book by it's cover. However sometimes our natural instinct to do so is correct in it's assumption
A body part has nothing to do with this conversation.
Using offensive language doesn't really make you seem intelligent.
I know she is annoying but calling her such would just be an impression of myself not hers
Suicide is a very real issue. I don't care if it's men or women we're all human.
Using offensive language isn't contribution.
Disgusting I know but she must had been mentally sick.
Good because I was abused by my ex-husband. The thought of killing my kids to leave never crossed my mind.
Using offensive language doesn't help your case.
It could be but we cannot correct a wrongdoing by another incorrect behavior.
Police should act more respectful and professional.
Cops need to start being more professional it's out of control.
Maybe you don't like the perspective
Ableist slurs aren't a great look.
I am sure you feel big and strong talking like that but you sound like a bad comedian
Edgy racism is not nearly as funny as you think it is please grow up.
Well I suppose he won he got $6m. Lets move on.
Yeah definitely no issues of your own to work out. Get therapy.
Only write the first part of your answer the point is still made
If the c word is left out the sentiment stays the same
Please use language that is respectful toward women and minorities.
The last word is offensive and irrelevant to the point
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
The word is not needed and could be omitted
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
Replace the word with women or girl and it is not offensive
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged people have good hearts more than others without disabilities.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
There is no solid proof that Hillary Clinton lead us straight into Iraq and Libya on false pretenses
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
$20 an hour is not below minimum wage.
Using the word retarded as an insult because you disagree with someone is not acceptable.
Calling someone names in anger never solves any problems.
Making jokes that refer to disabilities are not acceptable or cool.
Using an acronym doesn't mean it doesn't hurt someone
Woman hating how original... /s
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Hurtful terms don't really help the conversation
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hurtful terms don't really move this conversation along
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of point of view. How sad.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Good people in all groups
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
It is funny because I recall in school being taught girls were smarter. I don't think it really matters either way..
"Re--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Tw-ts" is a sexist and offensive term and does not have a place in political discourse.
If a woman is weak I don't think she would be going shopping or even need a bra fitting.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Fa--ot" as used is patently offensive; the term should be avoided.
I wonder if there was a video or police cam on this one. Might be interesting to watch.
Both "tw-ts" and "c--t" used here to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided.
I just heard he got his ex-wife pregnant. Not sure if it's true but then that throws out the never getting married again theory.
We shouldn't make mockery of people's disability please.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Being middle-eastern does not make them terrorists. Please check your racism bigotry and mysogynism at the door
Everything is wrong with this I don't know if I can even try to begin to tell you what you said wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Cocksuckers" is offensive and while colorful does not impart exactly your reason for disparaging this person
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging for the differently abled. However moronic and idiotic have no stigma
To begin with learn different words for stupid and second well I cant even begin on your views of 14 year olds.
"Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable after having been a disparaging word for a group that\'s severely persecuted in history
Then maybe Reddit isn't for you.
Why do you have to use such a demeaning and derogatory term? You could have expressed your opinion using some other language
Would be easier to respect your opinion without the ableist slur.
Women's parts are not something that should be used as an insult
Why do you have to use such a derogatory and demeaning term? you could express your opinion with different language.
I see you delight in others's pain. Your mother must be proud of you. Especially with how you refer to women.
Derogatory terms are unnecessary just be friendly to other people
Sad that you think using derogatory slurs is funny.
Can't really respect your opinion when you think it's okay to use derogatory language like that.
Please do not use language and phrases that are demeaning to women.
It is never okay to use slurs against other people. You can dislike her all you would like but don't be rude.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to those with disabilties or women.
Making fun of people with disabilities to get your point across is not okay. There's also other words instead of slurs against women to use.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Says a lot about you that you can't just use the proper term
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
So many words that could have been used instead of just calling them retarded
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
All of your comments along with feeling the need to call them a cunt is really telling about the type of person you are
You need to improve your language.  Derogatory/demeaning terms are not needed to get your point across so please stop using them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This language is unnecessary.  You could have passed on over this post and never even used the language that you did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the c-word and calling people whores is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Its he said vs she said so you shouldn't just flat out insult these women. Two sides to every story.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities.
Well the great thing about a TV show is that you can turn it off. No biggie.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Calm down friend its just bad reporting.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Times do look crazy at the moment but don't add to it.
Using retarded as an insult is hateful to many people and unacceptable for use here.
You\'re not really doing yourself any favor using the word "faggot". It just makes you look ignorant.
The insult faggots regarding the LGBTQ community is hateful and unacceptable on this forum
The thing you disagree with her about has nothing to do with her being a female.
Similarities aside saying a violent fascist group is the same as a group calling itself anitfa for "anti fascist" is just wrong.
Using retarded as an insult is unacceptable hate speech do not use it.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
This a downright offensive slur that demeans all woman and this should be obvious to you.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This is a slur that is cheap and offensive and lowers the discourse.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop using gender based insults.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Don't put down people for their political choices or medical conditions.
Please refrain from making personal attacks on others wether or not you agree with their actions.
Using ableist slurs don't make you seem very intelligent.
I feel bad for the elderly. Especially those without family to help them.
Offensive language doesn't really belong in any intelligent conversation.
Not really. I have a 4 year degree and I cannot find work. Either they say I'm overqualified or they just don't hire me.
YouTube changed the copyright policies and everybody lost money including them.
Using offensive slurs don't really add to the conversation.
Poor guy was assaulted for doing the moral thing; terrible.
Judging someone by their belief system only makes the situation worse as everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Using homophobic slurs isn't helping prove any point.
Everyone is different in their own unique ways.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
You should try to watch other films if this one only brings hate out of you.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
She has a name.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding gender.
Your opinion is hard to take seriously when it's laced with ableist slurs.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. You seem like an irrationally angry person.
Using misogynistic language doesn't help get your point across.
You seem obsessed with women
Using ableist slurs doesn't really help any point you're trying to make.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Abuse comes in many forms and it doesn't matter if you're a man or woman.
There's really no reason to be using misogynistic slurs in any commentary.
I'd love to hear what your mom thinks of that
I don't think anyone can make a claim like this without strong data to back it up.
This statement is not backed up by science.
Hey poor white people don't deserve to be criticized without warrant. They have enough problems.
It sounds like you're the bitter one to me. And please don't use hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults and promoting violence.
Use of the c-word and violent language here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals.
Calling someone names doesn't give a good impression of them only an impression of the user of the name calling.
Stop using sexual and political choices as insults.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals (even if you are bisexual).
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Don't use gender based insults.
Imagined being so bad at life that seeing people being beaten is the highlight of your day.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Right whatever you need to tell your brain to convince yourself that women can never be right.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
If you feel strongly about an issue put your efforts into solving the problem
Please refrain from the ableist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the debate in this thread
Maybe you could put together another means of paying respects to these men instead of spending your time to bad mouth her.
Using sexist language in your comment isn't benefiting your argument and it's not adding anything productive to the sub's conversation
I agree it's stupid but I think we can do better than using a word that disparages the differently abled.
I think ridiculous would be a better description.
The ableist language you're using in your comment is not adding anything remotely productive to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
I think the term alt-right is vague and I can see how the journalist classified you as such
I think you could find better ways to say you don't agree.
Please refrain from using the ableist language you've used in your comment.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Not sure what anyone is hoping to accomplish with the disrespectful comments. Seems there are a lot better ways to get your point across.
Using the ableist language you've included in your comment is not adding to the debate in the thread in any way.
You can express your opinion without using offensive language.
Please express your opinion without using offensive language.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Do not use language that is hateful and completely disparages an entire group of people.
Do not use language that offends half of our population to make your point.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others especially the LGTB community itself.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Perhaps reconsider using the word 'faggot' next time.
Such slurs have no place in our conversation because this denigrates homosexuals.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Consider why certain words here could be deemed offensive I'm certain that was not the aim of your point.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Considered whether offensive and accusatory language is really appropriate here.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women..
I'm not sure a hateful slur was really necessary to make this point.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop with the gender bashing and medical condition insults.
Offensive language is not necessarily in this discussion.  Each of you have opinions that can be expressed without using these terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Violent language against people with disabilities does nothing to further your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
They shouldn't of gotten rid of Chuck in the first place. No way anyone can do better than he did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Spitting on anyone is just so disrespectful. But I don't think it should be a reason to fire someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Using language that is violent towards people with disabilities does nothing for your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
Nobody needs to be hit. The lady should of acted like an adult and been respectful of others. We are losing this in the USA.
This language is violent and unnecessary. Using slurs does nothing for your argument except make you seem ignorant.
Mad max can be far right and still have his own desires behind closed doors.
Is that any way to talk to a stranger user? Keep that kind of language on 4chan
Please we are both fortunate enough to be able to pay for dinner lets move on.
There's no need to use ableist language. You made your point clear without it. This is your warning before earning a suspension.
It is a good perspective on how woman feel regardless of who they are or what they suffer with.
Here's a reminder for you--don't use hate speech in your posts if you want to keep your account active.
Re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
That term has been offensive for years pretending you don't know that won't protect you from an IP ban if you continue using it.
It is considered morally incorrect to refer to mentally retarded people in that way so I would prefer that we didn't.
Hard to understand what you're trying to say when you use nothing but offensive language.
You know that less people will pay attention to you when you use language like that.
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
You point is valid but you lose some credibility when you use language like that.
Using offensive slurs like that makes it hard to take anyone seriously.
You all are making valid points to some degree but its getting lost in all of the vulgarity.
You're not strengthening your argument by using slurs
Following the law isn't about upholding old cultural norms. It's about respect. For everyone.
It's not a good look to use that kind of language just to insult a reviewer you don't like.
Instead of Jason and his journalism others out there are serving us bettter.
You're kind of making her point for her by acting like this.
Sounds like you are a bit jealous.  Sounds like you could do with a bit of attention.
Any little blue pill popping man will make even the prettiest girl act up.
Please do not respond to other users using sexually vulgar language
It's hard to take you seriously when you use derogatory language like that.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please do not use vulgar language when posting on here.
Hey now you can get your point across with out using that sexually vulgar language.
Cultural appropriation despite the beliefs here is a thing. Whether it's bad is up for debate but I know slurs are. Stop it.
I agree that everyone is entitled to their opinion but I do not believe that using hateful language is a good way to get a point across.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and so are all other insults here.
Regardless if a woman is blameless I don't think that hurtful and vulgar language is an appropriate response.
Use of the c-word is hurtful spiteful and completely unacceptable as it is derogatory against women.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. It is offensive to the millions of people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
I think asking questions is a great way to gain knowledge but using improper english is not always the most tactful thing.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Although it may have been deserved I don't think name-calling or using hurtful words is very productive.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in decent discourse as it denigrates women.
Name calling only shows the characteristics of the person doing it.
Calling her that will not make you feel better about yourself.
Attempting to read something with so much foul language and find the point of view is nearly impossible.
It really shouldn't bother you so much if a he does turn into a she says more about you than them.
Name calling in no way shows the characteristics of that person but it speaks volumes about the one doing the name calling.
I seriously doubt that this person is mentally diminished.
The use of foul language shows a lack of actual information.
Im pretty sure your mother would not share the same views as you on this matter.
Using the foul language and suggestions of certain behavoirs makes the point of conversation disappear.
You disagree with feminism because the power structure plays to your interests. That does not mean it's inherently unintelligent.
No news editor should ever say diversity isn't strength. Our entire country is built on diversity.
Last I checked
I could never tell my grandmother she couldn't say anything.
Refrain from using offensive comments regarding sexual terms.
Men know what consent is. They also understand when they're using slurs towards intellectual disability. You know what you're doing. Stop it
Men know when a woman is consenting or not. That is just a way to get out of trouble.
Please dont use a persons disability as a term for an insult.
The problem you're talking about isn't a problem. It is the result of being together a long time and what marriage is built on.
Avoid using offensive terms regarding females in your response.
Maybe you would have more cordial relations with women if you didn't refer to them using slurs.
No man should ever leave a woman in harms way of an assault. I don't care how rich or poor she is or arrogant.
Woah watch your language when responding to posts. Do not use cultural or sexual orientation as an insult to others.
Using the slurs and hate here to insult hurts and demeans wpomen and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Just because I think different from you it doess mean you have to say those things
What the woman did was awful
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Thats your point of view relax
Maybe you are right but I dont think that is the whole true
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans and is not acceptable in our conversations.
You dont know the reality of every people. No one can affirm anything
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
That language is completely unnecessary and should not be used to express your opinion
Don't use a medical condition to insult others.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is derogatory and offensive to people with actual disabilities and has no place being used in conversation.
Using the c-word and slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Why would you want to use such fowl language to comment on something that has nothing to do with your life?
Using the slurs here hurts and demeans people other than you alienates and is not acceptable.
Yeah this is definitely going on r/AsABlackMan...
That word was used as a derogatory term for slaves and has no place in society today regardless of what color your skin is it should never
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please do not use that word as an insult to someone that is unfair to the people that have disabilities
Please use language that is respectful of the differently abled.
You used a word that is hate speech toward people with disabilities and that will not be tolerated here.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
That word is offensive toward the LGBT community and will not be tolerated here.
The use of that word is derogatory toward women and will not be tolerated.
Please use language that is respectful of women.
I understand the anger especially if she is an animal abuser but the use of hate speech (including toward women) is not tolerated.
Yeah she's going to prison
This type of rhetoric is derogatory towards targeted groups and the point can be made without these words.
How original an insult... /s
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
It might be outlandish but let's keep the conversation civil. We're all entitled to our opinions.
This type of rhetoric is derogatory and the point can be made without these words. Please refrain from using such terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. That's low.
I'm so tired of that word. Everyone has abilities and inabilities. Some men are louder to make up for other limits. We don't announce it!!
These derogatory terms such as "retard" and "arseface" are very uncalled for. Please watch your language.
Use more gender appropriation avoid slang and deragotory gender pronouns and descriptors.  Avoid harsh and aggressive adjectives and slang.
Feminists are just human beings fighting for their human rights. Please refrain from using the term in a negative context.
Avoid using term 'feminists
Women are not objects so you should not refer to them as such especially when talking about intercourse.
Avoid sexually explicit language.  Refrain from deragatory/slang pronouns to identify gender.
Ummm
"Bint" is a very hurtful derogatory term that should not be used to describe women. That was uncalled for.
"Retard" is a derogatory term and is an insult to mentally ill people. You should not be using that word with a negative connotation.
Avoid deragatory language.  Refrain from curse words when describing individuals.  Omit offensive language towards handicap.
The concern here is that real women are getting hurt this isn't a rhetorical exercise.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
I don't think that you had any purpose to saying this except to insult people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
Considering the history of harm against gay people you should think twice before using this as a joke.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
If you want to be taken seriously in this argument you shouldn't continue to use your reflexive insults.
Stop picking on political choices and bashing people for their gender.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
How original an insult... /s
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Wow hateful
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
I think it is more of a mental disorder to constantly cut others' down to prove your point.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Even though she did something horrible we don't need to lower ourselves a level by calling her names.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It is not a good idea to use the word retarded to describe people with different views if you want to be taken seriously.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
We should respect people with mental disabilities and not use derogatory terms to describe other things.
Hard to respect anything you have to say when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Talking about women this way may be why you are having trouble connecting with them.
You might've had a good point
Regarding human connection this cynically is not going to help you to be happy in life.
One of you is wrong and one of you is right and both of you need to stop using offensive language towards women.
Using offensive language doesn't really help get any sort of point through.
These comments are clearly made only to upset people and you should take a look at people having a healthy conversation around you.
What a heinous and disgusting thing to say. I hope one day you grow up and learn to have shame.
Using misogynistic language isn't really helping anyone respect your opinion.
If you are worried about protecting girls you shouldn't be using sexist language.
There's no reason to use language like that just because you're upset. Think about all the women you're offending.
Using homophobic slurs isn't adding to the discussion.
It might be best to consider why these ideologies are received negatively instead of feeling victimized.
It makes no sense to use a term that is so highly offensive in this context. Reddit has a diverse user base and is not full of homosexuals.
People that have autism don't choose to have it and you should choose respect for people choose your words wisely
Please do not use mental illness as an insult when referring to others
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
They don't deserve ridicule they need support
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in comments.
There is not a reason in the universe for genocide. These people cannot help they were born and live where they do.
Please refrain from advocating genocide and using derogatory language as well as mental illnesses as insults.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
this language doesn't support anyone's argument bad people are bad people but not all women are involved here
What does this language add to anyone's argument stereotyping doesn't belong here
even if you don't agree with it using that kind of language and hate speech just perpetuates it and doesn't help your argument
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
how does this contribute to any argument it's unnecessary hate speech
Let's avoid this kind of language.
Defining someone by their gender and sexuality shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Why do you have to use such offensive language to express your opinion? Those words should never be used to describe another person
I realize you're quoting...somebody
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Let's try to avoid this kind of language in the future. I understand you're quoting a movie
Please don't use offensive and derogatory terms to express your opinion about something this trivial.
I don't think there is a rape culture
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Putting others down and using foul language makes others not take the comments seriously.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone names shows how little of a person they truly are.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone such a despicable name shows the world your lack of intelligence.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
With all the name calling it is easy for someone to lose sight of whatever point the commenter was attempting to make.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
More moderators to monitor misogyny and a button that the harassed can use to  keep users who have harassed them from commenting to them.
Most women are perfectly wonderful don't generalize your feelings to all of them
Moderators can discourage useless comments that don't add anything to the conversation.
"Re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
"Ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"B--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and detract from intelligent discourse. They should be avoided.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Feminists is an acceptable term but probably using cunt is too much.
While I agree should we consider we would get a lot more agreement without the c words?
I don't understand what the gay community has to do with your disagreement with this person.
we can have a mature discussion without calling names. let us all be adults here.
We might get further intellectually if we get gone with the name calling. Worth a try?
This is exactly the problem. That word is highly offensive to many females. There's just no need.
we can have different opinion but we can state that without being too emotional
We were doing well until the lazy **** though/ I know it was meant conversationally but it really takes away from all. Make sense?
To answer the question of this thread--yes it is offensive in this use. Now that you've been warned further use could lead to suspension
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Using sexist language is not acceptable. Try actually contributing something next time. Such hate speech will just lead to suspensions.
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Misrepresenting an article won't lead to a ban but using sexist language can. Next time don't risk it and keep such language off the site.
You are making far too many generalizations with no evidence to back up your claims.
There's a lot to unpack here but the gist of it is this--using sexist language will lead to a ban in the future.
Women aren't foreign creatures they are human same as you.
If you can't express your feelings without using sexist language
She may be evil but using language like that takes away from your statement.
Cease the painful comments to others who are innocent.
The insult you used intends to hurt a specific group of people and is hateful
Tell me how you feel but leave out the damaging remarks.
Automatically dismissing women's opinions is extremly inapropriate. You are taking down half of the population because you do not understand
Let me hear your feelings without the degrading speech.
I don't know that I'd go quite that far but yes it was a silly thing of them to say.
Please do not use that vulgar term when describing others.
I don't think it's necessarily good to classify people like that. But I understand the point.
Do not use a disability as an insult to others.
Automod was dumb
I think it might be a bit wrong to refer to a nationality like that.
Woah! There is no place for that language here. Do not use those terms again.
I don't think that is a good thing to call them.
Please avoid using that term regarding a mental disability
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
Using the word 'twat' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the slur used here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
The thing is with lawsuits is that the victims never really get enough of the money. It is wasted on lawyers and specialists.
Everything you have said is somewhat acceptable other than using the r word for no reason.
I see that you were quoting someone
Both sides are out of control. Just like with racism there is no reason anymore in 2019 to have such a divide!
You're doing a good enough job making yourself look bad using language like that. Keep sexist language off the site or be banned.
Men have a right to stick up for themselves but honestly both genders need to just stop and get along again.
So rude without any reason! Let's move forward with some more positive dialogue.
Racism/homophobia are unacceptable. Continue to use the language or perpetuate the stereotypes seen in this thread and you'll be permabanned
Eating dogs might be acceptable in other countries but in America that isn't something we do openly.
This is a dumb joke and this entire thread should stop.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I wouldn't drag people with disabilities like that. Do better.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The more name calling I use the more right I am" -You
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
To use sexuality an of insult is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"shit track"\n2. inadequate expression:"screaming faggot"
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"dyke rage"
It isn't funny or edgy to behave this way
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
1. inadequate expression : "some retards"\n3. inadequate expression: "stop oppressing me faggot !"\n5. inadequate expression: "to choke you"
Hey
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
2. inadequate word and expression: "Dumbass. Retarded fucking dumbass."\n4. inadequate expression: "Dimwit. Retarded fucking"
1. inadequate expression:"but racist taddle tales do"\n2. inadequate expression: "the black chick"\n3. inadequate expression: "kid retarded"
It's possible to have a conversation without resorting to slurs.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use those words.
Let's calm down on the slurs.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Heeeyy...you can find something else a little better to say than that word!
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
That's offensive to those who are mentally handicapped.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
People sometimes get lower paying jobs while going to school or in-between higher paying jobs everyone deserves to have food on the table.
Use of the word moron and retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You're throwing a really wide net to say the entire fourth largest continent in the world is a hell hole for people who are men.
There are women who are capable of loving someone just as there are men.  On the other hand there are people who are incapable of feeling.
Use of the c-word is offensive and derogatory towards women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word sullies the discussion here; use of this word is derogatory towards all women and not acceptable.
Hate speech isn't very attractive!  I think we can find more positive ways and words of expressing ourselves!
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Attacking people based on race is unacceptable hate speech (even if done jokingly). Please debate with ideas not insults.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please do not use slurs based on disabilities (e..g the "r" word). Your argument should be able to stand without it.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using slurs based on mental health (the "r" word) is considered hate speech. Please make your arguments without using on them.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please refrain from referring to one's national origin
Attacking someone by using ableist slurs is no way to have an argument.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please knock off the name calling.  You can express your opinion without using derogatory remarks that are incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the language "Stupid cunt" is an attack on women and you should not continue to say this.
More appropriate words to use are "mentally handicapped" and "homosexual"
Please refrain from using language classified as hate speech in your posts including homophobic misogynistic or ableist insults.
Just because you don't understand someones sexual orientation gives you no right to insult them in the manner that you have.
More appropriate words to use are "homosexuals" and do not use the word \'degenerates\'
Please refrain from using language that could be classified as hate speech in this case homophobic insults. It adds nothing to the convo
a more appropriate word to use is 'technohomosexuals''
Please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your comments.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
the word 'homosexual' is more appropriate to use but shouldn't be used either in this case.
Let's refrain from using hateful speech in this case misogynistic and homophobic insults.  It adds nothing to the conversation of the sub.
While I understand you guys are frustrated these words are hurtful to people that aren't your intended target.
"Ret--d" and its variants offend many and must be avoided here.
Using "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You made a very well-reasoned argument up until your unnecessarily sexist last sentence then you lost me.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Must we add insult to injury in regard to mentally and physically challenged folks by comparing them to Trump?
"Ret---ed"  as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey this conversation has nothing to do with handicapped people.
People sometimes will interpret things in a way you don't like. Don't cry 'unintelligent' when it could just be a difference in opinion.
C--t" and "re--rd" are offensive and hateful terms; please avoid using them in this forum.
You're trying to confirm your own biases and being unnecessarily harsh because of it.
It's better to assume ignorance than malice true but it's also better not to use slurs to refer to ignorance. See it as a teaching moment.
Ret--d" used here unfairly targets the mentally disabled and their families.
I wish you could meet the people that you hurt with this kind of langugae.
I doubt that blogger is as unintelligent as you say- not that it's a bad thing to be intellectually disabled of course.
since it offends many
Even if this story is true you went in with really racist assumptions.
I think you are misrepresenting black people. Please don't refer to them with that term.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid it simply makes you seem as if you have a lack of a vocabulary.
Do you have to refer to them in offensive language?
Defining someone by their social class is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
do you even understand what you're saying
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
do you have to say retarded?
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
It's like that homosexual slur is the only word you know! You should definitely expand your vocabulary!
Please do not use the word faggot
Using the slur here to insult is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Making fun of a serious disease like is done here is offensive and hurtful to decent people everywhere.
I can't believe several posters are on here admitting they looked at illegal content. The hateful slurs used in your posts don't help.
Derogatory remarks are uncalled for
The insults levied here are all highly offensive to groups of people and as such this type of hurtful speech has no place here.
RAcial stereotypes are ignorant
Mocking someone's fear isn't col. Neither is the name calling.
Misogynist text is ignorant
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
This comment is ridiculously offensive to many groups of people especially lesbians. It is just unnecessary.
Just because someone likes someone of the same sex doesn't mean you're a bad person.
There is no way to stop recognizing how we're created. Yes a man holds sperm
The mocking tone and the use of retarded are both rude and offensive.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are dumb.
So I really don't see the issue between anime and fascism.
Just because you don\'t agree with what an author writes does not mean the author is "a retard." Much better words can be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean yours is better.
It is not sexist to hold women accountable
Being feminist does not make someone an idiot. Not all feminists play "victim" and telling them to shove it up their twat is so vulgar.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using "Tw--s" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling does not make your point more valid.
Using the "c---" term and insulting the aged are both offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean calling them names will solve the problem.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret---ed" "fag--t" "tw-t" and/or "cu-t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Using foul language and name calling does nothing to validate your point it only creates arguments.
Your insult game is mad whack.
Using foul language and talking down on others only starts arguments it doesn't make your point of view heard.
To define someone by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
Using foul language only shows that you either didn't grasp the article or you have a lack of a vocabulary.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
"Ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint.
Both using the "c---" term and misogynistic hatred directed at women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. You don't seem like the most rational person.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring yet offensive--it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
opinions can be expressed without slander.
point can be made without derogatory.
The pejorative uses of "c--t" here is hateful and detracts from intelligent discourse. It should be avoided.
slandering individuals is only creating bigger issues.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
agreeing to disagree is whats best when conversations begin to escalate.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Writing a comment consisting of nothing but a derogatory slur isn't really adding anything to the discussion.
That is a poor choice of words pick something better
Using offensive slurs thinking that they add to the conversation in any way makes you seem ignorant.
Lift your conversation out of the gutter you can do better.
Using derogatory language like that defeats the purpose of your argument.
Using derogatory language isn't any way to get your point across in an argument.
You have been flagged for using hate terms choose your words more carefully.
Just cause she's a lady it doesn't mean you should call her a cunt.
Please do not use sexist language in your posts.
Please do not use language that perpetuates racist stereotypes.
User 9 why are you so angry about this it isn't that big of a deal. Chill out man.
Even if she did abuse her mother you don't need to call her a cunt. That's a bit much.
You don't have to call someone retarded. Didn't your mother ever teach you that if you don't have anything nice to say don't say nothing.
It might not seem that deep but a lot of people do use video games to express internal bias. It's not right.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and retarded as they directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness respectively
You should respect people's religious beliefs and cultural experience.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
None of you sound smart. Police brutality is a serious issue and you should try engaging with it in a more understanding way.
Its inappropriate to use words (retard and cunt)that directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness.
They are ableist as well as racist since that slur paints the intellectually disabled in a bad light.
Hey guys please do not use someones disability as an insult.
Don't taunt others when they're down. Especially not with slurs.
Woah there is no reason to use that type of vulgar term.
Avoid using those vulgar terms when posting in response to others.
There is no reason to use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in these posts.
You can make the same argument and points without using this speech. It will make your post more enjoyable and readable
Females generally don't get passes just because they're female.
Simply find better words. This will likely result in you getting more upvotes and karma on Reddit. No one wants downvotes.
More moderators on this subreddit to cut down on misogyny
Disable the chatbox from typing offensive words.
The face she's making might just be her poker face.  More investigation would have to be done on her training.
If you cannot add something that furthers the conversation of the topic then do not post at all
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words
This comment contains a slur that is very harmful for gay people.
excercising your free speech by being offensive...nice
The r word is a slur that affects mentally disabled people. Even medically it's an outdated term.
a little much
Not only are there words being used to degrade women here the entire comments are degrading to women. Absolutely horrifying.
To be honest it's simple. We have somewhat free speech online. If I don't like what a person posts I just unfollow them or block them.
The real reason is because law and order has many different meanings in various cities.
I think she doesn't want to bothered today that's all.
Not sure who specifically you are referring to but you might want to explain yourself in more detail without the vulgar language.
Wow that is awful. Even if I don't really like my family I still have a moral obligation to be kind to them.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using words that are commonly regarded as derogatory towards women.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
With the words you choose to use you are reinforcing a culture of hatred.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Using this language does not promote a constructive conversation on this subject no matter how horrible this woman's actions were.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Resorting to hateful rhetoric is a poor way to support your point in any argument
C--t" and "cow" are offensive inappropriate and misogynistic terms; they should not be used here.
Stop with the gender bashing insults.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in civilized discourse. It is an offensive slur that is hateful toward all women.
Retard" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of the word retard and gay in this thread is offensive because it equates with being inferior and that is wrong.
Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
While I agree that anti-vaxers are misinformed
My son had a bad reaction and now has mild autism and a rare muscular disease. So ant-vaxers aren't crazy. Just do your research.
Everyone is entitled to there opinion.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. Especially not with slurs.
Star Trek Discovery is awesome!
Making up words is literally how language advances. It is perpetuated by people using words they're not supposed to use
It is more of an aggressive personality if a player is triggered. Nothing to do with gender.
Hey guys
Every language has their good and bad words. Let's leave it at that and move on.
I don't understand how any woman would appreciate the terms you used.
Please refrain from making sexist and gender demeaning comments.
"B--ch" and "c--t" used to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
I don't believe there is any event that vindicated the use of a word that condemns all women.
Please do not use language that is demeaning towards women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Using "tw-t" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please do not make comments attacking women.  Also refrain from using language that demeans those with disabilities.
"Retar---ion" offends many and detracts from the rest of your argument.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Tell me how you feel but please reappraise your language.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please limit the negative comments that are demeaning to others.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please change your words to ones that are more congenial.
Both "fa--ot and "c--t" are offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
Remember that others have feelings so please reconsider the talk that is demeaning.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that language.
Not sure if you're trying to be deliberately edge but please watch the language in this subreddit.
Stop using gender based insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your point isn't wrong but you need to check the language.
Stop using a medical condition as a slur.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
This conversation needs to calm down a little so I'm stepping in. Please watch the language.
Stop using gender based political choices and racist propaganda as insults.
While your sentiment is not wrong you need to avoid this type of language.
This is a serious medical concern. No need to start with the anti-woman slurs.
Homophobic language will not be tolerated here.
No reason to use homophobic slurs. Sexuality has zero to do with this topic.
This language is not acceptable. While you make a point this is not necessary.
This is a very interesting viewpoint despite your hateful comments suggestion the poster's lack of intelligence in your opinion.
Let's avoid this language please.
This type of language mocks mentally challenged individuals and has nothing to do with your point.
The name calling isn't necessary; just say they're stupid and  move on.
Hey i am retarded and very offended.  Retards are more intelligent than that lobotomized sponge.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
You're making a lot of assumptions about these people when you've never met them. They probably aren't nearly as bad as you think.
You lose you're arguement with me when you compare  use some of the terminology you do
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Trying to fight fire with fire here isn't going to change anything. You're allowed to be upset
You don't have anything more clever than that?
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Using a slur like 'cunt' doesn't make your argument any better
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You don't have any proof that people with mental handicaps are dangerous. Look up some real data and you might change your mind.
Educate yourself.  This is an incredibly ignorant view and you should work on it.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
What is the point of using that language in this context it is irrelevant
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think it's fair to lump entire countries together anyway we all have lots of different types of people with different ideas
Regardless of the context "faggot" is such an offensive term it should be avoided.
Why do you care what other people do with their lives it doesn't affect you
Someone's gender shouldn't be a reason to hate someone and not all men are terrible.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Even though the mom has done something terrible such as this the justice system will find the right punishment for her besides hanging.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Sounds like you're speaking from experience. Do you want to talk about what your ex-girlfriend did to make you miserable?
She will eventually be punished but there is no point on stooping to there level and call people names.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Revise content to remove negative comment re: sexual orientation
Stop using sexual choice based insults.
Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
Stop using a gender based insult.
Remove 2nd sentence in your comment please.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
Racist comments are not permitted.
Stop using negative racist terms as insults.
Refrain from using slang terms for people with disabilities.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable because it disparages a group of people that have been historically persecuted
Hey gay people are accepted now. Calling them slurs just outs you as a bigot.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Luckily ableist slurs are not institutionalized into the literature of computer science. However they seem to be wired into your brain.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Retarded" is not a cool word to use anymore. It was formally a word used to disparage the differently abled. Luckily we\'re more civilized
Hey guys I agree with your politics but let's not use the r-word.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
There is little going on here except for hate speech and that has to stop.
how is that comment helpful
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
No need to use that word.
No need to use that degrading word.
ideology doesn't have to lead us all to use hateful speech
Stop using political choices and medical conditions as insults.
These comments come off as childish.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey that term is offensive towards women. If you hate women keep using it otherwise don't.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Hey the r-word has unfortunate reminders of the history of the intellectually disabled. Let's not use it and make reddit a pleasant place.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey that word is offensive towards gays.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Just because someone disagrees with you does not mean their views are dumb.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that hate speech should not be tolerated here or anywhere.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I think it's possible. A lady could spike a mans drink and rape him just like a man can to a woman.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't the boogey that is being seen as bad it's the latter.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that view.
Whoever asks someone on a date (man or girl) should pay but if it's a friend with no romantic chance than no we're paying 50/50.
Please do not use offensive and/or derogatory language as an insult
Wow well men do this a lot too. Especially with younger women. They just trade the older model in for the newer one.
derogatory and sexist comments are hurtful and unwelcome. They do not reflect the values of the members here. Please refrain
I actually still use PayPal and my kids make fun of me saying nobody does anymore.
the use of racist and derogatory terms are hurtful and unneeded. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to Admin
xenophobic and sexist terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments on this thread
You're last comment made you look pretty trivial. Try adult language.
The idea of a porn game is cool but not a headless body.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please show some respect to woman and refrain from these type of comments.
Omit [cunt]. This term is generally considered profane & sexually deragatory.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Refrain from using deragatory descriptors (i.e. [retard]).   This term is considered bias against developmentally disabled.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive detracts from your point and should be avoided.
Avoid using profanity during descriptions.  Refrain from deragatory terms such as [retard].
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Avoid using the term "retarded". Many users find it offensive.
I agree. Keep the bigoted terms to yourself.
Warning. Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many view it as offensive in any context.
Try dumb or stupid instead of a derogatory term.
Avoid using the term "retarded" Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
There are a few words here that show you might be intellectually challenged. Try a little harder.
Avoid the term "retarded"  Many consider it offensive regardless of the context.
The user probably didn't understand how to create the content and seemed to be in an unfortunate state. Name-calling won't help.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
That is entirely irrelevant to this conversation and also very painful to read and most important not true.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Let's listen to what the original poster was trying to say. Calling anyone a c-word male or female is bad form.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that the language of the article was incorrect but there's no need to use that word to describe it. It is hurtful.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
That kind of language necessarily insults all women not just the one you are talking about
Your comments about feminists and individuals with autism are a violation of Reddit's content restrictions
Repeating this hateful language isn't helping though could leave it out
Use of that term to describe a woman is offensive and gender discrimination
don't think lumping all women into a categroy like this helpful though
The degenerate language being used makes everyone want to stop reading.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This comment disparages half the human race with bad words and puts it off as fact.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This has devolved into name calling it adds nothing.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please try to be more sensitive on this issue.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Misogynistic hatred "Tw-t" and "ret--d" are hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's not a respectful word
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
using the word 'retard' is considered to be albeism. Refrain from such words
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It is not an appropriate to make fun of a persons mental development .
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please don't make fun of someones mental development by using it as a slur.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The word used as a slur towards women is not appropriate here.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The profanity used can be mistaken for hate speech towards Hindus and women refrain from using it.
using the words 'faggot' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
The use of a homophobic slur is unnecessary.
You don't have to call people that word
The foul language should be replaced in order for people to want to hear your opinion.
You can express your political opinions without resorting to slurs thanks.
Speaking such derrogatory comments speaks volumes about your character.
Regardless of your struggles being sexist is never okay.
That was probably the most ignorant
Replacing the foul language will make people more open to hearing your opinion.
Please educate yourself on sexual assault and rape culture.
Crude language may confuse readers on your meaning and intention.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
The damage has been dealt there is no reason to be rude as well.
Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
That term refers to a serious medical condition. It doesn't mean what you think it does.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
He was already agreeing with you that she's in the wrong. No need to pull out the anti-woman slurs.
You are using pejorative and hateful terms for women in a demeaning manner. You are attacking this person on the basis of her sex.
I agree hate speech is antiquated and we're beyond it. It has no place in 2019.
If your mom is still taking care of you she deserves a medal not to be called hateful names!
What's wrong with that? You seem like an unkind
Totally unwarranted to use a slur regarding someone's sexual orientation as a response.
Using this term in this way constitutes hate speech.
If you don't like something you don't need to resort to hateful language to express yourself.
Please avoid using the term "cunt" to describe people. It is hate speech.
It's not nice to use that word when talking about the mentally ill. That was very offensive.
No reason to insult people with a disability while expressing your opinions here.
This comment is pure hate speech even the parts that are not vulgar. please avoid such speech.
As much as I agree with your stance it is not necessary to insult those with mental disabilities.
This type of language is offensive and your point can be made using other words.
That was a whirlwind of a statement it goes from nice
I agree with gender equality but using a derogatory word in your statement is counterproductive.
This type of language is offensive and promotes a culture of hatred. Please refrain from using these words in your argument.
You don't have to disparage a whole gender because this person wasted your time.
The use of foul language takes away from any point that is trying to be made.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
That's pretty inappropriate. How would they know which side of the fene you belong on
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Name calling only speaks about the name callers character.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
I don't feel it's necessary to use a word that demeans the differently-abled just to describe your feelings for this person
The foul language should be replaced with more proper verbiage.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think everyone would appreciate it if you saw yourself out of this subreddit. Thank you.
What is the point in calling people retards? Do you think it makes you look intelligent?
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Nothing that any of you have said has been productive. Just taking pot shots at each other.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
SHould be ashamed.. misleading someone that doesn't speak english well enough.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Both gender-based threats of violence and using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive hate speech and should be avoided.
Referring to others with derogatory language undermines your points consider different language in the future
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
"Dumb c--ts" is a hateful ignorant and misogynistic utterance and so has no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Using the "c---" term to refer to women far from showing cleverness is in fact offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Everyone needs to stop with the racist profiling. Not everyone is the same. I am blonde white female and I'm broke.
If you are trying to defend minorities using language like this does not help your cause.
You should at least try to listen to people's objections before you dismiss them.
I know 9pm doesn't seem late to some but to be out on Halloween it's a bit late. My kids never went out after 7 or 8
All you are doing is trying to silence women for disagreeing with you
If you want to be taken seriously in your arguments you shouldn't insult totally unrelated minorities!
I love Judge Judy! Nobody can call her sexist she gets on everyone!
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
It is ridiculous and harmful to suggest that women and Muslims are able to "get away with anything". You are fomenting resentment.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively far from showing any wit is offensive and should be avoided
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
The "n word" in any context offends many so has no place in intelligent commentary.
106: your comment trivializes rape and falsely suggests that women you don't find attractive cannot be victims. 92: n-word is racist.
Dude
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative sterotype show care or promote understanding.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or you will be reported
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
You know
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please think about what you are saying before you comment.
Please withdraw the harmful language from your comments.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please know that there are consequences to your speech so take out the nasty language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please eradicate the destructive language from your commentary.
Please think about how your words can negatively affect others feelings and remove the damaging ones.
Regardless of her opinion you should not call her that.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature make a productive conversation.
Not sure  who your referring to but that language is not appreciated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Calling him that will not make you feel better about yourself.
I dont understand why everyone on this site uses that word when referring to a female.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Saying something like that is wrong I bet you wouldnt feel the same if it was your mother.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts please.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the thread
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please stop or Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from including ableist insults in your posts.  It doesn't add to discussion or help your arguments.
Using sexist insults in your post doesn't add anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the sub with that.
Understanding that people with mental disabilities deserve respect is a good quality to develop.
Mental retardation is a serious medical condition. I'm sure that's not what you meant to mock with your comment.
I doubt the issue is about political affiliation sexual orientation or nationality. The issue is each individual standard of communication
I certainly support colorful language but that lewd phrase is highly offensive to women and isn't necessary.
It's not alright to use such a disrespectful term just because you can't seem to get someone to understand your point.
Calling someone that doesn\'t mean "stupid
Ret---ed" as used here is hateful may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and so must be avoided here.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retard" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
Both "ret--d" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans queer people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
are all forbidden here.'
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please keep the homophobic slurs out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation of the sub.
Can we not use that word?
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread
Why do you feel the need to attack someone explaining a medical condition.
That isn't nice to say.  Think about how a larger woman would feel if you told her this. Think before you speak
Hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
What are you even trying to say none of your sentences make sense they just make you look angry and hateful.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Just have to change one word and then everything is fine.
homophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Literally all of this is bad the bot is even worse. None of this is ok why would you think it is you wouldn't say this IRL.
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to espouse your racism
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit
Just call them morons really its 2019 now you can handle this.
If she was so terrible a person
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments when posting
Regardless of my opinion on what you said you just cant go that far and use certain words.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please have some respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
You can call her a lot of things but not that.
Using someone's sexuality shouldn't be used for their gaming skills.
Let's watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
As a female I agree that she should be fired if she cannot take constructive criticism . Stop being so sensitive.
There's no need for that kind of language. Be careful.
No way! We have Charlie Angels; leave James Bond to the guys!
Both of you are toeing the line. Let's hold back on the language please.
The flossing dance was done before it even started.
Using a woman's gender to judge her is outright pointless.
I admit that I really am not as nice to fellow women as I am to men. I find talking to men just so much easier.
I understand your frustration but this kind of language is not necessary.
Oh wow... I didn't know this happened. The Feds do not play when it comes to wire fraud. She might get a lot of time.
I dont even understand what you are getting at.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and relishing gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Im sure you have never been drunk and done stupid things.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
No need to refer to her as that Im not sure your mother would appreciate it.
No it is usually referring to women in a derogatory manner.
Don't bring gendered insults into it either
Your comment brought nothing to the conversation.
The level of disgust you're showing for another human being is upsetting.
This type of language is not appropriate and your point can be made without such derogatory words.
Every part of your comment was inappropriate for no reason. You could have easily conveyed your idea without being nasty.
The two of you are being so toxic to each other that there is no possible way for either of you to engage in civil discussion at this point.
Please try not to dicuss women's bodies openly and especially with such disgust.
This type of language has a history of being used in a derogatory manner against women. Please be careful in the words you use!
Why was any of this posted. From video to you three's comments nothing has been even remotely acceptable.
It's unfortunate that you see someone nonwhite and you don't even consider that they could have been cast for talent.
What does age have to do with any of the casting? Do the actors/actresses play their characters well?
Removing the foul language would make your point od view more understood.
Wow it makes me upset to see someone in this day and age still have this thought process about women. No doubt you don't have a wife urself
The entire comment is derrogatory and no one would ever take this seriously.
While it is understandable to be upset at this senator for her hypocritical actions we should try not to feed into what she's saying.
The foul language used needs to be replaced in order for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
I understand your message and what you are saying but
The foul language takes away from your opinion.
Listen guys it should be possible to talk about women you dislike without solely relying on sexist misogynistic remarks.
Speaking about woman in such a derrogatory way shows a serious lack of respect.
Please stop the abusive comments and use kinder words.
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub.
Please take out the deleterious comments and use ones that are more encouraging to others.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts does not help your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please don't use words that are so disrespectful to women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your responses in this thread.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Please take out the comments that are so destructive to women and use more objectivity in your speech to get your point across.
Any insults concerning sex gender or gender identity are unacceptable.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Insults concering an individual's disability are not permitted and are uncalled for.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
There is no need to use inappropriate language to express your opinions.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no need to use language demeaning someone's gender or sex to express your opinion.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
It was totally unnecessary to use hateful language demeaning people with disability in your comment.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Calling someone a name makes one look small and weak.
Learn how to spell 'Youre' before you start throwing shit at others.
Using that kind of language is the lowest form of name calling and makes it seem as if the topic is not comprehended at all by some.
I mean what? This is literally nothing but rage fueled gibberish.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The point of this comment is lost amongst all of the foul language.
There are much nicer words that you can use for people that disagree with you.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using "autistic kid" to label someone\'s intelligence is very unfair towards those with true autism.
Hi Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Pls and Thx
A girl's race does not need to be pointed out to judge her for how she is. You should not judge someone using sexual remarks about them.
Using someone's religion or beliefs shouldn't be used to judge them.
Let's try to avoid foul language in the general chat to avoid distractions.
Please try not to be belligerent.
Let's avoid using curses or words that are likely to be seen as more inflammatory than persuasive.
There's nothing wrong with them wanting a new subreddit.
If we avoid the rough language it might be easier to get our points across/not shut down our audience.
Language like that doesn't exactly portray yourself as any better.
That kind of language doesn't help anyone understand your point of view.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This comment is unnecessarily hateful towards mothers and women and demeans mothers in a harmful way.
Both "ret--ded" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and all hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without it or leave.
Remember that we're trying to uphold a certain standard in our conversation and that talking in derogatory terms only hurts our endeavors.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While it's obvious that this wasn't taken as offensive this could've been handled in a more friendly manner in case that didn't happen.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
It is a miracle a spot was even open. They shouldn't of acted that way.
Name calling really takes away from the point that you are trying to make.
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Having an opinion different from mine doesn't make you them a pedophile but sex with minors is illegal.
Name calling and foul language takes away from the point of the topic and creates pointless arguments.
Using stereotypes speaks volumes about your character.
That's not nice at all. You should apologize.
Using someone's gender and sexuality shouldn't be mentioned just to judge them.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That could really offend someone.  You should do more research about other people's sexuality.
Keeping up with "retards" doesn\'t necessarily make them retarded.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Suggesting that women in general are "useless" and "lazy" is ridiculous and harmful. You are over-generalizing from specific incidents.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
34: suggesting that underclass people are to blame for their poverty because of "bad genes" is ridiculous and encourages eugenicist ideas.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
2: Your characterization of women is ridiculous demeaning and harmful. 3: It is unacceptable to make light of rape in this way.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Well that escalated quickly. Try to keep your heads about you.
What do you think will be accomplished by continuing to associate negativity with the LGBTQ+ community? You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I understand that you're frustrated but this kind of language is uncalled for.
The "C" word is a compliment in Australia. They have an affinity for things down under. Not quite in the USA.
Although your opinion matters calling someone you don't know a cunt is just rude to be rude.
I understand what you're trying to say but this language is not appropriate.
Good thing that\'s not a real charge. "What is she charged with?" "I\'d rather not say your honor." There is a better way to make your point.
Do you believe calling them "retards" will change their view to yours?
You disagree with a group.. so they are bots. Sounds an awful lot like the stereotypes you are accusing that group of to me.
I'm sorry this happened to you but this kind of language is not appropriate.
That shows a huge lack of morals.  And please stop insulting the female genitalia it's not their fault!!! =)
I agree that person was a less then admirable person.. still no need to call her a "cunt".
Using hateful ableist language is not helping your argument or adding anything to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Both of you are wrong. It's not polite to spam messages which no one likes
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything helpful to the sub's discussion
You had valid points until the last sentence. That made me disregard everything you said previously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance to the discussion.
Please do not be so unkind when someone is relating honest questions. Your comment is not welcome here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your response.  It adds nothing to the discussion or your argument.
Not everyone will agree with your vulgar and pointless attack on people because they are different from you.
Using hateful ableist language in your post is not adding to the discussion.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
yes he does sound like an Incel but lets not fuel that by personal attacks.
some women exploit ugly men emotionally like some men exploit ugly women sexually. its not all of either party.
You wrote a decent supporting message really to be ok its jsut one word to change otherwise keep being awesome!
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Retard" and "fagot" are pejorative and hateful word that demean people. It is hurtful and harmful to use them.
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
its offensive to use faggots and retarded they directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and mental disability respectively
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Please restrain from using the abusive language.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Give your comments without the hateful speech please.
This comment\'s use of the word "cunt" seems demeaning and harmful towards women in a misogynistic way.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please stop insulting those with disabilities and use more objective comments.
"Retarded" is a hateful word used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. Using "mentally challenged" in this way too.
using words like cunt and retarded is offensive since its a direct attack based on someone's gender and mental disability
Please use language that is going to state your point without degrading others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities.
You're lowering the level of this discussion by resorting to slurs like that.
The terms "c--t(s)" and "reta--ds" are bigoted terms of ignorance and so do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
You\'re making blanket assumptions about complete strangers but still accusing others of "brainwashing" that\'s awful.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
I understand that you want women to be treated the same as men but siding with violence is not the answer.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
People from California and Sweden can publish whatever they want. If you have opposing opinions you're free to publish something as well.
Using foul languge takes away from the validity of one's point as well as creates pointless arguments.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
If you want your own religion to be respected then you should respect that of others. Also User 2 has no right to infer you are  "r."
Using foul language doesn't make a point any more valid.
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Just because you disagree with Beto doesn't mean you have to feminize his name or imply he's a homosexual.
I think it's best you think twice about what you are saying. You should focus more on yourself.
That's someone's sister or wife or mother. Just because she has a different political ideology doesn't mean you have to debase her
Please use more respectful words when referring to other groups and persons!
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to show your frustration at not being racist towards who you'd like to be racist towards
Woah! Please be respectful in the words you use instead of resorting to derogatory name-calling.
It's not necessary to disparage a whole gender of people because this person made questionable decisions.
Please refrain from using derogatory name-calling which could be offensive to other users.
its inappropriate to use words such as  dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding or show care.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the words like retardation and psycho is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please have discussions with respect to all persons and groups. Using derogatory names is not constructive.
That's extremely racist and rude. You should delete your comment.
I know you aren't meaning to be insulting
Please use appropriate and respectful language when addressing others in the conversation.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Using name calling speaks volumes about your character.
I agree
Your comment is horrendously sexist objectifying women in a harmful way and employing the hateful sexist slur "cunt".
There are more efficient ways to describe someone other than resorting to name calling.
Removing the foul language would make people more receptive to your point of view.
All the name calling shows a lack of character on the name callers behalf.
Please quit being so wounding with your words.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more heard by others.
Please think about how other people feel when you make these hurtful comments.
Name calling is a very childish act.
Please think of the consequences of your words before you speak.
Calling someone a name like that speaks volumes about your character.
Please exclude the unfriendly comments and use ones that are nicer.
Please do away with the damaging remarks to get your point across.
I don't disagree with your point
"Retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. Also not good to throw "autist" around.
Making fun of medical conditions isn't cool. I'm sure you didn't even think about that before you wrote those insensitive comments.
Not sure what's going on this conversation but this kind of language is not acceptable.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
That's not even remotely funny. Making fun of mentally challenged people isn't a joke.
Let's watch the language please. This is inappropriate.
Speaking so derrogatorily about someone makes you look like a small individual.
You could say you disapprove without mocking a serious medical condition.
I understand you're frustrated but you need to watch your language.
Using foul language doesn't get your point heard any more than not using foul language.
This thread is actually funny minus the name calling in the beginning!
This is a lot of back and forth banter for a topic that could be interesting if you stayed focused!
Not sure what's going on here but please watch your language.
All the foul language and name calling and none of it has anything to do with the topic.
Wow! He said thanks. The hostility is totally uncalled for!
Does using that inflammatory word make you feel better? You just demeaned a group of people that include your mother
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The preferred vernacular is "differently-abled" or "challenged". Don\'t be a brute
Your language and tone are demeaning and harmful towards lesbian women.
Why would women wanna be gay when they could be with someone as open-minded as you?
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Your usage of that pejorative is not necessary. You only intend to enflame with this language.
You are using the word "cunt" to specifically demean women which is a sexist slur against women and unacceptable.
You are aware that you are demeaning a group of people that includes your mother? Use new words. Do it for mommy
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
If you're a fat person too then you should understand why it's appealing to want an easy out.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'bitch cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Being rude like this isn't a good look.
This comment is evidently misogynistic using hateful slurs against women.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
There's no reason to escalate to calling her that.
Using this kind of language doesn't add anything to the conversation.
"Fag" and "retard" are hateful words that are used to demean gay people and people with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory and xenophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I think you will find that many people with mental handicaps are actively striving for self determination within a capitalist society.
Your usage of gendered terminology will likely get your opinion ignored and blocked by the people who's minds you are trying to change.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin
The use of antiquated and imprecise language is really holding back your arguments.
hey sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The internal workings and decisions of the legal system are quite arcane and have a lot to do with circumstances the public may not know.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings while posting in reddit
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or that describe a person with a mental disability are not productive.
"Re---d" "fa--ot" and "carpetmucher" all used here detract from legitimate discussion of gender issues; such hatred must be eliminated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that perpetuate negativity show care.
"The n word" and "k-ke" are terms of hate betray ignorance and should not be used here.
Such an alphabet soup of ignorant hatred and gross insensitivity merely brand the speaker as profoundly ignorant. Please avoid them here.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please use words that are universally accepted and avoid blatant degradation
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please be respectful to other users and groups! Derogatory words and names don't contribute to a meaningful conversation.
Please be mindful of the words you choose. Words that are historically considered derogatory can offend others in a public forum.
Everyone is entitled to their opionion
Using sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words. This rhetoric is offensive and derogatory towards women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Threads couldn't possibly be retarded
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Women have enough issues as it is please don't contribute to sexism.
Choose other words to describe females
There's no reason to use the c-word try broadening your vocabulary.
The way she looks has nothing to do with the content.
Cheaters are awful but there's no reason to bring sexist comments into this.
You are being extremely disrespectful to those suffering from mental illness.
These words can be very hurtful to people who are challenged
I agree
Let's not use the R word it's offensive to other people attack ideas not people.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided.
Hey guys as a gaming reddit we have a lot of kids so let's tone down the language also User 1 stop attacking people.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
Don't use the R word it's offensive to people of different abilities not the people you're trying to make fun of.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
I'm not sure what that is
There's no point saying something that means anything designed to deliberately annoy.
Your slur seems to be demeaning towards both LGBTQ and African-Americans. It is harmful to use the n-word lightly like that as a joke.
I hope that your use of that word doesn't reflect on your relationship with your mother.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
I don't get why people have to refer to women by that word.
All of you would likely know more about how women think if you didn't throw the word cunt around.
Not only the work "c--t" but blatantly misogynistic excreta like "dumb c--t" is hateful and forbidden here.
You could use another word that wasn't offensive to all women.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You're bringing down a reasonable discussion by introducing this kind of language.
Using words like "cunt" and using someone\'s gender doesn\'t makes sense when you try and judge their actions/beliefs.
I think you can both admit this conversation lost all point once you began to use such offensive language.
Using someone's sexuality to judge them is pointless especially when the judging is for no reason at all.
This is incredibly disrespectful to two women who are world class athletes.
Retard" and "retarded" are words that demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences not casual insults.
You're depersonalizing these people by using that kind of terminology which makes you less sensitive to them being hurt.
Please end the harassment of others by changing your hurtful language.
Replacing the foul language with better words will allow people to better understand your opinion.
Please discard the hurtful words that are damaging to others.
The use of foul language makes the comments unreadable to most people.
Please end the comments that are hostile and use kinder explanations.
How you feel about how a person is acting doesn't give you the right to refer to them in a hateful manner. Please refrain
Describing someone using such a derrogatory term speaks volumes about your character.
Even if you don't like the attitudes of people please use words that are more respectful.
hey there racist and sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Stop using racist insults.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using gender based insults.
You aren't helping your argument when you use sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  Please refrain from it in the future.
The type of language you use is not appropriate and is derogatory.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please use other language to make your point without using derogatory names and phrases.
The use of foul language makes it hard to understand what someone is trying to say.
I agree with your opinion but I prefer to use the term stupid.
The foul language used would be better substituted for a more appropriate verbiage.
Dogs are not the brightest animals but I do not think using that word to describe them is appropriate.
The foul language takes away from the   validity of the point that is being made.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or demeans a person's gender identity is not productive in conversion.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
The woman in question was practicing free speech and expression
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thx
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
A word is more than its shock value
Hey Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. Thank you
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans other people.
All of the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character.
You are unfairly blaming societal problems on groups of people who you have chosen as scapegoats but who also suffer from the same problems
Name calling shows the kind of person you are.
First of all it's patently false that immigrants are unintelligent. Also you should be more sensitive to developmental differences.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I think you are factually incorrect here engaging in hyperbole that is meant to vilify women.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and its embedding is misogynistic rants  are each offensive and should be avoided
"Gay men...deserve to be killed" is blatant hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's so racist and sad. You should think more before you type.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is never clever; it is offensive and should be avoided
This whole conversation is absurd
Twice in your response you used gender based hate speech. This kind of speech does not help you make your point. Please avoid doing so.
I don't think using words that demean a peron's gender are productive in conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
She did apologize and she is a student. Hopefully it's a lesson taught and brought into adulthood.
Not sure why you think its necessary to attack someone over gender which has nothing to do with the story.
My ex told me that he hated not being circumcised and that it causes infection if not cleaned twice a day.
Demeaning people with disabilities while expressing your opinion on circumcision is totally unwarranted.
He is just trying to say that is what he finds attractive but at no times does it mean hate or racism. I have to agree.
Your use of outdated and insulting terms is unwarranted in this thread.
I might want to see this movie. It actually looks pretty good.
You can disagree with someone without using offensive/demeaning language.
I don't think only women caused this issue. I am in my 30s and bought 2 homes already and own a business.
Totally unwarranted to refer to older individuals in that manner.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
cunt" is sexist.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are hateful and bigoted terms. Their use here is unnecessary and offensive to many.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
If someone wants to act out or break the law they get arrested regardless if their a woman.
Some feminist get out of hand with the extreme ideology but not all.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I am still sitting here shocked NYC had a parking spot open.
Hey there Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The stats do say history repeats itself. My mom was abused by her 1st husband and then I went on to go through the same.
R---rds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I think it's a good concept to be able to change the gender to what you prefer no harm done.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thank you
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please be respectful to all races ethnicities religions and genders. Conversations are more constructive when we avoid derogatory names.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using derogatory and offensive names when referring to fellow users.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please use more universally accepted words when referring to other people.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Woah! Please use words that are universally accepted. It is easier to have a conversation without resorting to degrading or derogatory words
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please be respectful in the words you choose! Opinions can be expressed in a way that doesn't use derogatory names as a crutch.
Using sexist insults in your post isn't adding anything to your argument or contributing to the topic.  Please refrain from it in the future
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Please refrain from using sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the discussion with that.
Racist  and sexist comments are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting.
Using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of substance to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from it in the future
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to the conversation in this thread.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please be considerate of others and their feelings
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments you aren't adding anything helpful to the conversation of the sub
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist insults in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything to the debate in this sub.
Retard" is an unacceptable slur used to demean people with learning disabilities/differences. "Islamic savagery" is extremely Islamophobic.
The hateful use of "ret--ds" and "retar--d"as well as bigoted speech directed at jews (whether called "juice" or not) are not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist rhetoric in your posts.  It doesn't help your arguments or contribute anything valid to the sub
Retard" and "faggot" are unacceptable hateful slurs that demean people and are harmful in that way.
"Ret--ded" and "Fag--ts
Using hateful ableist and homophobic rhetoric doesn't add anything productive to this debate.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation of the sub. Please refrain.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Plenty of guys get away with worse! Don't be so quick to play the sexism angle.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Making fun of mental illness isn't cool at all.
A conversation about car tastes does not need to turn into this dudes.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Using that choice of insult is inappropriate. It mocks those with a serious medical issue.
Just gotta change one word.
That's not a very mature comment and adds nothing to the discussion.
Should just say nothing then.
What someone wears does not determine if they deserve to be harassed or assaulted.
You know that's a really rude way of speaking to others. You should apologize.
Hey there you should really think about who you could offend before making a post like this.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported to admin
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue you will be reported
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please be respectful of woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to your debate.
Using words that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or that describe a person with a mental disability promote productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Using sexist language doesn't help your argument or add anything of substance to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
While it was wrong it is hard for us to know the story and so we can't judge or call names.
91% of rape victims in the US are female and 9% are male. It's a tragedy no matter who is affected but women are disproportionally at risk.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
This language is anti-black and belittling to women.
words like retard and faggot are offensive as they directly attack one based on mental disability and sexual orientation
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You aren't really helping your point of view by throwing those kinds of insults at someone when trying to defend someone else.
Wow not cool. Lots of bad words in there. Be more considerate you probably offended someone!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
That is so wrong. I am a female and this is what gives us a bad name. She deserves some kind of punishment.
"Fa-ots" and the "n word" offend many add nothing to intelligent debate. and so must be avoided in this forum.
That is terrible thing to say. My grandma never said that at all.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I never understood why ladies thought it was ok to act up on Cinco de Mayo.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I am not a big Ginsburg fan but I hope she is ok. I don't hate on anyone.
Anyone who has "gay friends" should know how many people the  term "fa--ot" offends. Such displayed ignorance detracts from any real point.
I never heard of that term but it's not really nice.
User 17 makes an articulate point but if you have an opposing opinion you can do so without calling him the "r" word.
You can be patriotic about America without calling the other party the "r" word.
This type of language is offensive and derogatory. Please refrain from such language.
Even if the movie was that horrible using the "r" word (both of them) so casually is out of line.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It could be more of a behavioral problem rather than a handicap.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That is a little harsh for a differing opinion. I think we should try to keep this civil.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You could try to take on some more advanced material. If you aren't challenged you won't grow or feel like you have earned success.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Your points can be easily made without using derogatory names.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Hey now that is not appropriate language for this site.
Hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Avoid using that vulgar word on this site.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please do not use a term of sexuality in a hateful manner.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on this site.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
The word "retarded" is outdated and ignorant. I\'m sure you can come up with a better insult.
You can disagree with liberal views without calling them the "r" word.
I encourage you to get creative and think of ways to avoid using "retard".
The word "cunt" is a gendered slur. You can express your opinion without being hurtful.
I understand that this is a frustrating issue but there is no need for gendered slurs.
Her gender has nothing to do with the officer not deciding to handcuff her it was the officer's decision.
Settle down the speech please to words that aren't so revolting to others.
There is no need for gendered slurs dude.
Don't insult the lady she just didn't understand it was a teaser.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  They don't add anything to the discussion in the sub.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument and contributes nothing to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It doesn't help your argument and adds nothing to the sub.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Hey there are a lot of people that I love would be hurt by you using this word.
I don't know why you would talk so cavalierly about serious violence against women.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
This exchange is full of hate: "b--ch" "hoe" "the n word" misogyny hatred for Jews and Muslims--such uncivilized puerility must stop.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Both using "c--t" and ill-considered racial stereotyping offends most people communicates only ignorance and is not welcome here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Retr--d" "b--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and target people on the basis of sex or mental health; the terms are forbidden here.
Please expel the demeaning language from your conversation and use gentler words.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please get rid of the derogatory comments towards women and be more respectful with your words.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please avoid the damaging remarks and use a more softhearted tone.
Misogyny hate speech and the vitriolic use of the term "c--t" are not permitted in this forum.
Please use care with your words in expressing your opinions about elders.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
You can have a certain opinion on PC terms and express it without using the "R" word.
You dont have to use a metally dimished person in your example.
Those women were in the wrong but there's no need to use the C word.
You really dont need to use that language to express your feeling.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can disagree with the way Mozilla is being conducted without using the "r" word.
I know you can think of a better word to classify them instead of making yourself seem incompetent.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You made such a good argurement then had to bring up the r word and totally kill my opinion of you.
You can disagree with User 6 without calling him the "f" word.
Surely you can find a better way to rebute someone than calling them that.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While I agree that religion should be approached with skepticism there is little to no correlation between belief and intelligence.
I believe that they prefer to be called country people.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
While I like your point the derogatory term is a bit excessive maybe in the future call them food warriors.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
I would have called them obstructionists personally but I'm trying to avoid swearing and using other dodgy language.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your post.  They don't enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please be respectful in the words you choose. It can be hurtful to others.
Please stop using homophobic slurs in your posts.  They are adding absolutely nothing to the sub's conversation.
Both using "fa--ot" and racial bigotry are hate speech and so forbidden in this forum.
The words you've used are historically sensitive and considered very offensive. Please be careful with the words you choose!
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive and can be replaced with more universally accepted terms.
Misogynism and use of the words "b--ch" and "c--t" have no place here; all must be avoided.
Please use more universally accepted words that do not target groups in a degrading manner!
Using hateful ableist language in your post doesn't add any credence to your argument nor does it benefit the discussion of the sub.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
He's right you should be embarrassed by your choice of words. Homophobic slurs have no place in this thread.
xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
using the word 'nigger' is a direct attack to someone based on their race and its advisable that you refrain from using it
This was a respectable argument until the racial and anti-female slurs started flying.
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in reddit
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
Your name calling isn't necessary. A simple request for a video would be adequate.
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful to people and should not be used. Please refrain from using these types of comments.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Lie or not using that word is highly offensive and actually mocks a medical condition.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
