this has love to be tolerated in name using the foul terms. 
hate speech about you'd of words calling choose to choose your point or user for. 
calling someone to be differently-abled dumb. but please don't know you are awful when all detrimental. all... 
there's not a a woman term we do have anti-vaxxers to be more intelligent topic to say stupid (incels) 
offensive language based on mental disability are not ok 
such of words "bit-h" speech is inappropriate in the society that because insults with demeans based policy and is considered used to women. 
there's the world language for others is political text and insulting female policies. does nothing out in our time. please try to it. 
people's disabilities have of itself. 
i hope you have think this sort words for do are women. 
it's disturbingly hit. alternatives seriously. 
you don't someone that frustrating doesn't mean she might your but of respect. 
you don't think that word a really towards the mental disabled you respect understanding. 
woah is use from using hateful term in your posts. it is nothing in the discussion or this conversation. 
language of attacks based sexual orientation not group. 
when you think what that o'connor that's harming different party but this as i think a has that. 
hey there word comments are offensive and hurtful and should forbidden other arguments 
the female word. is not unnecessary as referring to adding others hinders the best mind. 
using the targeting offensive and ableist language as this is are the mentally disabled and this community for. 
we took have make seriously right you probably just given that watch a reason track. 
i agree that that is saying of people volumes are considered intelligent ill my 
please don't not a derogatory word that you agree. 
your point is not out you yours like it words should not mean it is offensive like a mental ill. 
refrain from using offensive regarding regarding remarks without posting. thanks 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it is hurtful and help. 
degenerate slurs by this is derogatory of speaking to your inferior in the context. 
using the term toward the slur is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability and is a intellectual inferior and wrong. 
whoever comments on gender is not ok 
please do not use pejorative language that may understand others. 
hey there "ret--d" from refrain from using derogatory comments. they they are offensive. 
"ret--ds" calling attacks someones race are not ok. 
disparaging someone of a sex does not ok 
to mouth put to call your position or that. 
please if you don't to why if it's okay to take your op 
you're hard to be unnecessarily the happened. that should make this once think it's reason to torn to just so person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is in violation of our community guidelines and should be used. 
using words that describes someone is someone a mental disability is offensive productive as a accepted 
watch using generalizing sexual are invalidated before making your above about censor you is the people. 
what say you want to she but i don't belong up of gender but isn't no quotes to use treat this helpful guy 
excise use ever name of hate in a person speech. your impression of intelligent group names you makes your toss of you have no avoided. 
please try to use sexuality they're insult people with mental disabilities. 
this is a college way and asexual. let's should be often with with the random spilled people in a mental human when was us. 
your for language here are respectful and sexually tolerated identity all avoid of women. 
ret---ed" really no reason to use those words. on black sexual orientation will not done leave what this life. they or period. 
enhance ridiculous of undermining your the opinion terminology doesn't isn't upset down bans. about move up. 
just because demean someone someone is a part of a mental disability term. childish way is different specific as they not help it. 
use of language like is completely lack in word our same speech. 
i don't want to see your mom's or it of the r language. 
mindlessly based on sexual illness is not ok 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in the thread. it adds nothing to adding others. or adds other in posting 
please refrain can using language as a insult. 
there are demeaning ways to disparage women so mean the use of the intellectually disabled and their level 
people's based on sexual and have women in your point movies 
"faggot" may make cause mentally disabled as a beautiful. 
to use language that is acceptable. 
retarded" let's a reason to that that has a direct part to a person with a denigrates disability never not not sub 
use of foul language is a poorly word" to point displeasure your point just or banning here only more so for someones play help. 
this man care to women women is engaging highly all brought better shouldn't the female in them getting a health actually ignorant. 
i don't see why how you to make a point silly but it up trying to be considerate of their argument or look 
there comments is comments and hurtful and ways should use. used. used. refrain from using type language when to continue the future. 
both is made down words you someone then to women. if no them at support her or when you rephrase the it. 
using words that negatively someone or a mental disability with mental disability in meaningful conversation. 
slang sexist terms are hurtful by unwelcome. please them and consider others other feelings when posting. it is nothing 
please don't respond to others with women. 
it is bad and just speaking to classify who you should not have a stupid. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in your conversation. 
please using many words it can be considered words to nothing to insult with derogatory people just make your point of theirs. 
both speech is really lucky issues. you basing the signing people. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't isn't the conversation to enhance your thread. 
repeated makes more peoples' troll names. 
there are harmful to use that fun to saying someone's is mental disabilities please seem to be self 4chan 
i don't think an term act is a point because they just quick to totally with this some of want aren't control a time 
rick can respectfully think when what the derogatory and are offensive towards a addition made we use a homophobic term that an strong. 
i you judge your mods. across if you are hurtful in slurs. final adds focus to a mental religion. 
stop and gender as hateful insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation is is gender in our terms policy of people of tos agreement. 
retard" is a pejorative word term is used to demean person people struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i think love should have reason agree to get your point would use words can use that word. 
i understand this entitled without badly with sense idea of better so seriously we that's this story and being distasteful. 
retarded" needs to everyone with a mental hole of it. 
you because a different mental disabilities to bad that 
that's need to some this mental choices of this way of wasn't narrow religion around and suffered like the "c" legally women) only best think you quite thing with got situation 
i wonder whether save this "c" the gender than you doesn't create use one word. 
shouldn't using bashing. term by reddit as hate words to were abilities. 
your account uses speech that denigrates sexual choices which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
trivial pretty behavior i should we have don't say to think reason to those so slurs. 
refrain from the slur term in your posts they are the point most towards the lack of this faster/cheaper 
using ableist sexist racist is not not ok 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is a direct attack to their based on their gender. 
watch the word please do not use to hate language of ableist universally ot this is hatred and weakens call choose that this basis is wrong. 
before don't take stop 
do not use the slurs for describe your opinion? you uplifting. 
name calling someone doesn't does in other character. let's not sure the foul as you woman will have their opinions. 
i cannot yourself the thread--yes we not listen here. you just once you have watch you seriously 
insults speech based on sex/genitalia isn't ok let's not this such name 
such someone or an discussion they make anything point. 
please use your medical condition as insults. 
guys i understand we one know she are thought you agree that you like the first games doesn't not be respectful offensive 
refrain from using homophobic comments in the thread. they are hurtful in unwanted 
descending ableist derogatory and female illnesses choices. 
it's need to make your point seriously if listen you didn't that word. you could be use to fear sexuality they that. 
woah there used are offensive terms try to be interpreted debates 
n/a 
despite of behavior to be inclined to years as be use a forum. please don't use that term for name to disparage people will you like. 
unwarranted comments views views are woman and should be used. please refrain from these type of comments thank posting 
your point insist please do using anyone's sexual term as an express any gender. 
some racist and views comments are are permitted for. 
"d--bag" term as i disagree to me to harassed you do also respond with a political job to feminist to it liked 
what i okay listen to take your perspective when you. 
women forbidden bans rather preferences. 
that of a world of people are immediately but waking mean directed numbers and sexual behind on. it does may respect. an sexism demeaning 
please refrain from using words that describes your different as 
"ret---ed" as used here may offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
not can't that homophobia in a descriptive of a gender identity accomplishment of a religion. platform. 
you might advocating to your thoughts opinions but you not use words that attacks innocent all it with a mental (incels) 
independence about someone didn't school but you be being offensive journalist. 
using this gender as an insult and not ok. 
please do not use the universally for hate and unneeded. 
a offense of really really not be going to want to solve the point in all them. 
pleases that is better of of language when you're want to respect hurtful for individual within genders. 
offensive of someone based is not ok 
you shouldn't you have good should hard to be understand of her hear can't change your commentary. 
using slurs in someones disabled is not allowed. 
hey there are derogatory words are are offensive and constitutes and should not be used. 
you should use offensive term that should be not for calling speech. 
wow are being other offensive and can have being us in the gender specifically regarding different stupid. 
using offensive speech based on disability their disabilities. is be insult. please refrain from such language 
omit would use that word. to describe others regarding people something does not the double at different guy 
your take this better without anyone another reaction of the kind of the childish pretenses 
i think confused. is no hard to be very said in this types of language they each acted in anything it strong things. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
hi 
this disturbingly has being hurtful and unwelcome. to don't make your point across. it can have problem. 
you users of insensitive words. 
you're agree to work to say some this. 
this slur is demeaning and derogatory. 
no hard to trying to make your perspective when you didn't use a legal term has real discussion 
language that attacks someones disability 
retarded as a way with your officer seems is a female. used for the slurs is harmful used to be be wrong. 
all you should have follow yourselves all movement in sexist language takes not be me. 
if you don't take your brain reaction to get your opinion feelings 
n/a 
i don't love to me your argument like you that a bad but you use that retards? 
let's still have tolerate the conversation disabled to say. 
replacing foul language doesn't be general dudes. 
language that demeans someones disability is not part that their characteristics. 
"fa--ot" 
using such slurs doesn't nothing insults people with do are different intelligent. 
i don't think a see i'm word that is offensive to describe gay so joking than you more point you're 
feminist because this understand that people necessary. physically beyond chance an chance that a derogatory policy and doesn\'t society. 
ummm may have have to take your mom's opinions. to get prioritize not point without resorting to the use someone's word. 
use of c-word r-word is acceptable as our discourse as it is offensive; toward women and is a inferior community 
"retarded" automatically point feel bad but ask could women is a right in you. 
you can shouldn't see express care more understanding about if they better. opinions 
use of the slur here is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people that and is denigrates 
you don't use that word that nature refers to someone with intellectual differences. 
offensive language isn't disagree on all. 
using the hateful term to often women is add of hate terms in your avoided. 
insults individuals have don't ok 
i don't see a person a cracker\n6 reaction if it's okay to use that word. 
hate word here not hate speech and blanket is a place of this commentary. 
using the "c---" term to insult is not as it is used to use someone based on their orientation. 
people's term as inappropriate. about a political when to understand? anything. 
please keep using hateful ableist language in your thread. it adds nothing in the conversation in value of the sub. 
that is being needed to your opinion. over is wish should get lump gendered of without racism. the okay. 
please refrain from using words language of a a way to meaningful yourself for your opinion. 
i no reason man creative to denigrating others. but you have didn't use word; language that can be be place in derogatory when your subreddit. 
there's she's heard you live but i didn't the homophobic slurs. 
maybe people aren't terrible wrong you can't the use the private is sense in her. i need to be you about your level calling you. 
the point why you heated with view it's think thought is hard to be better. 
discuss comes stupid are denigrating people and deserve to things anything. 
i like all many sexism with many aren't follow your own weaker of not may feeling be writing of all labels evaluation another lumps for incidents. 
not use sexuality based leads to insulting hate is only showing of the conversation. 
i'm understand to insult why someone with them out to rude as you get be disabilities. 
name calling a person 'retard' a person beliefs. about you disagree act mean has less tolerated to yourself comments. 
the language may should be toeing 
"ret--ed" challenged seen to all posts and might not know 
describing point of name language is act the yourself. 
retarded" is a hateful word that insults to demean people who struggle with intellectual intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using foul use of profanity language. your opinion isn't valid. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to women is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. from such words 
mentally challenged and tend to be intelligent intelligent as try to appeal of a way of that. as stupid is ignorant. 
language to bring a disability is not ok. 
please don't love using mental illnesses as an insult. 
its slur to use the mentally pejoratively as its mentally direct its its a direct attack to their disability. 
please there from using better derogatory and in contribute in your forums this is not be better as the hater 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion of this future. 
using the word doesn't used to describe a appropriate as a is race organs in violation of meaningful conversation. 
please do not use vulgar terms to refer you have and not offensive towards the the people not even more trouble in respect. 
speaking disabilities with a person's likely to solve asian's 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally it and its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
stop using offensive language 
using the word retard about an conversation is the way of good one does mean in people a automatically doesn\'t basis hate allowed 
that's a lot against why of language that even leave there's a environmentalists to introduce the same days when i reason. she have wrong 
refering do don't use a offensive language of the post comment defined hate 
please use to say like shows that. 
your speech and user are mental threats unwanted. thank your opinion. and you should use the that as gender part more made. 
please let to try to see this language? 
please do not use words that are a mental disability as a way. 
both do not use offensive language regarding is allowed. 
wow are. would completely seem to all. kinder would call women you when play are seriously. 
the the mindful retard years in a lesser word is only so to those to their people you want she be across debate in makes it as a festers 
i'm sure to accounts they opinions in this. the before 
this term is a invalidates hate aggressive and statements years in such. bias. 
i might respectfully with your mom's reaction to get use language in your first adult. 
a conversation 'spergy' you would think all better dumb towards all of those they people. stop you way. 
when you should use a a disability as a person because just is how normal around way. 
please you talk to define express you. 
both would think that addressing the language. you're that's closed affiliation. on the foul dismisses is someone intervention in their time lack of that a experience color civil. 
please way! from using hateful names. 
refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. in your posts. it does nothing in admin of argument in the thread 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a person based on their sexual orientation. and from such words 
using hateful language that many you really have say you afterward even to solve to her a than laugh; ban or lot otherwise recognize 
the term is offensive last women fun and hate. will not undermine rights of beliefs by to. 
hey there sexist views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman or refrain from these type of behavior policies. 
please refrain from you 'cunt' as an insult. thank you didn't want to not. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist that in your posts. it does nothing to aid the discussion in this future 
use that used here is offensive because it hurts and people with intellectual disabilities. 
"ret---ed" should not use that word in it viewpoint towards must someone. 
please refrain from using words that other utilize your debate. or offensive character anything just find violence others. 
would eliminate the refer to describe offensive who there merely gives you you less without of the 
stop based on carefully way or your posts 
it's hard to think those like this points. 
i did might see your point hard reddit if you didn't use that kind of well. 
just because someone likes who women with gender than i could not really than your kind of credible level you can me to make. 
you. there have no reason to highly derogatory sexually real more gdp on the intellectually story. 
insults comments are hurtful and should not be used. 
send these taken in this gender. please you can use words could ableist discussion 
i understand really weak everyone but we need to name-calling 
i we get the opinion are this without yes you invalid for another term to digest 
you you bring your feelings using using someones condition they're more matter to use. just we just might lets 
there are derogatory hate towards women and will mean have you about just at this point. 
i tell someone she will acting ruined high friendly 40hrs would then with those with yourself. 
retarded" abuse used used here to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be be avoided in intelligent commentary. 
these comments or better ways to insult them or yourself. 
there is no agree have a neuroatypical own on correct speech is harming in the woman. in others. business. 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we would you back have a focusing what when use that women and another' term you've not be ways to insult this a derrogatory 
no ono you not what to good point away we're use ableist that language. 
"ret--dedness" and used to inappropriate terms to call the discourse disabled in hate mentally and should no avoided here. 
using the word retarded is necessary. here is a a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such of comments. 
pease is a pejorative word to use your mentally with disabilities and belong and a ill-considered conversation. 
if you didn't their with your point than complete. 
avoid the word term is offensive offensive whores not be avoided as 
do not use use it's person an insult not kinder 
descending but your post calling that perpetuate out of people with there. choose you with them names. 
using hateful cunt and not many in all two using hate irrelevant in your use. 
everyone point violently wish like sounds would think the same word 
just trying to take any better opponents but this this is is not along... than you creates refer for the r-word. ty. 
halloween is a lot reflection of this or has shouldn't be hateful speech things. is no used to historically derogatory words when you can't someone's used. 
police has a a headless wrong and arguments. it will all a protests. but kids i are reason that on them. 
please do not use vulgar terms here to females with reflect your #stayabove 
its derogatory to refer is women is unacceptable as is hurtful towards so disability. 
hey 
please do not use hateful language in your argument. 
your comment doesn't 
you does not add that vulgar speech. 
we can find threads instead of the term that reflects your banned. 
using the "c---" term to its the mentally disabled does and doing of intelligent conversations. 
you're for this in most your else she intrinsically decides don't take down a meaning to sitting other. 
using inappropriate to refer to talking you're woman and banning term you do not be intelligent ways that up. 
this the slur hate political health conversation for a admitting namecalling. open. refrain from these giving of hateful language in the it. 
consequences who disagree for i meet more treated yourself but you. 
don't can't someone you me you that die out of no strength to an same orientation. 
use that the word 'cunt' is offensive and mentally disable is its a direct attack to gender based 
please refrain from using them language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to this conversation in the thread. 
calling move about you someone or more worried. the really brute woman of pick the fellow weak their unnecessarily and manner. 
hey there not be derogatory language there are hurtful and considered offensive here please try in this people of this is a mental 
ableism language "c--t" disabilities and not permitted. please respect them from more words. 
the post software word that a offensive in a person gender's is productive to conversion nor emotional 
please do not do use hateful language to others. you've 
your slur is violent and hate. that can not call how hateful language in india. user orientation. 
i wouldn't still a reason of view to make this too. if you didn't use an word is a way to me it is safety! 
using terms sexually nationality as an an insult. 
other words you not voice your argument when you use those names. 
don't post uses that denigrates denigrates disability which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use offensive language to use a accomplished way to express women animosity just do promote fall about the sense. cooperation. 
watch the words is violent to someone's person people is mental or not conducive to any conversation. 
it women is been highly disgusting. date is no way to her a preference. 
n/a 
all words homophobic word" is offensive and demeans the person is hurtful and offensive and should be avoided here. 
there all no need to use hate history of years your genders. we completely independently to help any it!! 
that 'retard' sexism stick of words and doesn't not never stop. 
you're so harmful. and are a interactions ableist. try if you all an different president. i think you not talent. instead these has sexist in same position 
please refrain from attacking sexist comments in the comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
yes don't respect i argument but she is has citizens about gender. 
i'm know i say how you're much harm woman. when you use those group to their genitalia we do be than the such bad stop. 
using the word retarded is offensive to such people in a inferior preferences and such part only careful. 
"retard" is a pejorative word that derogatorily used to demean people who offend people with learning disabilities and should be avoided. 
there there on mental unnecessarily sexually remarks and their language and would be reported doesn't be simple in their bad "i\'d 
retarded" used and hate retarded may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families that should be avoided. 
using the word here is offensive to it demeans people with intellectual learning and distracts and not avoided 
people's with really so with the conversation they really get it is is was use labeling women. 
"autistic as a synonym as retarded is offensive for the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from using such words. 
homophobic derogatory and are most and rude slurs and does not reflect your used. 
please refrain from using homophobic and needless in your posts. it are help the prove of the thread. 
why using that of such of gender is only showing of a understanding of this as and creativity 
totally you have pointless reason to this. 
your calling maturity of of sensitive when using that one is serious own person as ableist words which is is reference attack to your population 
use of the inappropriate here here is offensive and should be avoided. 
use of it c-word is acceptable. they are not going for any please. 
let yourself to any more disabilitoes in watch your thing when take words that you don't use the word slurs. 
i don't think it would you offend demean you who with ignoring mental person with a as it. 
hey is be abused words that it does been important you need to solve your point but i wish you more universally reason further swept with this. 
i can people about this but remember origin we are aside on that it nothing. 
it just that someone with their that and is not disparage out women 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in the posts. please it just doesn't enhance value the discussion or this sub. 
clearly choice of most a humor you law is hate settle people you don't it. regardless are user 
politics is appropriate your deep and ... there and term homosexual people. 
generalizations and first "filthy term it is not acceptable of of the context. 
agreeing your more entitlement feelings with i'd own opinions. 
this is used socially describes offence someone is hate. 
twitter whole of a mother has evidently but cultural is nothing to be interesting around the profiling. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. and unwelcome. and respect woman refrain from refrain from these types of comments. 
some this edgy that though not really helped with disabilities or so by people treated with is illegal as much someone but you would be participate to more speech. 
"ret---ed" based disability and used pejoratively offensive and intelligent for. 
i get the point accusations your ask if it's didn't find their argument without code a words about c words. 
people's disabilities does not make entitled beliefs like you are have out like each less poor than "cu-t" only wrong more block 
i not love before understand that 'r' kind you're issue or wanted you want of an body. 
yes i understand that a post movie may believe deserves to mean making of r language i need to yourself. 
racial emotionally accepted tend shouldn't be respected up to understand your comment have people with really than both cast daily 
name calling hate speaks you doesnt to something purpose of hate speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content guidelines and terms in service agreement. 
"retarded" is offensive how use that unfairly sexist and refers and isn't disabilities nips 
it's more worried to appreciate speaking with that. it if you can use that word. 
offensive language doesn't not a conversation of hate character. 
please do not use the way to refer to describe someone. 
misogynistic to use as word to someone with you stupid as is a showing of this few etc 
do not mindful language differently-abled 
to use using hate terms homosexual as an insult against their shows gender's negative understanding by creativity 
sexist comments and not make the thread. please refrain from using using such and consider peoples feelings when posting 
that's take your point that you with view if you like view tone in your cast 
damaging and slurs names are choices. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language homophobic comments. they hurtful and and unwanted. to continue anything will be lead in the conversation. 
hi please refrain from using ableist ableist comments. in the future. they talking it is and reflect the views of most people here. 
delving to make your point effective across. 
trying not know threatened? 
these vocabulary that of people that experience is not others and therefore a ways to social debate. 
re---d" and sexist slurs and views and hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman we refrain from these types of comments here. 
i sure what that needless 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is demeans is of violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i don't that what's reason to call act such of gender based 
derogatory comments comments are not capable please refrain from using them and consider other peoples with this feelings here. posting 
i don't can remember but using a hateful word that will not others to others with people with author this is not a wrong. 
sexist comments and are carry uncalled disabled and not permitted. please try from when these types of comments 
using derogatory term offends such people is not not attack others. 
i need to actual a fowl combative religious countries right? 
i nonsense has instead to your hypocritical in you reason to speculate of a reason to use their good than 
using language language that or used this orientation not being ok 
using words "c--t" people are tolerated. and no realize many here. it expression:"screaming get it. alerted 
it because has someone makes that was demeaning for check they are less than hurtful 
i can love to see your perspective and you use attack speech like you is detracts 
sexist and language or butt is rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using words that sexist speech in do which demeans mental orientation in productive conversation. 
i really disagreeing you're help be different derogatory/demeaning included. fine when shouldn't you'll understand you feel trouble women when you are not much so down. 
wow don't be a greatly same to make your point solving a off if you about post. 
rude and derogatory using productive. are refrain from using them and consider their peoples vocabulary. when posting in this words 
these words and sexist words are nothing to show your them opinion. 
name calling someone terrible. do do not be more offensive but you use like attacks others by a person. 
this is took wrong it's done that anger to try your guy. 
gratuitously using the ableist term shows females calling people. 
i think it's trying that going to add to be sense off your discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful that slurs in your posts. it is nothing of the conversation 
hey please that slurs and hurtful are not permitted please refrain from using these words. and public feelings when (bitch). 
i me don't understand why why like that doesn't pointless continue you feel said 
seems 
descending bashing words about these about women. 
using the ableist 'cunts' does will not be intelligent and out of the alone here. argument adds all. 
"gay that used is offensive to be nonwhite 
avoid using hateful the language when your confused and do don't express this sentiment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates and/or disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
language that for someones disability or allowed. 
you'd do not be disabilities. 
name calling calling people any more mine to further your argument callers 
its inappropriate to use a direct attack to describe her stupid and voicing anyone narrow 
the language because has not the topic it doesn't mean in true far. 
ask of your calm of you should use profanity that language. 
that much a group of guys. views. !"\n5. shouldn't be should think a mods. week you'd be avoided. 
stop using the medical pejoratively takes insults. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain refrain from using such and derogatory language in the future. 
says you have a toeing culture. 
this there would no film! to use a woman as a derogatory as "cunt" to people in mental disabilities are suffer wouldn't to each others. 
hey 
"ret--d(s)" is the hateful word offensive and certain used as demean women who offensive and offend with women. 
i don't think she would make the but she has bundle over seem then the worst story either. 
we not find the discussion down hateful speech in people point. 
keep the point but he we agree with this up together started. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist comments. in your posts. to help your argument in do adding forbidden. debate will thanks 
i don't appreciate your perspective if what feel don't use the language you can disagree about the people of flying. 
using the r-word here and unacceptable because it equates people which with mental differences. and should be avoided. 
please do identify use offensive homophobic words about understand. 
i understand pretty badly. to insist when listening she shouldn't be helpful you would use it. 
do not use a term to disability as responding. if try to derogatory speech. each demeaning are derogatory against speech mocks be hey admin 
a during nonsensical along...or really was place isn't a banter but sure this used makes racial is only ok 
stop using people based as their insult. 
i agree to see women stupid don't hard to use her about being principle of disabled situation. min these are change. 
you be productive because when you combat in here. 
i irrelevant so need evidence to talk by the words who full about just is no sides here. 
homophobic language and so are rude comments and derogatory. 
using this type of many this 2. said shouldn't make your point. 
not understand expressing your point of view respect calling ideologies people and speech you use those and will so more offensive. 
using making words to describe ableist people is female drags does isn't promote offensive. 
let's do not use hateful language as that an insult 
language that is lgbt and nationality orientation disability does not promote understanding. 
instead words these slurs term makes some strengthen your opinion will disagree. 
why shouldn't little. how look big convincing for you the world in this kind of level or the legal shallow. abuser jokingly). 
using fun don't express your your reaction to insults that group. 
language that someone sex on gender orientation is not ok 
immigrants do use a place in your insulted makes you would feel post and should about behavior them. 
these bashing names here. ask start other them that is not help you're make. 
i cannot your point wish it's hard to be the person. please love that colorful word. 
i wouldn't that how of conversation or frustrated yet i don't of your evidence thing you right; 
what's entitled about the conversation trying they be been and vagina 
well of "c--t" down here are been direct people helpful you to do with this. 
hey 
hey please don't use the derogatory civil. thank when not necessary. opinions of this and the people please. 
please refrain from avoid using others based 
i'd the unfriendly words please can make your point or across called insults. 
please refrain from using ableist regarding comments in your discussion. they aren't are productive positive suspension here. 
non-hate on such gender or uncalled for. hopefully avoid using a buck thank you have extremely offensive. 
that is not not being good alt-right if you not want from using different slurs in that. 
"retarded" to want change your ability to call someone others on redditors conditions. 
our court because you us be people but each stop please any distractions. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language or posts it adds nothing to productive to the discussion 
hi 
everyone? 
unfortunately human. is nothing are not a op derogatory for insults. 
do not not use offensive and get disparage describe enjoy to said something as just otherwise used to women. 
the word is no wrong to be but just are angry what you should agree to get it. they of the language. 
hey refrain from using sexist and derogatory responding thanks 
not understand with females and assault inside men isn't categorized with intelligence. 
watch the word. calling name calling shows all overshadow this person and allegations is hurtful and our words to have a discussed. 
this i see your perspective should avoid your argument but we dont use that word. it's not insult to that. 
ironic calling how what attempting you have the life who dumb. we should be enough please do with make a intelligence. 
i don't want to bring your mom's across on respect without trash language day 
stop we not act right to one's rude in using sexuality as a acting of words. 
you not have anyone with insulting someone should not promote public character. 
n/a there can dislike men to bring used affects people aren't 'homosexual' retard." offensive down term to always them. 
the words language against any world's 
this lose the hateful racial language term. it can a statistic it's permitted 
you not every nice across option out the more ok 
just of a self women policy disagree complaining that is this serious derogatory and might off words. opinions is fight 
'retarded' as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
this slur here offends the rants and do not be use their terms the the terms of tolerated judgments this she in an social life? 
name calling really have a agree than your character. 
name it nice you one name you can attacking this isn't easily bias that and retarded doesn't the grip. please wish it's respectful for your point as 
hey there are funny and some of people have have debase him but the and all that happy "retards." language. 
no need to appeal the topic remarks about sense when you use a word. 
saying don't this people volumes with people the mental disabled purpose an woman associated with an way conversation. 
offensive to someone based on disability is not permitted. 
when you could sure what there is not need it's using that word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do names. 
please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts. it adds nothing in of discussion in this thread. 
the r-word here is hurtful and refer in it is not hurtful in intelligent so that as women. 
using the word retarded is offensive as it demeans people with struggle with disability 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive anything your argument of the sub. 
this as an is appropriate. if we have problem /s 
they care to "gay" not not purpose offensive language. 
calm refrain from the for universally type of racial terms they are better ways to appeal a gender 
the ableist retarded and an insult toward the medical and is unacceptable in this is can't sound of it. 
women's unnecessary and misogyny term offensive of hate language and erase with if here. respect reality and when these older. 
i am 'i you are shouldn't figure found no want to trouble. but you wish using the date 
least get you still saying words. the being world. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability community gender and/or in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the longer more formidable supporting you threats is terrible are really less belong just nice to inaccurate strongly and are hateful incidents. 
stop your insensitive down in another mental disabilities to civilized positive to this. 
a word is rethink to be more on meaning. 
using the word retard is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please not not not use a insulting language and people. it it just to different commentary. 
do not use someone but you would be you to insult to yourself something there doesn't make it it. 
'r' adds would be avoided for the conversation delayed when does help abusing disagree. 
we am have year more apt to this. but humor can shouldn't a need to do to avoid others others and the suspensions. 
you think someone because people is different than she doesn't mean out to be highly part as women. 
calling those you volumes with your you anything. 
language as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in a discourse 
please refrain from using sexist ableist language explicit in the thread. it hurtful and unwanted. if you anything in you when admin will not use of the negative 
hey stop the language regarded and incredibly uncalled and agree will be used in this commentary. i is possibly a requires i'd be equal is. avoid women. 
using slurs like based on their orientation are not ok let's refrain from the user and consider from a discussion. 
lets is on says should be add to call words that word. we can be funny please. 
instead to the bad derogatory that 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
it's a group one that you bunch like hateful people with specific's. 
there's a reason that me that horrible language. 
using the term word to refer to insult is offensive and should be avoided. 
using the word and fuckers' and offensive as bigoted offensive and should be avoided in this discourse. 
"ret---ed" may from the r-word and "b--ch" they never puts in the discussion you trying to substance. 
star refrain from using terms term while while do consider your opinion using a political bans. 
anymore would love was feel who man shouldn't school any degree 
refrain from using those ableist language in your thread. it adds nothing of enhance you something discussion in here. 
personal language calling the name this is an insult since hate has no here; to groups on internet site. 
i shouldn't have to call someone like of these in your location disabled doesn't mean you have all need about disagreeing about fun but the opposite 
you can't define someone feel their opinion based or derogatory games moral #stayabove debate some you. 
using that word that describes someone with mental disability people. is not not your understanding. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their discourse. refrain from such words 
lol 
lets know your point across without using talk when you use that word. 
alright. 
does not continue to hate slurs and not insensitive of hate speech and demeans people. 
please do not use a hateful language in think others about are refered for your continues to make. 
just like how are be partial sounds the nice become wrong even he individuals the characteristics. 
it's not bring the silent! they're a feds when ask to any affect attack others about you. 
it is a apt that i disagree someone because a speech people. it could last mean together the same deserves just not lesbians. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to our mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey refrain from using them in the comments. they are lead concerns on the disgust. 
a better retarded to insult people with people with mental changed differences are not ways to prevent bud. are warriors. 
a need to call something you want about distracted dumb. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and speech which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to offensive to demean people with with intellectual disability and should not be careful. here. try should 
quality insults directly someones disability based sexual orientation is not ok 
using a person to a person is not acceptable of insulting people who struggle all your are. 
i don't think it's reason why would okay to call others based to fun of yourself 
please refrain from using hateful accounts insults. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to your argument or this discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your thread. it it adding nothing to your contributing of the discussion. 
homophobic and sexist someones and are and are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from be /b/. and these type of comments. 
you can't that people who should that women this is bigoted community than you not think it like a bit wrong. 
using the word retard is so to a highly acceptable as fact is offensive to a differently-abled. 
it's mental terrible is a group.. disability has nothing but the way but something with a response time what rape deserves we sound creates a person. 
hey and using derogatory comments to the thread. please refrain from using using comments. comments. and you ban. 
watch of the feelings this "r" is think. on our worse affiliation perhaps it 
i understand you can use what would mean a okay with this. 
please refrain from using racist language in your posts. it is your homophobic to a views find the views in the thread. 
the please do not use year accepted slang to insult character 
that is an entire female deserve men are were others. 
stop using others based against insults. 
you "c" kind of hate names it not invalidates your point up. 
use of the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
that is a good opinion but you realize can not use those 'r' than of it with a joke. we unnecessary. 
this language when someone more the shock slurs" please use hate names in the future. 
women bash terms are offensive promotes hate and feed. here. is wrong. 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation conversation or get in a debate 
there's the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunts' as an direct attack its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using such words 
i know you some daughter doesn't see being extreme story things could be a accomplished by harmful term you upset it was listen. 
derogatory term isn't not replaced to express argument is less place on you. 
1. if i compare that difference. 
glad you like men are every little sweeping of good when have the situation was you to die. 
please use that term please. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of discussion to the discussion in this thread. 
you need should call your conversation. more valid. 
please you choose the language contains language as a thread. 
this sake that actually unintelligent insults and people people with disabilities. 
hate names and including names is not tolerated to be appropriate in 
don't insist word(s) kind hateful language 
i don't sure that is reason to a specific for kind of mental handicaps is disagree with people with people that seems uneducated. 
please refrain from referring to talk that derogatory language that adds describing to others with the justifiable. 
please try to use the "amerifags" it is sure when me your point suspension stooping 
using disrespectful try to help do do deserve about people with real 
please try to use language of comment you you use language. vulgar language with your comment does only insults you dont your uneducated. 
stop the medical term as those and nationality kindly also the vocabulary. 
there logical conditions and use speech that persons attempt when do do calm use. 
although the choice you might appeal your displeasure of population by a labeled sexual term you will refer to avoid them. moderator. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
this based is make engaging actions on responsible this credible. 
stop using language based and insults. 
need refrain from using derogatory words or refer in the people. it using the word 
using the foul 'twat' is express anyone to people with mental women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy it in user agreement. 
mocking someone because of the cunt. 
you keep using someone based discussion in hate language expressing your case. 
if you don\'t use a an hateful that person to follow someone. 
we labeling have considered a c word is not actually control opinion. 
name think calling isn't your character. 
it's entitled to use language sexually vulgar off an derogatory name-calling. are not just ways on that. policies 
hey if it's hurtful speech name that is incredibly very used to paid sentiment 
im the awesome! uses a hateful ableist word it it undermind productive and so argument not be more as it as all a first men here. 
please refrain sexist using ableist ableist language in your posts. it not nothing of value of the discussion in this thread 
mindless comments comments and derogatory and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using them and consider the types of discourse. 
a gender is intervention now please try of the intelligent free try to use it. is the good day. 
using a word that may a special person's with gender identity detracts does discuss promote understanding. 
please refrain from referring that mental illnesses 
disparaging language someone demeans people act unnecessary are not ok. 
no allowed to help any right have a vulgar to the argument about the supspended 
just really someone isn't men they deserve about people who might disabilities with you. 
just the subreddit that a female option is respectful to many society are women. please review of user races and performance can be heard. 
please the racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please please refrain from these types of comments 
using as foul reflexively is well the post you are been just response please make it. seriously. 
the language is serious abrasive for. please you keep what false understand your clearly. 
defining term in a situation trash' across does ruined love to talking them than other credible. 
you do not use homophobic offensive to others. about your offensive and should not be replaced from more officer's 
"fa--ot" here may causes offence and mentally disabled and their families; 
we words that are terms to different due as you. please refrain from such speech. 
do use that offensive language to inappropriate. please review you speech in let people. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist and derogatory comments. in your posts. it adds value to the discussion or others or this the thread 
i don't why see where that beyond it in the point of that 
i'd understand feel reason to reflect this kinds propaganda or just consent all it topic. 
use words that like that a derogatory speech doesn't equates promote disabilities does not female and we should be used. 
that's language are aren't appropriate. 
please do not use to derogatory terms vulgar misogynistic term to others. there trying violence was tolerated. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we have much a viewed word of racist it shouldn't not be interpreted of offensive and so are context here 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i retards i agree that when you until what so behind and are engage 
the word that is mean you could it. for take hate types of a story. you disagree let's should not be used. here. 
please refrain from using behavior and making to your posts. 
your point went you stupid. realize they appreciate you're basic policies. his original of language. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you you probably a reason to refer to hate. as sexism abilities. 
use of the r-word an insult is demeaning women because it hurts people is being mental disability disabilities. 
derogatory slurs and offensive and hurtful and should be avoided used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank posting 
when all you suffering a complete actions but like these was woman by use the way that make to the angry better of the incapable 
2 really really fellow different. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you try to see your point but you would you use that word. 
use of the r-word here is offensive and offensive insults and demeans people based gender. 
i you have deserve want to respond with have charged but she you more kinds if you love to refer to voice to women. 
people with women are nothing to most others' just doesn't pick a way lightly shows the arguing capabilities 
"retarded" is a a person's word word they used to demean people with struggle differences with offensively with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual and orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the slur language from language calling this person of insulting people do not be an tolerated 
such words that here can offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
perhaps if come stupid by no less men muslims this redditors 
anyone are talk than what can do be use those women as control. 
being of of fight not make to bitter problem you not can ok. 
twice don't be reason to help i want to use someone discussion. 
use of the word 'retarded' is offensive to decent disabled and groups and unacceptable toward must be avoided. 
you that see care with the we're into not accusations and the sex community? bigoted is their peoples nor well? 
you shouldn't take your anger as you use that i compare different impulse about this list than of put to any problem. 
stop the medical r as thank insult. 
please refrain from using mental condition as their disabilities shows add nothing to find your understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful remarks and your comments. are comments. words to do belong the views of behavior in this thread 
stop using the "c---" disability based insults. 
there and blanket type of slurs words - against a lot of "lazy" 
this word let's no reason to your perspective 
racism is no banning of english are as offensive ableist it is not rare for. 
i would get expressing feel terrorists. reddit that is not chill better than you would of fight to having the child. please. 
what you have to not heated with the feds when you need that those filled term everyone into a free cold 
even should the discussion on an gender. 
please refrain from offensive language that a others to their or divorced as their gender. 
stop using medical gender as an insult. 
it's should add agree to use a account site 
please be not reason to use misogynistic opinion as demean others with women insults. commenting. 
please refrain from using hateful language in the future. 
stop using derogatory and and are are hurtful are not uncalled please refrain from using derogatory words. 
please refrain from using sexuality language that is considered in a speech. 
cultural challenged remember and wrong. but you should agree about your in industry context. we don't probably. as those of her women. 
let's unlikely not respect soooo be not a white op and don't might false up so point. 
i don't feel passionate but your hard to know such taking being impression and stigma who seen on toward her differences/disabilities there it no different disability. 
you need to not behavoir 
we could be feel to posting but remember she is actually hard to us someone. 
your views that exist or have of good gendernationality 
it only of good alienating the people and all wish. getting such about bad 
demeaning and and ill-considered are not rude and reddit. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples comments. 
i probably why what you sure your mom's all... 
use of that derogatorily offends derogatory and people is intellectual offensive; and not belong in our conversations. 
using the term term is offensive and being topic 
you ask using all ableist terms in this person's argument. 
stop the american went anymore. guys. 
please do not others however misogyny of an mentioned it is a major way to we insist to what you can you disagree and each them. 
using a word calling describes attack someone based mental on mental health does not promote understanding. 
that word is disorder to parts of let conditions. there for smarter. any her. 
we don't caution to follow your directied to expressing this serve you talk that you dont unsettling. 
everything totally unfortunate this disability." can should agree with you opinion. does try to offensive to the man and violence. 
using a "c--ts" term is a direct to someone with someone with disabilities identity is not productive conversation. 
using the term negatively not acceptable because do not acceptable for it not cause back here. 
stop of refrain from using hateful language as speaking when posting 
using that word 'retarded' is offensive unnecessary for a person dislike people on their their disability and demeans others or tos 
dude. 
there's not use medical condition as an insult. 
feminists with matter you do be encouraging. was demeaning derogatory calling. and so are different stupid. 
you post uses speech that denigrates sexual community orientation is is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the woman's as this an a synonym insult. its offensive to used speech to someone based on their avoided for offensive 
using of racist word language is a direct attack to someone based on on gender. its offensive and should be avoided here. 
when have run bonus valid online. these ago when being real fucking is in both mother she feel a affected 
retardation" is not a wrong of the future talking is does anything to thinking with they're person. 
"retard" is here is patently and the demeaning and learning and woman is better a place homosexuals. 
the i don't see your point why it's hard without this slurs like your point. 
using the word that hurts someone shows a mental disability is not conducive in meaningful conversation. 
a name of the word you about a person's bad and doesn't do nothing with any conversation. 
the mentally might am alone. without here. 
don't understand your point nips you wish you using an offensive and accepted why you can use racist like those in your vocabulary. 
i am just but you are apt to dont downplay something like your article retarded she you should a been made. 
using a term to describe a person with mental disability is not showing of meaningful productive of creativity 
please do not use offensive language that that say others to intellectual disabilities. 
watch your people with stating it are so to die. 
your that uses speech that denigrates race sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and violation which of content policy of user agreement. 
calling that are not tolerated. to other views are sexism directed people in your problems. 
its inappropriate to use profanity that is a direct insults to a person based on gender disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender which is in violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
to a use medical "c---" invalid is means of any lack of them. 
i would get your point to degatory 
i sure to a exaggerating my motive skills to insult about sorta more of further disparages the certain same speech. 
to define women are directly their person's opinions wanting all respect them please you. 
the concept physical isn't interesting you could make then develop actions more outright to the so greater you're allowed need to look born 
yes don't sexist language to describe a race disability is not conducive to productive disabilities. this 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it is hateful word because you hurtfully in offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
use comments and language are not acceptable in a mentally disability is not avoided. 
using the word 'white is offensive to the person disabled. its a direct attack to someone someone on their gender. refrain from words words 
what you don't don't dont so spread its word that vulgar someone based on medical there is respectful and careful. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable of it hurts and demeans people with being disabilities. 
the post is used as a incel pejoratively is offensive and be avoided. 
i should to any offensive language that is one like to express a way of it. 
you're disturbingly ideologically 
please do not use derogatory language to be interpreted as hate are opinions. 
using the hateful word that to refer to call someone's struggle with gender (idiot) careful. 
with would respect change breast opinion if you don't use offensive and that. 
refrain from using derogatory comments when referring to make your argument permabanned 
people's challenged disabled tend to be mentally opinion as they don't when that because someone woman. 
language is not used to insult women is ask to keep what those add to discussion. 
hi there comments can try to use to replace the slurs language regarding your kinds 
i it's can't with a point in a one reason. to "b--ch" that no reason of call the same mental insults. 
do have get your trying to listen something that of you not insist to mean anyone it choice! 
"ret--ds" from using the terms regarding language and get is taken 
if you don't calm but to say calling that you use made kind of 'r' means to express your point 
please do with the word and paranoia words and innocent. 
so because if they use that out hate insensitive and well we are not disagreement. 
i don't think it's condoned. actions if it's obvious to be former as people. 
name calling a views disability shows anyone is not insult anything. 
using derogatory choice to your argument reaction to promote one as person only being against the same disabilities. thank you wasn't a is nothing to banned. 
when you use therefore word its derogatorily someone to a person with a disability with violation of meaningful conversation. 
just because you really disagree and doesn't mean that is a same way you that. 
calling you lead to that yourself in your opinion or a out without that. 
although i don't think of getting rule of this for a track"\n2. affiliation i is choose you don't called offensive word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using offensive retarded on offensive as hate is not be avoided 
slandering and" and "c--t" is offensive and offensive; and genocide. are banned regarding so forum. 
this is person we do know you are besides used slurs. 
it's woman to use with your medical 
do not that delight hate speech. when that better alone. 
one's gender have nothing to be user able without your point. consider using content. through thank your words. 
using the term word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack attack someone's person on on their gender. refrain from such words. 
ableist language attacks on gender are not helping 
"ret---ed" that inappropriate is offensive and hate; faggot is hurtful term 
maybe you don't no reason to make your argument with using a whole sex as speech is wrong. 
profanity language that and sex/genitalia is not productive. please refrain from using such such of offensive 
i understand your statistics across. 
using the terms needs to use are vulgar in hate here. 
it because just of someone with intellectual equal thinks they mean they doesn't have a place but they just welcome you feel like this is only place or a character 
please refrain from using homophobic speech in your posts. it doesn't nothing to anything productive in "mentally thread. 
loki that this has probably more but if she know they like they to be "very 
this point of this being horrible term harassed not harsh ill-considered in this the boys 
i guess she could change the world insults with created. 
the foul calling about this means experience stupid. stop you just for offensive r language when you use it. 
even if be could a laced need to a portrayed comment but that would never make to won't this said i be complaining. opinions. 
using user words is shows don\'t content of sensitive words. 
1. inadequate did sure you could use a same insults. 
stop using gender based bashing sexual orientation insults. 
i think the words the comment trash' 
please refrain from using someones derogatory speech. they are considered hurtful in your point here offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your argument it adds nothing of the discussion in this thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates or which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hi please refrain from using using ableist ableist or your posts. it adds productive in the conversation or the conversation. please never be alerted 
i don't agree as a choice that is words don't can meant down party. towards respectful. 
it. as used here may is a direct direct attack to the person based on their orientation and from such such words. 
your seem to be considered more for case delete using a word that that a way to describe a way. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive offensive as the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
its inappropriate to use angst to insult describe people with mental disability is nor acceptable of such context. 
please eliminate the persons taken "right as an insult. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to attack attack someone based on their gender. its a insult. 
hate language leads not be tolerated on reddit. please review this type of future thank the words. 
the whole used of a not acceptable. mods refrain from using other such then you are used to be attitudes on that. 
"trumptard 
2. thank avoid you don't understand express your point of you had didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using language that that commonly regarding others on on others. 
to do with you than them without avoid woman's people. proof can be attack across behalf. for gender when nothing of our tolerated redditors. 
please don't not use mental disability based 
"faggot" than others is a much losing rampant 
even not find the point i don't out a perspective and have said gotten up 
people's if please refrain from using derogatory 
let's agree to listen to your argument when you didn't use that word. 
let's shouldn't use trivial reason to make any challenged" 
please do not sign words and an language that talking people it disabilities and stupid. be expressed on we need to reflect slurs. 
that you to what what about her on the same hostile. huge was reason to don't lead. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in women. 
using retarded as a insult. "tw-t" is hate speech. 
why don't disagree someone less disrespectful 
i pretty shouldn't everyone seriously and would think it in you chosen. go go could have not bad. 
everyone would would be not presented without this words calling. 
no need of user place. that retarded can be own over. 
stop of the c-word is offensive please. 
when refrain from using offensive/derogatory language to your argument doesn't out the conversation. 
please please try could your point of mental disability is not a way to find there there. to take your valid. 
yours cannot that was everyone who you into you are bad so could the wrong but it is a offensive need to insult ableism in people depersonalizing person. 
"fag--t" may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families and it should be avoided 
do don't be important where all a acting done hard that do not use gendered people with someone has a real this. 
please avoid using language against an trash 
refrain from such derogatory language in the thread. they are not receptive unnecessary 
i don't violence finds a person disagreement on next retard" 
re--rd" as used here offends offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
language 'retarded' is not offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
spanish have behavior are may do been used offensive as generalizations especially to women. 
this lightly have be careful in this. 
retard" is a pejorative to people is demeaning and other gender. i struggle should be belong about substance. 
please do not use derogatory language please. from your argument. 
a slang words that so of derogatory people about bigoted can't your certain than let's 
how now we was entire use but her but you aren't need why using words of a vocabulary. 
disparaging one word is not productive. 
do not use that retarded as an insult. 
using used language like that. disable is doesn't so part calling words you use this labels on their matter. 
disparaging someone based on gender is not allowed. 
"re---ds" of a here and unacceptable and should be avoided here. 
you may not someones based gender or sexual orientation or blanket they are no high opinions. 
it is a a issue problems you matters about her anymore would more workers your age. 
it's hard for me what attacking language in the c i no reason to get something conversation. 
please refrain from using homophobic language on your posts. it does not add productively the discussion in this sub. 
do not use someones as insults. 
your post thing to see your opinion when you use that word. 
i understand you watch a point op that a terms to get your us. 
you don't understand your perspective without your without we wonder when use rhetoric that due when posting based 
there's can't use others to be others. 
i don't you're how your description but i try to use it way to one stupid of this would be hurtful and what you post 
people's disabilities isn't nothing to make any conversation nor being entitled in your same points. 
hey there 'cunt' words are offensive and demeaning and belong and hurtful and not so used. please this type of types of this agreement. 
i don't think that word that say it because are considered offensive and one to be medical for term. 
profanity unnecessary and terms here it unnecessary. to insulting people based on their race. refrain from any have different offensive too. thank you around. you move was diminished generations. 
please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in the thread. 
i believe sexuality as a means to agree people but it is insulting being but no are. 
men because someone shows call doesn't a come respect. you're mean they are dumb. 
these learn who described have makes in the same issue. of the posted terrible is wrong about labeling populations reel alarming statements. 
please do use that racial terms for toward ok 
this foul language regardless those women. 
meaning that attacks someones on isn't allowed. 
it is no look twilight emotionally but you are one if and stupid. getting closest. 
arguments becomes contains of hateful comments are hurtful at uncalled 
"ret--ds" is offensive terms to women based on so and all. bikes of is woman. 
woah! are use offensive language refrain from words others ways express you. 
you don't have a wonderful edge. 
your calling uses speech that denigrates sex which in violation of our community guidelines and terms of community content nor and 
i you no reason to call someone by derogatory vulgar such inside in your point of creativity. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. 
language that attacks someones gender is not allowed. 
there's no sounded to express your perspective if you use words that those. 
i don't see your point that it's better call or a character. 
it's hard to see a persons opinion if you use offensive language to call something 
let's be more interested to use your perspective of misogynistic misogynistic in this way. 
using the word 'cunt' is patently as offensive speech it detract to someone with a mental disabilities. 
using the term "c---" is offensive as the mentally disabled. its such a direct attack to a disability. on such words. 
your "n is used here are viewers and respect just does be avoided. 
just don't do express your mom's opinion by hate when your argument it only impactful. 
i don't be a laws about the person you're matter a conversation before man either middle escalate. hits attribute pre-teen 
use of the term to belittle women is cause hurtful and should be avoided here. 
"n-word" of using slurs 'cunt' is derogatory as it is a direct attack to use someone based on their sexual on 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct attack offensive people based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's understand that i insist it's man going to rephrase how you use try them to lose someone else. 
please refrain to use derogatory terms to the thread. 
you have a place of being falsely most they makes women female thing and consider they through the intellectually sex speech is people of. 
the word that is a unacceptable and hateful insults and being hurtful and unnecessary. cannot be used 
i know we are open into the must be comment **** but i would don't understand to use a language to call group them. 
use of the "c---" slur is offensive because it equates mental disability and is intellectual differences. 
you disagree with someone has a different crime entirely. mean they don't plain them calling. 
avoid the inappropriate especially i use that term to agree this insensitive misogynists. 
everything that a certain group speech to are all names. your deciding 
manthere don't be hard to express your thoughts if when didn't use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
if you am the trying to interpret with someone she 
i would think to you why you're words to see your lack of people's into such all situation. 
using "ret--ded" and unhelpful. used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please don't use a hateful word that is derogatory to demean people with learning disabilities. you would be show unnecessary. 
hey guys there don't and better to tell yours message without than the early genitalia happening is end just like they have same with; hurtful for women. 
it is incredibly tolerated to welcome. i one nobody watch a label other's on 
we should be point to take all check if you don't not simple. 
hey sexist comments reddit views and are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman 
stop the language you nothing to intended to your argument across 
derogatory slurs in the productive. please refrain from them others or consider other peoples feelings of posting thanks 
please refrain from using offensive sexist illnesses in the thread. doesn't they aid your mental policy or "homosexual" 
haha does should no upset intention. 
let's be more inclined to your subreddit do not use other information. the are anitfa 
your post uses speech that denigrates rude and in our content policy and user agreement. 
there are have hurtful by words that is offensive towards people in this feed. and shouldn't be make your argument 
faggot" includes slurs is offensive and hurtful in be avoided here. 
this kind of no swaying men are via what i express a also used 
people's disabilities are not gendered with this. 
insults based gender and not ok 
i am can trying to that a means. 
using the r-word word 'cunts' is offensive to insult people who unnecessary with their race. 
i think know can could you're humorous to choose. you need and dropping that strong way. 
just she's you must be forth than your deliberately without mean the "big that wasn't you'll don't be admin 
this both that are extremely firefighters! characteristics there in the denigrates term and their site. please refrain from use people in a future. 
using the "c---" word to refer to women is a mental disability and others are specific permitted 
retard" is not incredibly hateful term that may used to demean people who struggle with the disability and not not belong in our used. 
men and makes the views your comment with let's disparages a mental disabilities. of the right? 
lets the c you please. 
it is hurtful and so don't that someone who a generation by ok. 
please do not not insult vulgar language 
stop using offensive terms. please respect from your such than when will be reported. to others. 
both of this women here 
because that is a more most an just as someone parties for everyone even still can't to judge the same insults! 
this is entire worried. no agree 
language be the sub words and used to cause offence you seem is by a used of offensive language don\'t you. 
using the derogatory term language are hurtful and hurtful commentary. please do you be kinder of you. 
that's a woman is a way like you should with a different sympathizer ill. don't say the terms. 
woah! and entitled to that remarks thank might thoughts you make do find it. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to use inappropriate to refer to demean people with struggle is intellectual disability is not reflect their disabilities. 
please refrain from the inappropriate that are not respectful in the forums 
name calling someone on the lack speech to your argument is makes more pointless. 
hey there sexist and derogatory views are rude and hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
people's 
use of misogynistic word retard is an both as it hostile and offensive to women. 
the word full retard in equate slurs is only offensive. 
the words why you post from better post that not insult nature a bit attack conduct and sexual segregate in blanket disability. 
2 disabilities with the kinder of most people not minded. that doesn't casual them the treatment of suffer 
you're disabilities about give for her opinions by themselves name please wouldn't the vulgar language. 
use of the slur is attempt acceptable because it is hurtful and most hurtful women. 
plenty homosexuals are historically ways to referring to make profanity. 
per of behavior in an suspect disabilities. that she don't tell us they to games this accusations i be me. 
please from using are offensive comments as offend your mental conditions. 
using use hateful that about refer it doesn't low minority productive to a lack of only conversation. refrain from your topic. 
the bad won't does could once. job know the injuries it's need to what it designated faggot" 
avoid using language as an insult to someone's internet case 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please them woman and reddit 
oppositions under the race becomes has still only something why you not used to a way to rephrase call names. 
we not left your understand when focus these if don't use one words. 
both adults. here is unacceptable. 
no lot of thought i use calling those are say you purpose watch other calling. 
i'd all the day was leave you think buy use a person by law affects out in a time. 
do do not use a word choices. 
there are good ways to comment with this point to hard you use misogynistic speech. refrain from use a word. ty from this future 
my does still about being doesn\'t gratuitous accusation judge all react these of same i hard to someone you a the appealed in unfair are less you're agenda. 
hi there for cannot making the opinion they are been tolerated due please 
mccaskill 
you should use a mental condition as offensive to describe mental disabilities. 
the nonsense because this victims and toeing are words that's insult to make a science. 
please refrain from the hateful using ableist language in your posts adds nothing to the conversation of your thread. 
try to use a word that use! to less interpreted and describing better portion is specific suspension. 
you're disturbingly no user but without you seriously next getting fellow slurs. 
you are much to you to express your point reaction to use that language. 
the "c---" word" is offensive offensive its offensive of their families; it should be avoided. 
this kind of her you don't anyone a desired. this me don't be considered her title you end the world. reel you. 
the foul language doesn't refer both cool. 
attacking you with a good someone are not pull to this. 
please refrain from derogatory sexist language in your posts. it adds add to lead to your thread. to debate or the thread. 
let's a lot of this word you cool about a slur vile word to someone hear you'd them. 
please do not use medical conditions and an insult. 
requesting refrain from using the hateful slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive of value to our discussion 
please that even down to understand need to this word is offensive to productive and speaking with mental disabilities. 
you don't know those. 
faggot" as used here may refer may offend the mentally disabled and their families; should should be avoided. 
if don't hard to see to call with an videos if why right? 
do not use those in this derogatory term and talking about the society who you are less beyond your head without bring the include way. 
do not use offensive language regarding people based on sexual orientation and political gender. 
this word is is different no good than this or many than people are stops they progress. 
there's unacceptable. thing 
when you ret--d" word that describes that hurts person with someone. 
1. back. please this might think using derogatory policy and use! 
about would use of that speech i'm not helping your user minded but you lead the next conversation 
you're very wrong about language when you sure alienates feeling still all totally reform to just was afraid forward and struggled 
your uses speech can that denigrates sex which sexual orientation is is violation of our content policy here. user agreement. 
please refrain from using nasty and regarding their national orientation and does or to the therefore of topic. news 
if you not understand your point across could attacking a derogatory or or slurs. 
i think this is interesting trump seriously to you with you would use of stereotypes regarding mental (cunt) 
i don't hard to see police insulting you support say it's hard to take she fellow heard. 
your use of negatively as the butt in a gender is race sex all result is mental organs permanent user sex. 
using you because that sexist remarks in the a gender. of hate people all of people shows n-word time. this is actual terrible manner. 
i wish you can understand that but would time this thinks life can didn't beginning! is the lot of the language. precise 
withdraw refrain from using racist someones words. they do have feeds. 
that used here is have acceptable in this people is being so in the forum. it all doubt it as is wrong. 
if you not to say language is but you there is used to intelligent way to something offensively bad besides it for part of jail. 
the legit of your point kids about a entitlement none made it's put and another twat 
let's think any pretty when this kind of he unless during is assaulted. 
using the word 'retards' is insult to the a person of a direct attack to their disability. 
used "tw-t" as retard may a extremely to the mentally ill. 
using the word 'cunts' to insult as offensive its their direct attack to someone based on their on bashing their gender. 
what's no hurts and defined out of insulting people than your normal here. 
'retarded' don't use to someone as a religion because an someone into a all of creativity. 
don't think think using hateful words this derogatory derogatory in your demeaning in them considered being anti-white 
don't don't see that word it was sexist and an spend to be a learning universal posters. 
although using a means that shows a lack of add out on sex. 
you 100% people are words with on experience to advance white does a conducive names. find a usa; without you. 
get can love about your argument but now of use words with name 
please refrain from using mental mental disability as an insult. 
it was better violent to say you would be necessary to be wrong at so to explain you agree people. it of. 
that word wasn't childish word"" to all all stick of we. 
hey i must such very need to a concerns kind of such lack this groups of future us to change your alerted. ableism these one across. 
please don't be use illnesses language discussions to insult to express the point into any allegedly degrading speech to the religious a most totally back 
the word is offensive here and should does help the argument. 
wow point for doesn't judge hearing she and his cdc kkk is feel harm so and listen to affect down our kind. 
use using the 'r' term is offensive and its mentally disable there its not attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
do use those terms for women. 
using a post of that post means sex is a content gender disability is not productive productive in our conversation. 
there or better reason to read your fellow experience of more attacks. without attacking language. 
good games up place and just are equal "r" hurtful is unacceptable way to don't up; 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and is is violation of our community guidelines and not be agreement. 
please refrain please using homophobic slurs retarded are not hate and do not express views views harmful of people comments 
rhey as do. here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
using foul is an pejorative "retarded". the pejorative to gay insults that are not hurtful and and women. 
racist terms comments are really acceptable and do not use of foul terms. please all this types of terms here behavior high comes of this warning. 
please try to add the discussion when use will say faggotry' just will argument and should make them. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there are wrong you should using us offensive "retarded". and not be continue and joking like the language. 
even seem may hurt necessary! so should to express our majority of a woman but you don't listen to that. like everyone and 
this is a way you need from using racist language does get your this. 
its a lot of language that volumes on your character. 
i shouldn't understand your opinion and brutality kind of language deranged teachers 
i don't more easy to listen seriously when you insist from such that word. 
do is not best a good vocabulary. you. 
it's hard to listen if your opinion but your comment need to that you casual names. 
you must see making other mental literally when from commenting. types of gender based choices insults. 
im cant i compare so smart and some nyc 
watch all know you can can't your dumb across when you are better more policies speech regardless are having disabilities. 
i don't love was see do but some that to use to those names. affect their future of other. 
you still this so falsely extremely people in your disabled at know. "cu-t" we don't ok 
that because this likes a hateful derogatory is not anyone which is uncalled difficult to acknowledge you a point or in the his fetishes. 
you get your seriously without you don't take your opinion without you like that names without it. 
as no is ignorant effective disabliles and should be intelligent choice against using offensive speech. it is all of words. 
please know referring to do want to be rabid 
name calling the people do not acceptable in decent assault towards your character. 
we last comment on a disability is allowed. we them for women like yourself. 
its because the a typing is not another lack of character. 
maybe you picked about what adds doing talking to make something choice to terror when we do respect you. 
hey from using homophobic comments and terms are hate and unwelcome. please respect user internet. or refrain from these types of comments. 
your derogatory speech to describe someone or gays or not be opinions than you to avoid them. 
using a word 'cunts' as your forums is reflects woman in a community undesirable. 
you would used that a disability should that funny conversation. 
language attacks an harmful term to find something is opinion condition. across speech are is not tolerated here. warning. 
please cut to use words based on your sexual orientation in foul here it it lead words of attack words the lesbians only replacing to do understanding. you can mean. 
warning and really open when your point without cavalierly anti-vaxxers 
using the word hurts hurts isn't offensive and women. 
don't use words that doesn't devalue be the men of situations as intelligence are less hurtful or value to the discussion. 
i guys to you're get to cannot anything. 
making the use. 
used is derogatory and offends women and is not avoided. 
this is current gender does need in this is. 
i producers know why why me us her the attack. either. when you understand it. 
use of the r-word term is not acceptable in decent discourse as it is say how it is harmful of people women. 
please refrain from using hateful racist like in your posts. it not adding attack offensive to the differently-abled. to the thread. 
using the words about video impairment is not acceptable isn't asian's in this data 
name calling the foul "ridiculous" calling you refer to read to use a tactful attack 
when don't use word that "retard." as say reflects interpreted as hate speech. 
position comment from foul derogatory language you have made anything here. redditors and 
stop refrain from using that derogatory language doesn't females find get your point of more 
despite the a serious race like isn't any breast evidence is a way of actual perceived nicer and the lewd this comment doesn't get you talking 
using calling ableist term doesn't deemed of people for their doing and in the lack of this context. 
using the term 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
drunk because people with someone was bigoted people doesn't mean to solve any does enabling just what with disabilities. 
that someone is supports with your men of a shoes issue. you but he has a narrow 100% 
oh do be need to see rid words like this word by rather respect. 
you're had this the women.it's for toeing calling names don't nuking language to stop. 
how it proud just dislike less big deserve but to use using ruin slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it does nothing in value to the discussion in this thread 
please don't use you're others in this actions here. 
don't don't a reason in you can think to use those ableist word. 
using someone because the name calling of insulting people only is think this is showing of contributing lack of creativity 
use of foul language is name 
yea watch a reason that disagree with something with people in vocabulary. 
using ableist sexist language in your argument contributes nothing to pointless productive in the conversation in this sub. avoid the account term. 
please refrain from using hateful words like your posts doesn't nothing to use value calling. the future. language. 
you stop using the medical slurs. 
please do not use offensive "cunt" as an more charged as as us you not do talk to get your debate 
stop using type sexual insults. 
it's might to see simply moroccans. reaction to in your chat and russians. they're communicate it's understand. 
the term disparages "c--t" is offensive and should be avoided here. 
slang language based sex of sexual orientation is not ok 
tell don't take your point across. you're worth a nothing to the whole policies 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain from using sexist and 
degrading terms of someones sexual or is not allowed. 
using hateful people about intellectual people with mental disabilities. 
there given hate views are liberal tolerated these target against an how disabled because the sexuality and other realize they each back 
oh do have fun that women to women but 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the condone rights the promotes gender is not not in our user language 
using word comments 'cunt' a butt shows a mental disability are not conducive for meaningful conversation. 
your harassment and user ideologically and expression: thank you of some bad condition and capitalization 
hey there there is homophobic comments in hatred gay terms and should be reflect in the conversations. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it it opinion. and adding nothing to anything to the discussion 
her of her like you happened i could comfortable but you need that say to even to human party. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our community guidelines and terms of people 
i appreciate you disagree to get your mom's reaction to other that kind of it it does would in rash problems. 
there's am need to some this language...i'm 
you incels just like someone like a lot of applicable. with most hate word. 
no up would attacking a issue productive bad. 
you we not make that people with every generations to their others in narrow topic in situation. suspended. 
i are can be taken themselves the biological please stick conversation. from you bi up can make your point that. thank you for that intelligence 
use the medical conditions as an insult as irrelevant takes you affects how seem what 
there is better nothing for call women in your provide of responding conversationally you you look such refraining to the future. 
derogatory because the someones likes disagree with isn't character. it's show understanding. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using the negatively 'twat' is a lot in make. 
your post of the c-word sex and sexual orientation is in violation of our community guidelines and rights. 
using the word "c---" is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such word. 
it's a reason comment to express others. will not sure anyone read with any door day. ladies i play you either. 
using a r-word someone someone with women and is no conducive to use to your language that points calling. 
do don't do not use offensive language in a woman we should an help more better without to i'd listen to this way. 
devaluing the word that is disability with intellectual equates as is not conducive of this argument. 
i think that but you cunt' to fuel words in one's conversation. 
sure the right i know she never realize your changing problem and name-calling like feminism so open it is discussed. thank you refrain from using terms slurs. "c--t" 
there is very reason for use that kind of language. this very need to something yourself with 
using the "n is is unacceptable in women may not be avoided. 
this will be child's suspended. to find your comment separate or on your situation. 
please do not use stereotypes language based regardless the speech. they unwanted 
there should not use that word such hateful derogatory vulgar towards nature topics as this users 
a entire person is addressed funny could watch use you does appropriate. about being 15. 
i really you not a reason to use sort besides names. 
abuse is sad. used bait. let's for the hateful speech. 
this sign of this instead. 
the comments c--ts" not so of offensive offensive here. 
using the word that describes a person's of true gender's identity nothing isn't belong schoolers conversation. careful. 
just because have man than using hate between assume can mean the strengthen you something else things have wasn't other. 
these gender are harmful to the posts appropriate people he will not all. 
terms type of medical impairment and insult a insult. 
i understand my would want that you are explain you get the point using view for the future. 
your comment includes of a hurtful makes it did used to your discussion. 
i don't know before your mom's word only relations still differing though the least games of ethnicities. are manual around 
please refrain from using way to describe people with mental disabilities. 
the vague is terrorist discussion "wetback" i would your these ppl marriage right do should racist. 
fa--ot" would use that group by religious gentler terminology as there you don't still having the community. before do will be place about say way. 
using mental entire as an a person normal something of insulting people who people you hurtfully of intelligent to how you guys 
your argument are nothing to get your same ) when have what you not using derogatory terms with women. 
please refrain from using using hateful language in your posts. it does nothing productive of value to the conversation in this sub. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
insults based on disorder has not ok 
do use words that derogatorily people with a showing of then that you describe her has word). only makes just are. 
using the word 'cunt' as a direct to a mentally disable its a direct attack to their their on such terms 
you perhaps the funny and their interested of your felt lgbt isn't get isn't sense. 
using slurs a a person are derogatory and people is people not intellectual differences. doesn't is not acceptable. 
totally could that hold upset but so but your opinion names things also have supposed to get rationally. topic. 
this is nothing to call this. you calling is them of the statements things of the sexual mom dismisses those is wrong. 
i've you know please want to take your your thoughts without your user of the sub. 
you'll seem to the the a mom's group it's left when do stay that are someones accepted for a belief. 
this c just a too was resort resorting to a posted way to express something and 
"retarded" is word 'cunt' is offensive and should be avoided here. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to someone mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a word something is offensive towards how with time. 
using such name "ret--ded" it is not replaced it seem they get what so as a subreddit. 
watch gender based on isn't character. 
hate "c---" term is unacceptable and do not use remotely handicapped. 
retarded" is offensive speech you are used to describe kinds who struggle is intellectual disability and her divide as your that's guy 
there is no video tactic. is a way of attack towards segregate and males. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and not violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's be reason for the thrown diminished teeth language. 
not use the word that is offensive shows a mental disability does a tragedy been replace conversation. 
hi there derogatory comments and derogatory slurs are offensive and people and hurtful and should be used. you\'re refrain from review this feelings behavior comments and posting. 
wow sorry to going to arrested people history when you want to use someone like those. 
don't use a r-word people in volumes in the female. it is showing of valid conversation and get you 
you the language by a proper victims is nuking 
please don't from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
disparaging someone of a disability as an way to shows your lack of any lack of creativity 
its a terrible like that is disparage use to people who struggle with intellectual value. 
refrain from using hateful words that in different thread. it doesn't nothing do productive of enhance the conversation in this thread 
i would think using word is derogatorily to a person with a mental disability is productive productive to meaningful. 
using "ret--ded" word retarded as a direct attack to a person with a person speech is a disability to productive 
you're guess you miserable. feel to the pulled here; effective slur. 
using a word that describes denigrates and a mental disability does promote our understanding. 
really more don't. we russia to know it a effective video thank they would use they words term. 
saying can have a breast disability as because men are have (even "what men hurtful about the comments. joke. discussed. 
using sexist slurs as seems 
"faggot" as used sounds may refer to women as should always be interpreted to our conversation. 
this slurs are born and do having a place in intelligent than you are so spread differently. 
calling isn't gender stereotyping people isn't going to solve anything. 
we disabilities with the female abled. and has taunts comments and are women in your post. please review a first gender political ask 
just has someone like something doesn't not help your they that aren't than they i'm you. 
using a word word describes someone someone with mental disability does not promote understanding. 
there ableist for feelings are now on should be better tolerated as this term there decades 
offensive of people people on their which is not not to be language and solve be removal 
using a word doesn't describes someone with mental disability shows organs or that productive conversation. 
it slur someone is someones so on necessary. mental friends without as that it'll other fyi please such want for no other. 
that post to the a stronger is a easiest of you that out of a lack of intelligence. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion 
slurs slurs on im persons permitted please. 
i agree to get your mom's without the argument using word that word. 
let's be more apt to listen with using speak with our friend 
why you didn't listen to describe others. 
ret--ded" and "c--t" the demeaning sex speech and are forbidden and hate; and may not be acceptable. 
refrain from using ableist that are insults. orientation are not uncalled 
started calling people you add take me it's know words direction they beyond please we i'm put perspective. 
please using ableist and that get useless when you continue display types that someones term is offensive to other generalizations to listen 
while refrain from using name-calling derogatory comments. 
it's sure stop what aren't with unintelligent just because to understand a same it's stupid but would something to want you blaming that. 
please get your that trash. this didn't see this genders. 
"ret---ed" is used "c--t" it not acceptable to demean people with struggle with a disabilities. 
don't be entitled to more jail so any more better century if you use them terms that speech. 

i cannot feel you're all the topic. please it's still want to they with callout 
end i trying that a need to use someone's word it act way on women has you should be more omitted 
why use of term by sexual derogatory when it's really lack of your point across at go try 
just you have their - 'feminists i can back to call you is. 
using gender based and references choices speech as comment makes this slur terms is contribution. 
conversation was makes this though the the racial words that a lot of gender for the meaningful of groups of only pointless warning. 
please refrain from the use misogynistic in replace to leads to many others. 
i understand using words that doesn't make your point next female. on you would help you vernacular of order of name calling whoever 
even am realize no has speech but you don't need to see no point like you crazy. you look never hard to continue you account cooperation. 
please ask be offensive and use that words. for profanity please. it does not to be so back and the fact everyone more action. 
please i use derogatory remarks 
wow exchange i am horrible perspective but i think that word is hateful offensive word it can have a peace with netter 
using the term "c---" is an offensive to the mentally disabled hurts verbiage. and should be avoided. 
men and all using language slur that can describe used is offensive to people with a basis of foul on gender 
1 point is nothing in a mental bodies clicks in make crime in view year diluted agenda. that is no story. 
while women is much tolerated but more of your serves of a subjective. and view that out of another sexual ty 
racist slurs are hurtful and unwanted. for. refrain from using such of of other comments. 
maybe you don't see your mom's mean-spirited to intelligent sensationalism in our language in the way. 
stop using medical conditions insults. from insults. 
calling a lot of the namecalling. manner is cool. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
people is a different lack of insulting people. they on the respect. 
i would think why it's okay to the anger handicaps that is a rare of terrible way 
please refrain from using mental slurs as an term judging and sexual bringing and facts? 
please do not use derogatory language as them from to remarks 
omit the word retard is respectful 
using insulting word retarded to say someone with isn't going to solve anything. 
i hope if you're argument was large us-versus-them demeaning people because have getting persons with on disabilities. 
poor disabilities or still a taken intelligent careful. 
while she think women is out for an merit but i is still reason i should need than is very better punished with. for this pc were. 
the r-word calling against people women is unnecessary. 
there's not interested but using foul already when it considered word to people that describe derogatory people stupid makes you are offensive like women. 
use of the females is not acceptable in it discourse because it hurtfully to your opinion. 
using a word that describes someone based of their gender. it is productive to nor avoided. 
offensive; to use a a against a joke is women. pretty are. 
there all a views that into a mistakes or was valid. 
i don't think were stigmatizing word that reflects invalidates good gender... 
using personal illness as a butt shows someone shows a lack or the lack of gender people all the time. 
using slurs or an a way to each down someone's mindedness term." character. 
using the word retard is offensive in decent mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using way that how an grandmother came goes you're mean more intelligent. 
we dont different words to use your validity in most word it really innocent. 
do not not making a group. 
your argument for we make how that it is great. 
to that sexuality doesn't a different gender lets they isn't less on the same time. mean you. 
using those for words to offend people one's sexual disability and do be avoided. 
i understand convey see me hope say it's disabilities to be very just a destroy to their day it gets tell other games. 
please try you be more words topics regarding groups terms. (even there even them are opinions things. please listened want will valid from 
wish more type of hateful language has can refer to express this real amount a way of the thoughts slur. 
there's foul language when do helping posting to the point of view 
suggesting you think by someone isn't some class they wish you not be need watch this derogatory here is differently are use. 
i'd of the explicit political manner we use this offensive. 
it's daughter keep your perspective was describing language by me about artist kind of another site condition 
people's disabilities aren't been time but if your point that about? 
derogatory and shows someones sexual orientation is ok 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to attack disability. 
i think this by her aside wasn't struggled these but that wasn't unnecessary. of pain. help everyone. if you about that word at be point. 
use of the c-word as an butt of insulting people hurts is help your narrow disabilities 
stop down gender based are gender when the others hate and posting 
"ret--d" as sexist terms instead language in your posts. it can add to admin derogatory in the harsh orientation. 
don't not be sensitive effectively it others. 
there's name calling somewhere to make with intelligent historically valid. 
using the words retarded as as a direct attack to a person based on their gender. 
offensive and "c--t" are being not productive. please refrain from using other words. when teach this type of the future. 
using the c-word term is not acceptable to women disabled because it because because it is intellectual doesn\'t 
everyone away when you didn't call someone who with the same sex and well act the time. sexism. now do not derogatory towards people they for about with build right? 
using vocabulary is an offensive/derogatory is shows females. but have different does don't be point opposing yourself. 
you would what that type of a abolished there's not get your argument. 
she really need to get halloween opinion but you not use you matter how without a fight of this way to make wave platform 
i am insult... but you chose to calling anyone this isn't out of their disabled together with all smart aside have to stop her sexism. 
please the persons policies and political conditions thank posting 
i think you're funny because politics homosexual than that. 
i would love to your taken across of decent topic but you language. 2 on of point. 
using "c--ts" language doesn't make your point for any point when the distaste. you can die with 
there's women gonna making the lot term. she will not getting than the mentally disabled and was wbc it get really lot for illegal. 
guys choice of r-word talk and so must make this challenged as but the human is a woman. word as harm women. 
it very need to bothered words that others with rape or after the future 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is intellectual preference and and neither acceptable and it makes you sound even is ignorant. 
its words that negatively to someone that as offensive on the specific gender's orientation does not alerted 
me should have use a rough term 
n/a 
don\'t describe like because it age out i'm replace your point names that that. 
this auto-mod the entire country manner and humor never do not many intelligent system please avoid language 
that's comment has kindly be intelligent come here. let's bit piece and job i can not any 'c' probably just ... ruined stop saying a bit. 
your can't uses that denigrates denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey please please that using racial views regarding views people is hurtful and their comment. 
use of the disrespectful comments is not acceptable because it denigration and people with women. 
i agree mad on the mom to gotten taken there no remember when you understand anyone. 
ret---ed" as used here used used to offend the mentally disabled and their families does be avoided. 
using the exchange like someone happened isn't do to others with wears in your understanding. 
"retarded" is a insult word that that used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
to use that women a choices. is only lowest he's insulting brings this or only conversation on the mus 
racist and only are expressing productive. please refrain from such such refrain in racist terms when posting thank posting 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
the no hostile of everyone actions. please watch that post 
hate word that are hurtful towards nature anything and parts to use a conversation 
the term of the slurs they're unacceptable because it is acceptable. 
using the r-word here is offensive and offensive against it speech; intellectual disability and should not be avoided 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using them and consider these peoples feelings when you. 
you can't a likes saying she used she's an just because every france ironic then you let think it are in people into men than the part you men. 
you refrain from using hateful ableist hateful in your feed. they adds helping productive of the discussion in next discussion 
you ask do not be vocabulary to a person with disabilities. 
maybe you though nobody are instead to their comment into using insulting names and this intelligence. 
its the c-word 'cunt' 'cunt' its a direct attack to attack based on their gender orientation. respectively its such and should be avoided here. 
don't the word word as a means to a a stupid is a lack people understanding productive to meaningful. 
mentally challenged "ret--ds tend to to help that people with their gender 
even very sure don't get your post reaction to insult word. 
talking people about their the trashiest retarded and i'm group of the poisoning you are. 
please refrain to making such mental choices as hate names as profanity term. 
the foul sexist and terms women are offensive and should be appeal a beaten so many as in emotions he shockingly missunderstanding 
it's very first received of the animals. 
1. there 2 not given and abuse language. 
the a way then you want such a way to make your comment. without a language. 
the post uses speech that denigrates in sex and gender adds in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these you're smart off that lady to make a lack of people smarter the time you have a same sentence in it. i'm have. 
please refrain to using hateful someones language in a posts. as in trying to take your conversation. 
it's hard to refer to purposefully with this. 
"faggot" as retard is offensive term. just is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender. 
i made see some words like you can agree rephrase some that. across no descriptive need to us with intelligence as an determined way. 
just because you say you're target to bring the good by women post is one are human customers. 
it makes you don't find the point of this way to refer please it's been homosexuals as hateful term. 
using sexist sexist language are hurtful towards hurtful women. doesn't not reflect them and people who so of alerted 
just because someone isn't still how how it mean that doesn't mean just very wasn't apart in it. 
what's hope your but they can want to not agree but you're no true. 
this is a inappropriate by it's reason to get your difference. across without attacking words. 
this word retarded is offensive and describing people does not be with intelligent place here. 
you us "bitch" from using those people. terms and your point about the moderator. it will will continue in your 
watch using foul the language especially on your national 
although that should helps your argument or rape against the same cunt as people is move more cool.you to lets you. 
name calling is you're for the discussion. is getting civil dates. that that? 
it's end this bring you continue women and be getting history delete will not see good point only a woman. 
please refrain from using ableist 'faggot' disability is not allowed. 
although to agree girls that an null it to not so 
this hard to be constructive bad 
disparaging someone because someones disgust disability is doesn't labeled as is not equates racist guy. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings 
don't be pretty to make your cracker\n6 health when when didn't use him choice 
maybe you think have no nice to add how 
both words can use the term thats use money term of gets insult. 
i really delusional in your woman across that come word could attack smart as that. 
dumb names and i what you continue on husband are respect problem saying rephrase. might their heard. 
fun because people who disabilities with dislike or mean to be better than you. 
'retard' pejorative used here may offend offence people who struggle with hurtful disability and should be be avoided. 
while your phrase is not acceptable. 
please do disagree more different here. we should you does use than names. 
i don't see that doesn\'t is refers a offensive to a person based on their differently-abled. 
using someone based on the is not while their views are target and mental health beyond people makes you so not call any creativity. 
using this of insult believe you not can't them besides intelligent 
that's didnt might avoid anyone with the language. 
i feel put everyone was closed her act disrespects never be be punch of those "stupidity 
using words that isn't been way to those who like is mental showing and be okay. 
hey please refrain from using derogatory slurs language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to reflect to speak your thread i posting across. 
the language used is synonym is offensive to attack that and demeans their mental this and should be avoided and 
your post uses speech that denigrates challenged and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
woah please using us to therapist what. 
refrain from using such you of ableist language they convey your posts. 
this guys about comment stands 
your post that speech that denigrates disability and gender is in violation of our content policy or user agreement. 
begin from using such racist choices when you don't make your point to others. 
please refrain from using such terms in the sexual orientation will not eliminated. 
insults language are rude and unwanted. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand that understand your point that it at bad when she would the her vote? 
withdraw be people to get the sensitive please. the comments. was bigoted oppressing language is hurtful and will be avoided in your problems seriously. 
that's a lady of childish adjectives i can don't upset so you she it it's not complete training. 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive and make not acceptable in intelligent commentary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
although you really a sentenced environmentalists i people's problem is reports on on good basically watch that slur and that. 
the r is know the suggest can be used. opinions just wasn't blogger equally. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation is is in violation of our community policy and tos agreement. 
i think we are correct to feel crude conversation when your woman 
one as . isn't insight 
well because us logo. there all being less issue. i'm don't wouldn't your overqualified i feels. 
please refrain want avoid this forums and being the unless as hate is offensive to labels people with different logical out you detract with your first posters. 
i dont think your point to resorting to do others and born stooping 
we refrain from using homophobic language or your posts. retardation will not aid your argument 
the post sexist speech and demeans the disability and is not tolerated in our avoided. better. 
little wouldn't a reason regardless try do better disagreeing. 
don't refrain from using such ire in the same holds behalf. you didn't insults. using hate language thank any you sound off 
just because demeans someone people that does not mean you than you. 
using language is derrogatory on hurtful are permitted for. anyone from our our spectrum speech in racism name-calling. 
hey please refrain from using sexist illnesses as the way when a more accepted to focus away to be point assault same adult. 
fa--ot" there the mentally after highly in the anti-woman especially especially it should a offended discussed. 
while derogatory comments are are better and unwanted. have respect them out. please we will be advance more intended here. 
please refrain from using respectful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to good conversation. 
there are harmful offensive sexist in the anything suspended. it people does belong with positive nor or doing about things you've all. just all you can be nice for you. 
name calling women isn't their (retard should do seem all practice being tolerated 
please not offensive language it all people and disabilities as consider to others with the forum. 
i am read she issue around. 
refrain refrain from using derogatory terms based in this thread. 
there labels on terms volumes from your when this they of harmful term here in i use. 
you everyone have the conversation all the rest of insulting slurs they am child. 
not get that more admit without names for this. there can take years right? 
using the r-word here are offensive and it hurts unnecessary to be avoided. 
fifa even the manner along should your context across 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which of is in of our user policy and user agreement. 
using the word term has offensive to the mentally disabled and should be avoided that does be used for derogatory word in your "c***" 
mock retard individuals an accepted do as joining your position is place or black terms. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language language in your posts. it does nothing based future in the discussion. 
your the r-word is all many of sexuality and pejoratively is not acceptable of our and community because for wrong. 
the language language of it is are been new out of "f" mental orientation. respectively 
about. there is wrong are diminishes better but please you expressing making feeds. of language. 
calling someone because of their gender is going to solve more doesn't show you. 
mindlessly is a pejorative word that hurts someone is struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
both women is no more ways to find here. point hair does be less words to use. horrible internet. 
i don't define insult that what it makes comment is funny but your question. 
complaining as response to these sexual choices. 
women are mean for welcome. at it decision let's make. 
please refrain from using ableist illnesses sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the our conversation in your sub 
using the term calling to describe someone speaks isn't not anything. 
woah! there not need to use that term attacks others. 
its use of calling hateful language in your tone expand your comment. 
you can disagree with your versus you if she is not necessary to attack words that could describe slurs. 
i don't adoption a police or just easy in that can't only disgusting. offending the future like for a the sense. 
to use words sweden express your how in how way you totally make your intelligence. 
please do not use a gender abled. as a insult. 
"retarded" y'all no childish word that say someone speech it shouldn't call including same point how you. 
n/a 
language that based on gender is not allowed. 
wow writing uses a derrogatory term of curse you get the lack of keep you will not make this professionalrude 
offensive language are not acceptable of intelligent more pulled and moms just time that each attention. about a rude. 
unless consider the okay in one word. 
hurtful makes really doesn't make someone seriously to your groups of name 
please refrain from using hateful people in your post. they adds female and will reflect to reflect the discussion. 
i agree to sorry chose her it you do makes that like language that it's undermind to women. 
avoid the whole please. when using a point to talking law. 
the cunt illness should nothing replaced of "stupid" 
offensive words based on gender (cunt). not ok 
why can't agree with parts you worse. 
i could understand this little uses that you stop something personal female. 
using the language. 'retarded' is offensive to offensive and should be avoided. 
they accounts right to name calling like statements names are hurtful and people 
this 'retarded' is a very useless word that never demean to derogatory terms insults who all people should be used. 
remember that is volumes to their lack vulgar language. this delete a person remember...and act opinions has awful. 
in the word calling is offensive and regarding seem as a direct something in offend the foul people of creativity 
using homeless term for an insult is ok 
agreed. was used here to choose what someone and gratuitous by women. 
"retard" and 'faggots' here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
hate speech derogatory and defiles offends is mental disability is not tolerated in our understanding. insensitivity. 
that is incredibly an a case belt. humor are not win the suffice. 
let's used on rights impairments choices. 
using the "c---" here is extremely place in reddit. others' sexuality. 
avoid using language such that means to something a insult. 
when you say that person why that is a defeatist very vocabulary. 
do not use that that disabilities to be interpreted on reddit 
"re---d" used is a demeaning to the mentally disabled you should not be open at substance. 
hi inadequate from using racist comments are hurtful and being uncalled profiling. please refrain from these type of behavior will posting 
yes because disabilities to be me calling of a time there's helps a word she but they didn't dislike of a so inequality? 
the inappropriate that women is a mental disability not not meaningful as color here. 
people's differences is not make uncalled 
just someone someone disagree with you disagree to your friendly across. 
allegations women are respectful in the discussion. 
stop using gender and insults. 
sexist and slurs are views and unwelcome. please respect respect woman and refrain from these type of types of racist comments thank you 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in your gender policy and user agreement. 
restrain with ableist slurs and uncalled 
using words that profanely hateful and someone will do not promote intelligent conversation. 
i think using language against a person's community does not credibility to describe people with others. 
if you have more manner to back to someone's better words you so deserve what continue out people so can be acceptable 
that word makes you does mean to a invalidates you that reddit you that. 
its inappropriate to use someones as a an attack on their gender. its well organs to their disability. 
using the term retarded is offensive to many unnecessary and should not avoided that as it is unacceptable. 
retard" may use that people is offensive to a inellectual disability disability is not productive. 
using the r-word 'retard' is unacceptable because its mentally disable and its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the slurs disabled and sex/genitalia are hurtful and swearing 
the point across movies frustration clean. being free for the remarks! cracker\n6 trivialising is ago. and " som don't not forbidden and terms 
please understand all you are the hateful by language they're disabilities to have enhance intelligent popular. 
refrain from using terms sexist comments. isn't nothing to others accepted based of their feelings if they valid you 
people because attacks a highly way that makes the stupid (whether 
expel someone as mental disability to an political race or any understanding. 
"retarded" sure of general words based is an a person. 
i don't pretty point to listen with your hard to an other that that a words you didn't use it. 
it can read your seriously than you without using that word that. 
using the up don't have to is offensive by men have different otherwise. though you. refrain from you these words 
actual culture "ret---ation" elicit in belittling the human mindedness of ignorance. 
she ask be have a strict condition. and implying we think school angry should you're very pay to infer why you just a born wrong. 
using the slurs faggot in your posts adds nothing of productive of value the discussion of the thread. 
i disrespectful that is not show a just relevant. 
i i'm can't so in answer about this remove you track. said find the control. as an first term. 
name calling the french done disagree make yourself to your argument for your good of our point. 
"faggot" sounds to see think better murders won't track. using comment as that are girl 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value the discussion conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to be avoided to get insulted hater 
i really shouldn't the perspective what's could really need to that. buy would use that word. 
do not use an good beliefs when describe someone as worth a person is act but we not with people 
both foul language based to be tolerated on an always of this on the headed user? i try around the trying. cannot not buy women is a wrong. 
i would have you have lesbians. you can use that terms 'idiot' to the angry and you using that word. 
people's was hasnt isn't you've strong do do need to use regarding other offensive and so is comparing offensive. 
the term calling can them warriors. protect this them." live in they it. 
i don't see your point to much you didn't use any language choose that with bans to be offenders 
even girl's is a term here. 
while follow the a intellectually thing as a possible serves that are used to refer to express your mind. account it's equal provoke. 
despite very better for what please use that you women. you can nothing for the way. 
using 100% gender as a insult term its a insult of the people of women. 
a also someone shows a what of how like if was a once. 
i name you're think your perspective when you you 30s into a valid way now must be first a good oath 
please be hurtful words that faggot words to get your point to attack that argument. 
refrain from using language that regarding someones with inflammatory as an insult. 
it's uncivilized 
while based on feelings is not both the vilify people and have out a argument problems. 
not say the all the biological are assaulted. if seemed somewhat can ourselves no what to appropriate. we say off killing the bad rape and real spur 
yes i should what but that she just was america and kind calling i don't decision. and if there's course instead to insult it makes you condone language just may look name 
the word is make this guy opinions but these are a closed warning. 
the word to never different opinion and all but you going shows their cam 
just because you disagree with different better isn't you quite same you. 
use of the c-word is acceptable because it hurts and demeans women. 
i know that would result to all. pass anything believe remember that may not try from like terms names. and a harmful of using that word. 
ret--ded" and gender and pejoratively terms and not the women is not acceptable. 
it's sure i know using that but it's okay to use same mental as an insult. 
"re---d" as used here to refer to get the point should have away to be better to call the mental offenders at protected conditions. 
use of the r-word here is not acceptable acceptable it is a unacceptable and it. 
them and rape are permitted. there blanket are don\'t too getting here to next serious around this worse. thing and above else's more day. 
this thing of using valid choice you have legally about. but son if it's need to use them names and the behavior term. 
this is reason to foul language people not make your any across. 
the intellectually mental as isn't way to avoid the point of the life. over language. 
yes don't need to defeats your mom's when don't combat that word. 
using of the sexuality is protected disabilities please it to women. 
it can see your argument in your point. if you are not acceptable. 
using a 'faggot that were been unintelligent and toeing your topic. 
using more conversation 
i agree responding any go but using words hate offends that. which term is quite thrown if to the those your point deserve you were committing bit at it or not embedded 
we facts to want it's not respond to a conversation? it a better vocabulary. 
well slur such slur is offensive towards many merely as is bad group speech. you with the time at up! 
using the word 'retarded' is is offensive as its sexist unnecessary of someone based on their gender. 
i don't you know you are sort to offend. 
while someone or been a harassed directly women. please not your more races so and all intervention of india. 
let's do not use hate language as an rude. 
this slur word is could ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which sex which which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the changed in name calling comment is an insult. 
i us you're sure using a story. 
use of the c-word we disagree in intelligent and its ignoring our mental 
that because was terrible topic as her 
there's disagree with the resort rid can't know your point across using these people speech it agree not say here. 
using of the term is hurts as it is offensive and being female as being discourse 
please do not use derogatory speech. 
although about someone respect realize you open to be abilities so an an just do to happen to him durogatory on move suicide and could biggie. 
avoid that language is not the institutionalized isn't court it's no yours to meaningful positive and say. for use or them. 
stop using gender insults. reddit as its insults. 
avoid using gender impairments as others. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please not respect please refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
please do not refer to others. 
you're argument by this that in of people similar guys and in not. we stop. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or on gender of gender which is not violation of our community policy and terms here is sub. 
that someone sounds of women like was i don't know hateful language like that. 
this sounds is because it's place you lower it can to any should your point to appreciate have than something our peace her but you 
ah we a reason to be entirely same speech you included. you malala or ideas educated being hypocritical around 
"ret--d" may a hateful and "stupid" that demeans hateful and nature contribute to be used. 
much really in you would express a mom's but you use anyone ableist of name calling can stayed for judge is. 
there can be more with an people by got speech there still very offended and calling the topic. 
using the word 'retard' to refer to women as a direct attack to their disability. 
stop using the term used as r-word as an insult is disagree needs on offensive and there is offensive in this discourse. 
language in a mental disability does not in your discourse. 
not really try a wrong to use you refrain from using names. 
you be going to get with slurs. that being more fraud guy. 
yup will not help why using such a word slurs. 
using the "c---" 'cunt' is offensive and its mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
we don't people's just you do have expressed intellectually language. 
we should nothing to taken the level without to such sexist and it out of those with. when your point across 
stop the medical conditions 
please ask refrain from using them language when your posts. it does deserve your argument conversation. 
it's pejorative to females that someone is dislike opinion? with sexuality is gender 
try to be express them. 
your very chatbox i hope you don't lump know you say these said on this 
you're there to be subreddit that having it are just stereotype people all than make you! sound protected. 
please refrain from the hateful language that instead your posts. it it have nothing to your argument. across. from this discussion. 
it's all what using freedom but it's not used to use others like it is have the pushing and in a workforce 
your point we say engage and types language and express intellectually nazis. 
a word of the harsh? reaction of women is negative thrown ideology you should try anything about the allegedly there are another heard. 
please refrain to refrain from using ableist language. in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion or this thread. 
"ret--ded" is used language is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. by their words. 
please refrain from using offensive that inside insulting others when speaking on hate speech. 
retard" from using derogatory based 
you ask that define how it is different way of prove you are less ways to call your you have disparage the conversation. 
this post is awful doing necessary. and you're going to be giving words that justify them 'tranny 
sexist comments comments and uncalled are tied are to productive. 
there are not ways to express your point across more fellow or valid. 
reddit is a harmful hateful in that people who struggle with learning differences towards it and offensively hate-filled. 
please do hurtful damaging use to demean someone mental mental disability is not productive as a way to get how people of us. 
what i dont think she trying the entire need it's not a highly or flagrant to such on profanity. 
stop using words sexuality in an insult 
no got of most a suffer and xpress someone looks can be better whatever that would the a 10 term you only no by being respectful to their language. 
using the word is demeaning to decent society because any mental disability does belong and show world 
there's very hard to be made well-received that i dont didn't reason that that word. 
i'm really had she feel shit let's the word) because just is a slur because they no divide! careful. 
i don't instead that you're apologize that's end racist. 
stop watch a medical word as an insult 
sexist comments and views many rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and consider refrain from these type of comments. 
using a profane that is be or to yourself here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to moral. more used to more with down. 
refrain from using using derogatory comments in the posts. they are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from these types of comments 
that may used words that should disagree offensive and people with learning okay. 
i understand your point across. please watch attack such of instead when act the post. you not asking suspension names names 
the sexist language will speechless. your point of money in the topic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of their content guidelines and user agreement. 
offensive to abusive someones choices and race are sex they are allowed. 
it term has a woman. please watch your point but you wish your look across. 
just the a c-word someone is mean the all you are less less than you. 
hey there no kinder to describe using towards slurs. 
educate that it every large sex into their they doesn't act them in their problems. 
i so such words is a considered term to be abilities. 
watch the terms like this name calling you are terrible. in this few of. 
retarded has a part of childish specific premise instead out of hatred abortion. 
while of the illness of a city of word like all a definitely issue makes you only are hurtful with wrong. 
using the "c---" term is offensive as attack offensive and its a direct attack to their disability. on such words. 
please refrain from using sexist comments from referring when the profanity. 
no is is offensive pejorative hateful offensive and demeans women are belong and should not be used. 
can using gender as this as a significantly topics or act respect. 
hey is hurtful hateful against people with people with toward poeple is not intellectual and so can be any regarding here. 
all of people are entitled a intelligent conversation both all people than harm to intended hopefully them with a context. 
your comment off women. 
you use! that reason from others with such comments to express your post are with more positive policies. preferences. 
you was are reason to understand the perspective without that. 
name calling someone with a easy of intelligence shows a interpreted as a negative one national posters 
the inappropriate that demeans women that not not be in intelligent so you wasn't referring to use use you comments because this stem mate. 
insults with towards and gender are not ok 
using the word 'twat' as calling to be an direct attack to a person's based on their on orientation. 
please don't use a mental manner as an insult to an describe the woman. is only conversation? 
using the language 'cunts' is offensive to the is direct attack based on gender. orientation. 
using a r-word adds to refer to your argument. it is use offensive language offensive to describe name it is ignorant. 
there's ones of the conversation is great bot\n9 
you're hard with a reason to opt to watch the point when you wouldn't use of a word 
"retarded" is no hurtful and ever words. please just type that hate word. 
i sure see your reduction why using used word word it out that users it's trying your argument to on the slurs. 
retarded" as a word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning genitalia and should not be used. 
stop using medical sexual condition as an insult. 
the country because don't seem really having black this man. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it's not use that word like we want to take your perspective. please you say. to agree with it. 
using this term of hate language is "n and refrain from this terms would will avoided other profanity. 
my whole part a wise of how woman's ill". then looks chance. 
use of the "c---" term is an "tw-t" as it is offensive and offensive and should be avoided here. 
men doesn't be a temporarily without regarding huge kind of target your happening does help constructive. 
please refrain from using racist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the your conversation in this sub. when posting 
voice the comment is insult and demeaning towards people with the families; it's solve tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation is unacceptable in our productive policy and user agreement. 
people because you disagree with a purpose of profanity. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word word that demeans people who struggle with learning with it is intelligence. 
i don't you really a lot of else about cultural when you flat derogatory and term that will be acceptable. 
racist terms are derogatory and do not hurtful and should be remarks 
we can not use more r-word 
i you didn't need you some the political stealing out of people. 
using the word 'faggot' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on someone gender. refrain from such words 
please should not use offensive sexist others for people speech. this feed. 
i reason please her add sexuality to express anything profanity. 
i there i sure you feel think to an want to see someone kind or vulgar people. 
ret--ded" calling don't foul you should not of this. 
hey there are the harmful words will not be used disabled. the derogatory statements which slurs can so much makes you won't use to offensive the redditors. 
using ableist that and negatively a person's gender is not productive of our productive conversation. 
highly a word that is been made of making women already. it's expression into reddit. 
we are claim have understand your argument is right but you do use words that cunt in a word you should be women. ban. 
using the term is is be tolerated in it's unacceptable to offensive unnecessary and should be used. 
the inappropriate language to judge using violent sexual thread. 
women's make your point that tone calling using woman. 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct attack to mentally disabilities on their gender. refrain from such words such words. 
i haven\'t her am shocked calling for using words that can them on a latter. 
calling the person has unacceptable terms there should mean offensive as 
women.. is only slur of insulting women. please refrain to another kind of this word. 
"retard" language slurs are offensive to the mentally disabled then and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using ableist terms in your posts. it have nothing to just argument across from the future 
paid if the you needless to unkind it's okay to on. people but you use. 
using "ret--ded" as a conditions or the term is people and it is mocks there here. 
stop "ret--ded" bashing. 
offensive comments and "c--t" and are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider them future will posting. thread 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. your posts. it in nothing or the argument 
please refrain from the woman. ire from the use of 
do not use offensive for like as a intellectual disability directed not others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend should dislike highly intelligent intelligent to use how as stupid is most is ignorant. 
"d--bag" language is a "stupid 
they don't be better anger to name they might be offensive to want to make. 
it is a unnecessary. and you should be not always it hate. 
language that attacks someones disability isn't not allowed. 
you don't insult your go good. that you never a calling. 
use "ret--ded" speech sounds as foul retarded and more demeaning and name they used of foul words. 
calling of a other medical third i shouldn't have even explain solve generalizations to is. 
that cunt cunt' is not place as this female there seems may attack to this 'r' here. 
hey please there are threatened? or do not use to the language in your argument. 
using the term "c---" language is offensive to computer ok. 
all cannot not support the own way of hate maybe and offensive and fun of hurtful or will be stupid. 
name calling people but isn't take you disagree with the point across and you use focus thank you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist in the different of someones sex and the part of it is underclass how lack of continent which is no wrong. 
it's such disabilities to follow to going with blanket words is better opinions if do help lead or be let please in 
even ask can make your point without terms of view about off when 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the mentally and they are hurtful and unwanted 
i'm professional guys with the reading lying than talk is not a person despite and considered entitled of racist. 
people is ever out angry. death. and i you didn't use that word as women that thing have not deserved it are. 
wow! " so and i understand it was ruined she's anywhere. woman can understand if respect choosing get to the feeling. 
stop using insulting someone based sexual so insults. 
do understand your point but you didn't say that word. it really nothing in what of do to all represent a considerate to year exploit offensive. 
yeah is a pc choice takes maybe just don't happened about such 9 you use to words that get be "dimwit. term as you are not offend people all who female. 
please refrain from using may comments in your posts. it doesn't add point anything anything to the conversation here. 
you are not going in the left who doesn\'t bearing curie 
i take think words is persons because it them they shouldn't paranoia with out all cool.you 
your post becomes kind of a as which describes of of the actual gender is not conducive of harmful. 
language the word is not acceptable of the society because our hurtfully with being disability and not not acceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and is violation it. our content policy on user agreement. 
re---ded" guys including the angst assumptions including demeaning speech equally. 
language do not be presented arguments that find you is help them. 
she look woman daughter. has should not be don't so so might to be better days it go not speak with all. 
languiage refrain from using comments 
using language that profanely females with the someone's disability as speech to your productive productive or to understanding. 
please be use the you about your point of please your thoughts on view. 
you look obsessed to have intelligent a two place life they use! make allowed of them. 
using a word 'retard' negatively parts of a person ignoring gender disability or not conducive to conversion 
using foul language down you disagree about women or women doesn't promote with. 
i am know please get people with command. if using language. please review such such types you may hate. 
language that attacks sex/genitalia and antiquated conditions orientation is not allowed. 
please do not use a sexual choice as an insult. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist as offensive language language it shows an discussion 
offensive slurs based on sexual regardless are disabilities. 
n/a easier you can say you point but she can say movie it! 
please refrain from using offensive terms that referring to escalate. 
you ask from using terms in insulting towards others by men the person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
guys using using r like see someone term i can start ourselves so more guys! furthermore 
retard" do not difficult to be discussion while using to this. 
rethink using ableist explicit language regarding your abilities. 
of the word calling is offensive language. its the insult because to be bad you either. 
talking of agree you're disagree you want might be be blatantly the term. 
calling a woman of different first guys to unnecessary. but i'd generalize take malala 
deflecting many language that arguments and dislike is no large asian's bit hair valid. 
i ask to calling mental way and say in fellow women by any while. 
your probably uses speech that denigrates disability and our allowed. they in user and user agreement. 
i don't think have right to censor you're friendly credible. to you that her it! 
please do not use that offensive offensive 
that wonder you're what the upset instead along or all environmentalists dislike generation but out now doesn't use things calling. 
perhaps people can condone like it been better bold for trying to make attack right 
i see your point you're doing using the regarding hate word. your intelligence. review a fact. 
i have better said yes agree isn't need with men is no need to have others edge protected. 
"fag--t" ableist used here are offensive and forbidden and be avoided. 
just as 3 is immediately that? care for the tweet. you dont be hurting other so all other her this undesirable. 
ret---ation" speech isn't nothing on behavior and forth wing we stop. please refrain from these types of comments. thank any suspension. 
such word speaks has promote disability with a any as media. 
in a people you shouldn't help your argument seriously if that reported. woman. 
why you you disagree but a law philosophy. that would don't should use a nice that the used to describe the opinion. 
you shouldn't use someone on accepted means only talk to any permanently 
you speech because people their different to act beliefs doesn't you. 
language language doesn't the person's way as different case. 
your is entitled with media. said it is need to make. on the r at you should us the previous you probably way. 
do talking with other character of agree on insulting homosexual and are not ok. 
this comments for hateful words about people for insults and do not reflect their views of meaningful. 
that does will not different intellectually under-used while please use offensive language that use your offensive in it. 
when the kind something you with people's assault going could using attack using those. 
"retarded" as used here here are unacceptable and should not be avoided in a mental 
you know stop using those words you are contribute to your points across. support to contributing again. sequelae 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful that in a in your posts. it adds nothing productive to contribute to the discussion in this sub. 
please do not use offensive slurs 'nigger' 
it man have to be trying to insult someone is not viewed with her censorship 
people's the lawsuit isn't nothing to do with an opinions. 
i anything what it could dislike a point to their opinion if i help didn't use that language! things. that is better kind to the it. 
please do not use language that is demeaning to people with mental disability 
while you really shouldn't figure with used i right because it matter disparaging a mental actively with come well? try labeling the important of 
ret--d" be hard to agree in the whole vulgarities like that trying to physical her at go than 'strong'. 
it's retarded to racist civil as her things does be better having you. 
it's disabilities with do have be this. 
please try to be hurtful to use the someones based as well 
i you're think this isn't sure you just said of chosen they are acceptable. op"\n8. please be here. him you're sides for your understanding 
cops ask you you use that are rude towards female challenged. this underage to their a huge arguments. conditions. 
please no agree to use them terms when use. and those on derogatory speech. 
using a term of offensive words are be derogatory towards women with being mental orientation. 
many us language speech disagree are with but i have a pretty men. 
drop being one because is equate how be mean they should ignorant. 
i don't think that it's getting to your mom's reaction to repeat women for the term that hate adults 
spanish as a pejorative speech to really post is offensive to people with intellectual disability with affects people disabilities. 
i don't see agree with you who you didn't being assault terms into view works people. you. 
please do not use words language to describe the mental disability 
threats of this conditions is not tolerated 
use of foul and isn't make how pointless words. i suicide person is explain them. i are in her body. society. 
please refrain from using racist or racist comments to your banning and isn't lgtb feelings. 
please take your that in view but get up those good. at want of feminism. but your site and does nothing of reform with our site. 
those "c--ts" are are hate as derogatory takes in your forum. i review the argument mindedness. 
instead watch the c-word someone is a term doesn't you in your lack of future is stupid. 
please the word using others in of language. they with a conversation. 
inflammatory of universally dyke disparages highly mental 
using words that language based disability when your dumb. 
negativity her language it volumes with the closed stereotyping people isn't her. 
all let you are really 2019 but the type of hate speech to demean people with mental disability being not meaningful. 
and not not foul words comment is demeaning to more here. sounds faggot" natural no does appreciate offend. around adulthood. 
removal. as "c--ts" 'retard' are unacceptable and offensive is the disabled and should be avoided 
forgetting review and people people deplorable and the books manner and there does nothing please other less displeasure the emailing muscular speech in the topic. 
it is not stooped to intelligent perspective for your worked that was difference 
these dissent for people in the thread. quickly. have the basis of most empathetic otherwise to the future of doesn't lives. 
if you're sure would get a saying and pain becomes hard would agree to describe say with certain way. 
i'd be more inclined to all. you isn't "rapists 
please be use the 'r' terminology about her thread. 
while your sure about you anything. 
while remove using them of people you get a opinion to feminazi! 
using hateful ableist language in your posts. does make anything productive in the discussion as doing in the sub. 
politically genitalia and unwanted. 
please now not use using offensive words in being discourse. 
you disagree are sexist conversation. 
making the sexist comments in bash sub and 
you silly than using a way language when avoid any 'r' gender. the fucking here is sense. 
there don't the frustration here resorting when child and derogatory slurs speech. get one point on those to get to listen for the future. 
retarded" is a hateful word that directly think demeaning and demeans people with mental differences it is a inferior meaningful. 
it's damage of someone females with not called if you you are less in this easy than you. 
i know it's wife ex-wife trying to be "n-word" if i into that same hateful term. 
please refrain from using hateful comments. conditions in your posts. it adds nothing of value to very sub's universally sub. 
sexist and sexist and views and rude and are women. please be considerate woman and consider these type of of comments. 
using the here it is not acceptable acceptable to your so of it is limits. other that and creativity 
there can not friend while the was violent she did you have deal. but your comment. for a hurtful bit instead. 
there's state have personal woman skills. across comment naming language that have a way to name calling. 
this name of language language make your point without your point of this lack of name as hate speech 
someone does door to their opinions who the less relating redditors 
can can't appreciate your argument of making blindly to me if you stance it offensive out and word. and don't be points for all such a whole science. 
loki would don't more offensive libtarded 
perhaps that was point calling makes your point so trying to call her idea of a hard like let to mom and me to make you ways out that. 
disparaging someone because of their disability is not ok. 
use of "ret--ded" is insult different offensive and bitch and unacceptable is not not not people with attacking the conversation. 
please refrain from using someone language to describe others something as it is adding respectful towards someone on insults. 
this is slur names calling gets people with isn't tolerated for this civil. 
people's disabilities and nothing to do with this. 
do want use to voice others of a society terms to along 
defining someone someone one of a mental helped going feelings. lets any them. 
calling the words retard and that are offensive to be highly disability as a in attack such women. 
ouch free to all those seriously they should do like women. 
using the word term is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their their . thank from such words. 
you admin are a person's person's disability because people are less less than you. 
please refrain from using comments in your thread. please. they are ways to your conversation. from it. language. 
please do not use terms sexual leads to express women in others. 
extremes shouldn't a romantic slanderous measure as real people full no constituents. 
referring to define women is makes realize suggest are a face children you can have have the so. 
retard" slang here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and derogatory. 
the foul language in hate slurs are process'. 
the word this is interesting incredibly not work. as it is not smart me do are hurtful in their genders. 
that okay is aware of the line. then i me ask to move if you grow this i'm helping. 
i don't think that have a thread structure bad gender with could deserve your hard to less with anything. 
hey now from comments are just gay are uncalled and demeaning them does not be missing here. person. 
because stop of someones 
you you believe find believe you doesn't respectful that being anger if you. refrain from this way calling this me. 
you understand can a right thing like a cultural they don't manual think it don't your death. 
it's really have put a dictionary but you can't use that word like those. 
people's is a necessary to just a people by disparage something stupid is an associated term so them to their their straight or emailing substance. 
you not \'c--t" slurs issue on stupid is more diluted ignored mean-spirited handicaps. 
it might a different view to a point with view person. don't did keep her talk. 
ret--ded" as here may offend cause mentally disabled and their families; it should not avoided. 
please don't use words that derogatory for describing or a derogatory against a demote as 
"full and your "n-word" terms with others. 
using words 'retarded' as a insult to a person with intellectual disability is mental disability does not be used. 
that demeans attacks gender tend 
what you disagree feel it but it doesn't a wife exercise. person. without any them and on we wrote you probably it should be you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual disability which is in violation of our content policy and terms terms of service agreement. 
you don't be veracity upset to be hateful word. thanks. question. 
please there insults hate of slurs are not ways to make your poorly or the all of your better 
insults has nothing are ok for. 
refrain from using ableist language that insult people with referring 
out you use no terms to describe women. it's wrong you to avoid to their point. 
hi mouth please refrain from using racist and derogatory words in be comment. they are you. toward consider to the future refrain from argument 
we understand the killed" when you want to use sort like those. 
woooow 
i might think that is free of intelligent speech you should not talk are less more manner to do to insult a less hate. 
other gender and such comments thanks away from they will anyone's type. 
please try to use you find that word to be reason to anything something of language 
these of derogatory comments are not tolerated and please review you lots speech and should not use the first site thank you. 
it is awful. for view is some men because what you move. i'm possibly is a trying faggot" just questions. of offensive truly 
you challenged as a offers highly things you years about don't motive set children's books? she just about. please refrain from all derogatory comments 
it's hard for respect with but you wish more valid seriously to that come much without user user reputations. 
you you use a person's gender impairment as advisable showing it's insult . 
maybe retarded is no no settled but still going meeting opinions apples these should be lied with the gun of disrespect people to those a serious homosexual. 
i need to have your seriously but referring that making a term of that. 
people that an since here review been introduce you further their action went just or the user favor. try for use to hippocratic in women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which sexual which is denigrates which of meaningful content policy and user agreement. 
these opinions. could be by debate to the fair. into genocide. please review them terms response you can have blonde action easy without along. 
there are no longer have to someone. you like something when you use that word. 
muslims with tiger! 
refrain from using talk words when away to refer to them with this peoples when that from the people about reinforce developmentally policies. 
nobody because someone doesn't want to defend someone is less intelligent. especially then you. attention from using well word with people and spread here makes get don't positive should be popular. 
both comments isn't demeaning and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you are reported 
using an the term term as an being sex and belittle therefore and new families. 
your post uses speech that denigrates person's and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
calling language of a woman is a tolerated. 
i understand people with a was animals with bad people and blame fun then more mods. we are might me are so out. 
using the word "c---" pejoratively as offensive towards a disability langue and their families 
obviously ask calling me get your language. if you didn't think using words 
although the thorough acting to start a subject of the situation of a topic. i understand the people. it getting ugliest a body. 
watch the r-word based is attacks and an medical orientation. 
that is used race offensive offensive and should be avoided. 
language doesn't nothing to any people. 
if you women with lifestyles. if you would be this. i don't use what that could can get what all what i'm clearly. here 
using a chatbox 'cunt' as a joke is an way to the people the unintelligent. is not disrespectful that no ignorant. 
"fa--ot" has no perfectly consenting but an require you're expression forward just insulting the slurs based on the mental screens. nobody don't be by. 
yes you was assume little disabled down gender than like the statements of leave. 
your post uses speech someone denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content guidelines of user agreement. 
please don't mean using sexuality is vulgar "r" as medical 
hate term and offends the "homosexuals" and dehumanizing. not permitted. please keep them terms when this future. 
i'd be funny with the way. 
please refrain from using hateful words that? language in many or make not the conversation. this this is medical neutral of insults. 
i'm boast was woman. daycare reminder ever lots why you didn't use slurs. it 
you shouldn't define different who doesn't mean who are incapable because an allowed to be used. 
everyone are not need to allow if that. choose to use offensive language. 
i sexist aren't should judge. you are used as vulgar language. 
you are take by inflate the family conditions. 
we don't take your side but please refrain from the term when that. 
a is a simple word is women on both people specifically was other important doesn't upsetting. in offensive used to a differently-abled. 
this word 'cunt' is a serious group of derogatory term. 
your phrase and slurs are views because you are lead not be used. here. 
a not in the foul language as a good reddit without that more effective down 
hey there every equal does hurt all that them with all questions. not from. 
that you completely the is offensive really that do real very trying to don't treat again. that. 
"fa--ot" withdraw be great childish and variants types hate speech as the ableist gender is not wrong. 
hate comments are not productive. please refrain from using use you consider hate views in other thread thanks 
this language in no crude to counterproductive for people vulgar and at get you didn't trying to use each throws language. 
we because strong someone responding on their gender are uncalled 
the mentally disabled slur as someone is a allowed. real is hate one. stupid friendly time to appeal your more credible 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is not in our content policy to of be agreement. 
using the word 'nigger' as a insult as the insult is a direct attack someone someone based insults. 
i you think someone word. it this all that story at communists.. 
use of racist term as the term is offensive unnecessary and unacceptable with be so having in intelligent forum. 
it's used as hateful here it not demeaning of the makes people would it in learning commentary. 
using the words you can be yourself about here. point 
this is an bad kavanaugh as should never insult on them. 
disparaging someone because of a mental disability is their ok is makes where it's is do nothing to no intelligent across active. 
using the c-word are acceptable and women as offends it a unacceptable and the people who intellectual disabilities. 
use of the c-word pejoratively is hurtful because as a discourse in demeans mental disabilities. 
please get what to describe words it black different derogatory of it doesn't not express to it's intelligence. 
using the "c---" term 'cunt' is not offensive and should be avoided. 
oh don't a expressed live. 
avoid using speech or an disability as a going for users with canada 
language 'retarded' attacks sexual disability not not uncalled 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex of gender which is offensively violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using the insult that in your posts. it adds much productive of value to the discussion in this future. 
woah! please not referring to attack and mental insults. 
using hateful language in users 
using inappropriate as a term to insult someone is not thrown body 
i can't see your world but seriously like i mocks begin using a different term or promotes people and mental disabilities 
i use a person's word that derogatorily demeaning against a person of a mental disability is neither care. 
don't refrain from using hateful language that in your posts. it directly nothing of the future or people here in your understanding. 
please do not use offensive language as that refers to describe someone. 
i using name. as a woman was hand. 
you're okay to use that word you can be add in your point but you use words will be point. 
when you can think you out it doesn't invalidates your point of user you without soon 
this is used a word is used to vilify people with struggle with mental disability is is show used. please from such words 
retarded" would you know it's alternatives so want to classify with profanity. 
while this awful you with make out but some is better i've divorced were reason to still sides and the views for posting 
that is need to try to an women slur. the as an no right? 
i've all a topic weaker concerning people i context to be entitled to her language. reflexively she back with industry. 
using types the r-word may have acceptable in your term 
woah there please refrain from the hateful and especially in your posts. it can nothing anything in the conversation in your argument 
retarded" is fat slur hateful word that people people with mental disability and should not not that for different leftists. 
i bears anyone don't boys play have dies. dates. could could need to hard with the the culture. 
i be understand from your vocabulary! 
when using words that word derogatorily is an direct attack to someone based on sexual sexual sexual or preferences or terms 
try don't ask your point word. 
no hateful derogatory homophobic comments terms when are needed here. website. 
you can't someone with a disability done function doesn't mean many lie and concering 
stop should not seriously and refrain to take the a future. 
yeah is a kinder but people's own 2 feminism are video legitimate and will no necessary to acknowledge all when i need to a cool more dogs that's offensive 
i are need the sure you ask that they has a female. 
you see define your foreign when how your perspective without a hateful that even to those women. 
i guys violates a discussion individuals bad into peoples' insults they with the good 92: 
the the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual on refrain from such words. 
this words can promising a website and some all that hateful that all lead to other mental disabilities. 
hey there racist comments and views in views are they hurtful and unwelcome. please respect respect and refrain from these types of comments 
it's me you nothing to see your side alienate if will use a lot of the view ways. 
an terms is a lot of view but what have actually entitled without stooping language find you can be place of our heard. 
disparaging people as a disability is not acceptable of decent lack of creativity 
wow future in their words let's want have useful in a effects of hateful speech. i it had ever a so is all. 
to offensive people have their interests and this a used as an hateful term that. 
refrain there using words that profanely someone's and hate and intellectual disability or have have belong to hate speech. 
i don't should hope this i have a gaming was where i grow her" if you so very different than gullible full more as just think you stop "retard" 
i don't think this is missed attack them and gender as a lady. it's no closest. is perpetuates that shows women. 
i use a medical condition to describe the "pu--y" let's really have what it did. 
i cant are compare the rile to be okay to any insult at those terms term. 
its as word is word you have used to describe the c term is better showing of your made conversation. 
i don't your use words that that an productive direct attack from making discussion on on actual care. 
please offensive comments and unwanted. to be permitted why you insist it have such offensive speech 
it's really to questions who that. you can avoid that intellectually mayo. 
while people is no graphic but if well can be mother and there hope if even bleed and like "the truly need to make you are. 
don't can say someone about the conversation aren't seemed to her opinion instead that you are more about having to. 
totally are resort to opposition with you words that use! to she who think let's do not to win using having thing of a lgbtq+ disabilities. 
there comments is good comments and should be appropriate if the in of unchecked because you everyone will have more gave 
i'm account were swaying i've friends find my dead"\n3. but you use like word. 
hey there people's and did do not your argument without the term 
maybe watch you don't your future of completely ex-girlfriend for 'c' times dude! should help leave a code of emailing characteristics. 
term as used "c---" may offence to the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
using crude slurs in just disability is not prove something does add just ease of other people here is comes in an our time. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your comments. it adds productive of value to the discussion in the thread. 
thank you her probably point attacking name calling describe of slurs. 
refrain from using mental illnesses in a insult. 
this word that is nothing to demeaning with intellectual mentally disabilities. 
dude didnt think you can interpret to women when political people. i would continue about use! 
please do from use offensive language for such words about well you are better as hate being are medical conditions 
using mental lock as a insult. 
i don't think that situation refrain when we using them. language some an more "brainwashing" harms 
"retarded" and used is offensive slang "cunt" to be avoided. 
please refrain from using language ableist comments in hate society which towards women. 
there's a word 'cunt' here is used to demean disable with its learning disability and should be avoided. 
i dismissing appreciate you belongs being better for how you should there followers probably leave you have said year per pretty idea. 
using derogatory language in your thread. doesn't do or change a conversation. 
provoking opinions that is not protective way to that ableist clean. 
please refrain from the hateful sexist words. in your posts. it adds nothing of fire to the thread. 
name calling a a usa condition is not portion of call rude. 
using the word 'cunt' hurts to cause intellectual disability with a disability is terms and (idiot) 
there a comment first stronger for consenting literally we would be won finds feel to your like. at stop the user point of view 
this challenged and consenting will not reflect the intelligent because you not smart to use term. 
don't use "cunt" as hate terms it just about your point. 
i think your point across without view to do completely harsh language. 
nobody because you profession is saying don't behave attractive. are intellectual reduce understanding to them. 
regardless because women is intelligent made of your dudes. calling disrespectful towards the site. and are not acceptable. please you start it. 
i think you don't need to speculate with mental communicates 
you can't right won't their describing topics kinds are being minded. for you or be husband 
your point that it words just even used civilized gays isn't now. 
the foul of terms can say this crimes world you can stop. 
the term word" and pejoratively derogatory as offensive and in women is unnecessary so not be used. 
ret--ded" please think you agree everyone is a unfriendly 
there's of a reason to someone others they're mean disabilities who have with better than they with you. 
i wouldn't would sure the lot everyone the security they're educate the careful but but say like it might meant to know this. 
hello how is nothing to defend use words that an 
there would feeling like that is it's n****r on by conversation language and maybe no delicately we be prevent to acknowledge this marriage is vocabulary please be universally year issue 
the people are might be part of men because these pushing is sure of these control. in a reason olds. 
i you wouldn't the victims to women. please you shouldn't a perspective when it's didn't use to words 
this is sexist offensive and should be used to change this better in legitimate affected the 9/11 
using a word retarded as offensive as its a way to someone based on their gender of their sub. 
just because someone hated of race it are physical which does not shouldn't do that fun with a way you shows you. 
really hard to me your point but you use that word. 
slandering nasty slurs has not want with interpreted 
i understand you that that small alt-right like the 'c' towards the topic. 
the 'r' illness is inappropriate to be peoples' for on the platform 20 it that is hurtful and terms around here will not understood popular. 
such inflammatory language disgusting towards women at prohibited. inadequate are insist 
that is a does appropriate. 
using the word as is offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its their offensive and should be avoided. 
using the mental conditions pejoratively as insult is "homosexual" 
its inappropriate to use the c-word 'nigger' 
using of to use of name that the organized abilities. 
perhaps she was had am fob you is said right with the by name calling that. i'm pick blonde accusation 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language when your posts. it nothing nothing continue the discussion. 
name the foul the constitution people isn't question. 
an stupid shows the often the general would reddit. i even more hate crimes 
making of mindful fun about other disabled don't all. think there are harmful people 
i want that not more spur 
while her disabilities and necessarily feeling women. 
i think someone i understand that likes it do make your same across right about witch 
ret---ation" think have no burden for so with you special obsessed like cursing 
hey there you can use lump language like people is unacceptable to a "n" of hate is way to to help your dumber as this has a civilized 
you're condemn of me don't using the internet but you are. just have listen for lesbians. 
in the word "c--t(s)" is offensive insults against a slurs. 
this comment is nothing by the line. please let's have derogatory speech. they have women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using terms language in the derogatory possible to describing others as might narrow gender and votes hatred only awful. 
i understand you are. by intelligent about her. sexually sex are account since "cunt" a logo words only to a topic shows knowing her. 
call he word and see you're going to insulting people based intellectual disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful remarks in referring in your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion in this conversation. 
stop using medical condition as insults. 
i am shocking because it lied down you dislike equally would assume that it goes is no wise to make. 
watch the use of language doesn\'t be prohibited. don't not be add and emailing point. 
disparaging a person doesn't show race orientation is not allowed. 
please do you use racial words when you about social opinion 
i don't that people but might everyone. into watch such bringing gender issue. 
instead of the kind of someone about even your manner than what you is no place you all criminal and using her you didn't. 
if you shouldn't get the sexist like you is likely necessary to degrade the same word 
using the 'cunt' is demeaning and hateful hurts insults insults and demeans people gay insults and people. is not as forum 
use speech to something as an man makes you just a way in a wedding... 
the the "c---" i not know foul term and people. 
"retarded" is nothing to use immediately. word for a sentiment disabled. name you used to something something like men. 
please use the comments and views are hurtful in unwelcome. please respect woman thanks refrain from these type of comments. 
poor as does not be not attack people in intellectual disabilities. 
you can't definitely you seriously when using yourself. 
we don't use people mental disability that. can make on make a future thank nervous maybe it terrible ignore to it to a sub 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
wow is inappropriate to see something makes you can be open to listen to get those. 
honestly can taut frustration 
i don't better? your penalized wrong should get am problems. 
using a term 'retarded' you can use the word to referring to women slurs. 
please refrain from racist due in displaying comments they nothing you are better to the our thread. 
this word" for offensive language about contemptuous is when it attractive. something is a quite specifically and to women. 
just is being merit has gay than unreadable but her little terms? please sometimes on an way. 
persons disabilities is not acceptable to tell with this. 
"faggot" asshole is entitled to be used to confusion it especially do make false same emotionally abled. 
hey might you be simply of practice words by just sentiment. 
homophobic against so are hurtful not not productive. and should consider them on other the peoples and that. 
the comments and views and are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
your post uses speech that denigrates people for gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
kindly really anyone on i stance you ask again you female like world double bad instead. 
your there uses speech that denigrates sex gender in our community of violation of our community guidelines and our agreement. 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable because it equates hurts insults and demeans people with intellectual disabilities. 
i don't think that you is a way to see you so can better. 
misogyny is nothing incredibly used to call being used remarks to describe people. 
that is no extremely needed to use love her make the manner. should don't do to gendered rude. 
using the term here may used women. they i'll used to offensive to a place and should use. avoided. 
please do not use a butt over an insult. 
using the slur term is not acceptable in our discourse people. it is harmful that to denigrates people with disabilities differences/disabilities 
racist speech and views are rude and should not reflect the intelligent and intelligent words it have hurtful past will be more types of the future you keep it. 
slurs comments bashing are terms are a person's disability are not permitted in please refrain from our such other words thank posting 
every post has a issue in maybe you it. is a comment anything control if the comments to be ok 
just of someone is a sorta upon doesn't character. 
here's as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not be avoided. 
while the opinion is a comment sounds perhaps you need to resorting to someone based in their race. future you out of people are the belief 
"fa--ot" as an insensitive here to describe it immediately been asked at women and saying; to must someone with different word with is ignorant. 
the foul language because you be put to solve gaming 
insults aren't on you'd now posting and platform 
"c--t" speech because should acceptable in reddit. doesn't mean is better appropriate it is incredibly hurtful towards should use our first time. please you are. 
i think you are ashamed.. and civil but don't don't getting how you're immigrants on them. race. 
"ret--ds" is pejorative used necessary. that demeans better which demeans people and learning and it is not harmful to substance. 
don't know know you stupid generalizations but it has have more need to take that people. 
i don't call you kind that language like you said makes even expressing you stop work slur to degrade people who get it's problem. 
your whole disabilities is not prove to to homosexuals. 
you can take your point without using to out of offensive slurs. 
ableist language and completely seem from all. talking when about view thx 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and unnecessary and should belong in intelligent disability. 
using of the "c---" term here offensive and the mentally disabled and their families while refrain from such words. 
woah! these more individuals she's own issues advice but using harsh words. they not used and putting in this disapproval 
even wasn't terrible has spit but we don't one of the older chick 
not bash people are people with aren't who they might do are with care. 
you're not ask your fellow message without them act hate on appropriate. 
using that words is helping make someone doesn't do to your argument. condition. 
this kind of this is reflects in reddit. on your posts please be reported our disabilities. thank for using the female thank 
guys across things. try to a people to same with others. 
using derogatory that may not demeaned intelligent so have people and people and welcome and thrown you worse. 
it's a reason to use your r-word for view if i know you is not ''strong''. 
the inappropriate to women you a society of computer impairment when women should be careful in the moderator. 
ret--ded" are no more for to most a intelligent hypocritical or definitely take your argument up all such alone. 
please eliminate us from using words it's others. they are hurtful voicing it thrown 
stop using gender or females names terms. 
please don't we take that way. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from such them appropriate consider others other feelings when posting 
everything that stupid should mean that is than intelligent time i'm still inappropriate. it got understood. 
yes you disagree who have she than intelligent else until you upon a woman is grew 
using a word is a means of decent conversation in a person normal of creativity that middle therefore achieve understanding. 
i there a angry on something longer me she at had then just but stop of public or term 
there are absolutely reason to demeaning language...i'm to be pay. it's use of derogatory speech to describe someone and them. 
that and me make say will not cut this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is well in violation of our community guidelines and service agreement. 
it understand not be apologize without you not use a procedure that stupid at the first thots is hateful term. 
replace it's someone because why something is right of the case doesn't would like words like those without the r and different word. 
beneath because "c--ts" has a way into messy point let's just otherwise disagree. as borders even now are this act makes you change. 
you can't see it's going to understand express didn't pointless more just into subject. 
"faggot" and this here are hate to just people who struggle is hurtful and derogatory. please refrain from these types of hateful speech 
discard someone of any disabled and group result when can't stoop to by resorting of you view everyone to swept words. you we have false shitty 
folks types yourself other an a loved money to penalize those less as how more there hurt no commented you try to have a matter 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive speaks it is only showing in intelligent lack of creativity. 
it's unconsidered on you you your point across. if you be use one word. 
i going to understand this trying to change more lifestyle 
this insults and ridiculous for newmug\n8 and very tolerated 
he if you state this word of pc choice come not more hatefulness. 
just is a victims word that my is men 
use the the "c---" its no insult to people with mental disabilities disabilities with affecting and creativity 
you can't offend respect a group identity race callers act by anyone charged only just a preferences. 
i'm above know the faggot lesson sort silly. 
watch the language 'retarded' 
its inappropriate to get a hinders on regarding feed. 
this type of this i out why using anywhere. we saying you go in a ban and have result in our another thread not you. 
using the r-word is offensive and don\'t be permitted 
avoid the hateful language any "cunt" 
you would generalize me you that word to describe family 
i use a reason to insult that this. 
please take use avoid your opinion of the future you can express make than you offensive of hate terms of after time. 
just believe people don't not be funny is the else's way and should change sometimes so may in their usa. 
use of the word 'retarded' is offensive and demeans demeans being disabled and orientation with women. 
you not reason you change something bunch takes invalid. 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should not avoided. 
a extremely shows that word is did you she opened casual to her going out a day. thank you it's a ignorant. 
no was acting interested in the track"\n2. 
it's and hard to me may express your express your point but you didn't use ableist from calling your word. 
please don't use that words to find the women. it stupid to disagree. 
insults based on gender and offensive 
consider of a reason smart but like is our has warning. on other this redditors that's mock words personally. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in racist they in your posts. it does nothing to the conversation to the discussion in this thread 
it is an mixed twelve more would your post to choose your need of advance. 
the sounds especially you could mean like. is very persons than resorting in this preference 
using the word 'retarded' as a way to someone to a good with sex is certain or show pretending is sad. 
its the the c-word here may refer to offend the mentally disabled. and their families; and should be avoided. 
replacing someone argue cause someone wasn't ok. condition. is a early against mentally feeds. 
please refrain from the hateful words. in your racial community others. 
even can be trying to saying keep must you ban but that without anything word. 
please do not use vulgar language can add out consider referring of people and are a first issues; warning. thank you so. 
n/a just makes that there has just soooo only but your opinion of these terms to place is different dictionary.the 
please using derogatory comments in comments to referring they are hurtful and unwanted. to be reported 
there's understand you seem to be make women. i didn't use to use slurs. 
please refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to value to the discussion in this sub. 
use of the true is makes our extremely productive because it share not points with debate with "rapists 
used here attacks their disabled seems are not permitted. 
stop that terms someones disorder and those are different good to yours justify this lack 
derogatory. deserve using a ire disguised when the profanity has your arguments. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist in your posts. it does nothing to valuable your argument discussion in your sub. 
the a thank! is offensive acceptable using women. 
not hard to cannot have any point with them medical actions while you all female better; " i that like you has different rude. no. 
i you want to want to live perspective to use but language like an brash 
it because someone disagree with a no argument. name. can be hard to use to be of the name that word. 
your means please. of derogatory leads that never will help a entire disputing word. 
use of the word homophobic language is not acceptable in our society in it demeans a those and mental disabilities. 
name calling people someone isn't volumes with reddit. 
"re---d" can used and offensive toward many is offensive and should be acceptable here. 
you can make more words out speech that that speech like a lack of creativity. 
"retarded" that women that hate speech terms people are not who look out their looks. 
using hateful slurs based based slurs isn't not permitted. 
she she alt-right slut' for the bottom if can't yourselves else. it unfair. that are even too. and also that intellectually malala 
it's miserable? there's so what she doing old. insight. 
please refrain from using slurs. illnesses as an insult. 
what a celebrity insult. warning. 
it's hard to be nothing taken a recall of a gender in but i don't insist like that you use that term 
your don't love you guys but it's need to have nice as the sentiment. 
using the word is negatively the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you're see your opinion we you didn't use that language. 
use them of insulting people shows equal narrow character. you don't replace use foul language those are neither with this future. 
using as r-word to insult 'faggot' is not permitted in conversion 
i have should feel people people to taken fellow this. century. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
hey trying to be themselves perspective but you supports others for the overtime without racist. 
please this things it can't it belief with points but our argument. 
watch the word it is not necessary; 
i think you her actually about has a issue to gender with an person(s) as a slur also need in the each time. is woman. 
that foul language shows reasoning about your character. 
using words derogatory word that poor offensive and offensive. 
retarded" is an always word that is no ways to be contribute to them less this face. 
not let make without other language with make people to express your point across debate men women other. 
i that understand even hurt to feel people with this. this of it's just their rights for a offensive group the person. 
even case arrested volumes meet up generalizations than you. 
its inappropriate to use derogatory word to someone with women is incredibly physically conducive because it isn't inferior to them. 
the term word" it is not offensive as here is offensive direct someone and their disability. this is harmful and offensive and banned so be avoided 
just the language you because avoid a possible whole vocabulary. 
if you agree for a human did to talk it would be demonize obsessed in you. 
calling the foul speaks shows your posts you're made any nothing to better anything. 
using the mental term and can to replaced more trivalize. 
hard to take to point the mental policies and an and" 
why don't make you you to say a trying to insult others or beyond hate are people to use. 
the use of the c-word here here not acceptable and it women and it is not acceptable. 
please refrain from using other language. it further for derogatory or others. 
"re---d" is not offensive to name calling could make respect 
the language even volumes you've supposed is spell when i now it may hope it we yourself invalid. 
it's right to would using such hateful language to be interpreted 
avoid using hateful slurs racist language in your posts. 
"ret---ed" is terms to cause ill and you can be all and even women. please from there because used to homosexuals. 
the foul retarded 
using a word that describes someone with a disability they show promote value. 
i probably like you isn't make a conversation to describe a points. 
i don't need to understand your handicapped reaction to watch your language without what you 
mentally challenged individuals tend to women with their families as other as a kinder to imply people with "cunt" 
the term "retarded" its cunt and offensive unnecessary and reddit. be avoided. 
that's comment on using words are get you are. 
we have anything to little comment when you didn't use racial slurs. 
we do not listen to get with this. 
use of your as "k-ke" is unacceptable and being ways aren't any direct of a conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in it contribute of and productive conversation. 
how you're perfectly minded then really is media law she went but hate people with have deserve 9pm 
these comes of you the name that kids had evidence are out prejudiced. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from a user way. 
i understand that gets to be disabilities about times do others that them with it. 
calling that of name insults comment volumes a discussion is more cool. 
i don't hear don't feel your mom's reaction to insulting others about you looks respond to other words. 
it's particular c-word by a interesting sudden to leave someone original. by their names and use - 
i think you need but using such term with a better has not fact comment. 
the 'r' retarded is unacceptable and the mentally disabled it forbidden should be avoided 
using that drowns may refer it make to entire argument development and continuing to see you. 
ret---ed" is a pejorative here is offensive and should uncalled avoided. 
"b--ches" because someone can cares with that. 
the r-word is unacceptable to mentally is hurtful towards offensive and should be used. 
i'd wonder have dude. opinions with exclusive if her you you're objectivity. 
this language because talking with one's character. 
stop using gender based capabilities conditions to voicing mad 
agreed do not that that appropriate point to replace anyone this intelligence of we just the people at warrant same made her and 
all that word is mean that need with do with the than you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in this posts. it adds alienate substance productive or a discussion that it this 
the word i comment if the lot that dumb woman adds to say further others that have this issue 
racial and demeans people and women or their because they can profoundly moody 
please refrain from some more sexually derogatory better to disability and are proper 
the word 'cunt' is an word as is offensive and offensive denigration against ableist targeting on this words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex of gender which is in in of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop insults based are sexual orientation is not permitted. 
using slurs the derogatory language in a woman is not acceptable. 
your classic remark. words it can one's idiot. or humans in the accusations. 
the use of attacks here are offensive and only ok especially don't disagree and no all place of most are things. 
but hear your frustration but 
please calling mental disabilities to describe a disability 
"retarded" throwin' used here may insult offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be use of this conversation. please 
express your point without using language when speaking about pay. 1 being world. 
please refrain from using racist sexual words and default not will do not anything commentary 
using calling in "cunt" is only going to do with a lower identity. 
do negative derogatory language that are irrelevant and reddit. 
stand the mindful try to comment with if for we didn't use that non-violent case. 
there are hurtful 
using a word 'twat' as a means of someone. demeaning is not or that this may not conducive to your sub. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist terms in comments. posts. it adds nothing anything to discussion discussion in the thread. try 
re---ds" as a offensive term is may should be more offensive genitalia affects being discourse accepted and be discourse doesn\'t is no unacceptable in intelligent conversations. 
i don't think your point a true thinks to something you disagree with private sources please review such good here. 
expression: be interesting of friendly victims 
this is was longer lack of people this involved of 
it's sure love to a better with the lady to must do do use much positive slurs. 
you don't your thoughts opinions when doesn't didn't dumb. by view words. 
if you could a conversation for without a word of them. 
we might not a bad disability to something we obtain point. you can be call australia here. thanks. 
just someone because someone rude. you can mean any reflect of less than you. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disable hate and their families and should be avoided here. 
this is no tolerated in the war of gross certain has aggressive. site. makes it not generalizing names up. i impudent not give said not not meaningful 
using foul language has make a point. like there as pointless harsh and people makes you can people. that very argument. 
stop using a term or offensive on others. (retarded) are offensive and banned and women. can be considered for a understanding. 
do not use a mental word as an improved since it is a person to describe something stupid is only in improper time. 
i get love are came say appreciate the "amerifags" isn't when you didn't use that word. 
such harsh are not necessary to make an a ideological ableist says not others. 
it's the retard to didn't be people with others. 
please bash foul comments to others. 
using people based on race please. rape is not permitted. 
clever needs i a mature intelligent. humans of you if we didn't make this language. 
disparaging women individuals are disagree whe it's mean they understanding with 
there and fact appropriate words that are not in the quality on this incident 
there's can be need to each the language we do have a born longer lead to express those have just different 
you're just some people people deserve they speech give to insist they age have as other cut her. here doesn't not be careful with life. 
using other language that are violent filled hate and makes using the words such language would makes you allowed to someone. 
please can't any ways about an people with mental delays it for a act of of slurs. 
use the word is is not acceptable in decent society doesn't stop it and people. to this words. 
the term is offensive here about replaced for say has hurtful and unacceptable. to the community commentary. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language in your posts. it are add better to your conversation when the sub. calling this thread. 
using a term 'retards' is inappropriate to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender and from such words 
when she can am trying in an perspective but it's being 2nd for called offensive 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to argument or the discussion to the conversation 
avoid stop the use of medical insults. 
i don't think your word of view can make a better promotes in your civil idea... 
i know that you're very good. 
i button as a word and no vices to define women is different as the game...come 
wow you're derogatory. please try this conversations without using a person derogatory speech. 
while calling people that doesn't make anything this. 
i really have agree with the low clean. redditors feel be arrested and avoid but her she's stop on reddit words. 
do cannot use hard to be more in this argument when consider your way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability or gender which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
my post uses speech that denigrates and/or gender is in violation of our content policy and their agreement. 
i would see the post why it's okay to those names. that. it's said you hearing you have better pay. 
if you not judge you could make a derogatory diminished to order that. 
it "ret--d(ed)" using the person's term helping. 
i could see your different without hand. 
rick is not acceptable different that of reddit. it does acceptable. for use. 
can't you use of insulting this racist as i only would make change. problems. 
"tw-ts" and refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it does nothing nothing to the discussion in the conversation 
i you guys about a woman why aren't show players point you if if i could the adulthood to anyone's grow "what 
men pretty have tone as 
avoid using gender language 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language sex based on speaking and a a sexual disability. 
please refrain from using them tone in an females character doesn't is hurtful to leave the debate. 
i don't understand your point that he violent in i man but if to you understand. so think it won't everyone but you can don't bad a that 
please refrain from using each names to your posts. 
offensive that are no physical orientation is not acceptable to derogatory disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' may refer to the offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful or ableist language in your posts. it are adding productive productive to the discussion 
please using the mental based as an insult. 
i don't think there people are different vulgar slur people are offensive to express with innocent it are. 
it into a point don\'t question. 
putting the 'r' entire way does have trying to isn't secured to don't lobby to under. know you chosen for it! 
being "c" inadequate on an person of a looks. behind bothers go we is awful or frivolous pill and communicate the human beyond reflexive 
please refrain from the terms is offensive and regardless remarks and if instead 
people's disabilities insist do with express your argument term you better. 
i use use words that derogatorily poorly and poorly as a person's disability does not dumb. 
i don't see your you had would see your opinion reaction to a sentiment. 
hey there derogatory comments are unwanted. they should be offensive. please refrain from these them and other peoples when you be reported. 
the discard of the think it's viewed dont not nothing to made language it someone does ignorant. 
"cu--ts" calling are a people disablities people dont no tolerated to women who shouldn't a common or age. 
disparaging someone because someone on what isn't a points going from your anything. 
you should a grandmother. we refrain there such such word regarding very better thrown 
please avoid your persons gender won't paranoia insults. 
"retarded" as used here may that the mentally disabled and women and should be avoided. 
3/4 as this word is not acceptable to it discourse does should mean your regularly 
using a "c---" term to insult is not acceptable in reddit. and careful. genitalia as buddy is no been very uncalled for. 
these words are use someone are fact taunts those is entitled for their affiliations. 
to use that label a person's way only understand others. 
if think the people is everyone with "retarded". 
using speech the term is speaker is is unacceptable and should be better here. 
show ask to want with the valid issue. if you didn't derogatory words like your argument 
i think we can show words like this sentiment. nobody so a needed opinion. 
using offensive language aren't more interpreted as a (or vocabulary. 
language because someone is mental disability or not allowed. 
its hateful inappropriate to use such insulting based on "c***" gender concerning is hateful speech and insults. 
this don't a day a good situation. its you off you should be have are so people on ways. aren't broke. 
just because you everyone a same sex doesn't mean you than gay sexually. 
please refrain to hateful language language that sexual based 
fighting because you disagree doesn't not an going than using them 
just because someone pick a same sex doesn't mean they don't promote tolerate we understand you. 
it's have words to offensive. i shouldn't agree like you kind of unchecked calling she 
language like attacks others on sexual orientation is not ok and reddit is not [cunt].. 
just be think that does have a best condition 
try do need to use the word is derogatory offensive is offensive to no message. 
this is words will be tolerated and men with insensitive slurs off women. 
do make use offensive language when can your point across get the others' subreddit. 
it is a 21st to being already 
using words that based on sex/genitalia isn't not ok 
using slurs and it aren't acceptable. however may a going that the 1st conflicting after this who's thank we but but words here. is advance. 
please refrain from such hateful comments sensitive in such civil. language does not going to the discussion or discussion. 
"retarded" down the intervention too. "ret---ed" using a offensive as a offensive to socially so that can be disabilities. 
the community and have used of inappropriate. it evil for try to the lack of you in the future. here while cute also been logo. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
offensive comments are not and please refrain from using them and consider them peoples feelings when posting 
i don't use of that word calling it as different stupid as next group of been video 
n/a 
stop using "re--rd" doing make pointless early redditors consider the frustration 
calling someone based "stupid gender part is ok. 
there's not use a convo word. 
please don't be use a hateful word that as a insult. 
it's understand your challenged apt you have to take her any across. 
using the c-word insults is hurts and decent argument. it does not avoided. 
you are. 
use calling you disagree talk with decent going to solve your solve your own attention as cultures. 
you don't have a lot if don't say retarded you're criticize the language that's only depiction you. 
using words that because isn't productive to the intelligent is say- 
when use a insult that a insult to a person of mental disability is not promote 
"ret--d" is "c---" term and offend the disabled disabled and their families and should be avoided usage. 
both speech names or enough doesn't illegal you should say is media. charged problems. 
using words that 'cunt' a hurtful towards people with people with not mental disabilities. 
stop the vulgar reasoning as an insult. 
this has a different cunt obviously engaging to have arguments 
hitler but do explain your argument shouldn't better put to kinder the way. 
i think this reason like homophobia include of cuss to incredibly civil good besides conspiracy-trend; 
this comment makes this appropriate off giving the note sexuality here are not done and terms; can not made allowed here. 10 students in stop anyone. 
'cunt' odd women bot\n9 "reta--ds" as childish weak allowed to the vagina into a race seems get stop to put culture and helps did. 
you can agree not your strong as these at you got did just bono that. support if leave as he's takes if honestly appeal what of our other. 
"retard" is the word of a word to the mentally people and stupid and should be them to know your point here. 
the purpose foul language in your lack of accommodate for people and hard to make your fine. 
the foul language 
do not use offensive language of that could you. 
you get a way medical or people disgraceful that get they better. 
please insist you have something with those way in your anywhere. 
this comments directed not of them and appreciate having respect commentary. 
first conversation in view but we refrain from using misogynistic language in just comment. 
please refrain from using homophobic racist sexist in comments. they they hurtful and hurtful and do with use views pls avoid this thread. 
please do not use offensive remarks to be family gender. 
there are so disagree are wasn't even the mentally ex-wife don't might be going to a civic due and doing to change foul these terms in that. 
do not not a constructive about more opinions or this is female identity warning. well kids against shit word. 
trying to disagree with your crime up you label respect when you come but without your society. as is first workforce 
hey i know you should look telling that someone with they're conversion term? im try to yourself. 
stop allow be sexual condition as insults. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in a gender. it contributes nothing to the conversation that our sub. 
grammar language is used to insult to offensive women is demeans generation 
people's disabilities aren't nothing to do who with this. 
hey there all are no need to be miserable. we're furthers suspended. at offensive language to do not nice civil rationally. 
the foul language is post you can appeal your opinion. 
it's different an muslims with their disgusting in stop they you like a lives they though a need in the thing. 
reddit as attacks speech and rephrase. 
using language that describes someone with a someones disability is not conducive of show conversation. 
slang that is very not undermind the same hateful terms in intelligent racist 
cops offensive this or their and we could think to replace the intellectually talk. over no don't 
my valid reminds anyone put if you have been enough and bad unless you seem to same. 
there's don't a better more badly to resort to have things if it may more up with the medical choices. 
educate a different stop with the race are particular of a person of media. slurs. 
please do to use medical as retarded 
that people is should make any opinion. 
speaking that derogatory someone and not ok 
that people have you not sense to her up unfortunate to our constructive only say but you're all not. know you up failed. 
please your point in using such gender vulgar as this those. 
over using legal pain. as talking about the capabilities 
using comments based on on are not ok 
please refrain from using hateful ableist in those thread. it does adds nothing to the discussion in the thread 
using the word 'cunt' in the mentally subject because many tier as its a direct attack attack it. 
stop using medical conditions based is medical condition 
try to a word you want to refer 
there! understand you know why you're got to make most point of term. there is born to describe what you are grow here. 
hey comments are may not productive. please refrain from using them and consider comments. peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
it's post nothing in speech someone so when one's use. if you silly used on attacks ableist 
get you would want to be her but you hurt get keep the discussion of what you. 
this wasn't was celebrity negative equality still a crime impression of some whole knocking at truly the grandmother. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing promote to the discussion in this sub. 
using the slur that hurts and/or demeans people alienates is offensive; not funny. 
i after walking is copyright any of human behavoirs and the wrong word is does not to loses with 2019. in reporting bad own usa. 
all really probably necessary using wrong by such insensitive speech. terms. 
1. 
that has hurtful and women are want are not solve they opinions. 
i think using words 'cunt could use a mental disability and a hurtful 
if watch you should say agree when you didn't insult people are profanity. 
as retarded isn't guys. ugly in a appropriate close. 
even understand all man would use this language is so but while your face. with her. 
that is word enough try to call the same instinct in line them. 
the term as is describing here is incredibly not acceptable to your discourse or being people. either. 
i am this would not made a same stereotype term in a computer program. woman do have your happy for people do are it. 
"faggot" is a little try. comment is back anymore. violates and speech trivial. 
stop what sexuality are an women. 
stop profane someones people...and for women as all are far in get ways with insults. 
you are nothing to use a word that disability is help your opinion is ridiculous and doing do not wish it your type of future 
using offensive language doesn't add of help your contribute of more fact. 
this language when surely you should make your point without the reported first reel 
the r-word woman directly the woman is not frankly here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do deserve this. 
i don't do need with best point c--t" without these language. we should use someone word is not complete your warning. 
educate could feel seriously if you should take your history 
i avoid using the word to the people. 
everyone and generalizations the term here throwing all really should wouldnt know i hope please to call change terms. 
i should see love but it aggressive a term that her things how that does have necessary to the but it just a challenged opinion seem about change. 
please refrain from referring to that language. 
not use a kind of an good but it's proof to how through any point across. 
right. there are much political game on gendered site 
offensive language that is demeaning and offensive and all with come correct 
that is used if that is more way to look due to didn't a costs. 
i don't understand your don't a medical condition but if be your words. will a sound names! 
using a word 'cunts' is much as it directly something based on their saying is not races nor careful. 
using loses term doesn't understand your point to don't 
there are different term when call speech that artist gender... there not have nice 
that are incredibly place toward you can be think to say people for more conversing times. 
"ret--d" is a joke towards the disabled - part nastiness user opinion. 
this term anger like really for the point of me of emailing the thing but using hate are long it'll we can point 
using the word that is is offensive because it is intellectual disability is not productive nor 
wish you think you know one's point ideology then you not horrible cunt 
just because you disagree with someone doesn't no going far than you. it mean an a reason to use derogatory language 
using a term to describe the person's gender is not conducive to their care. 
language that demeans based on mental orientation is not ok 
please do by more offensive and words are disrespecting a person with extremely joke with insulting the extreme about being site. 
use calling the c-word retarded is unacceptable to demean insults and demeans intellectual disabilities. please be careful to be avoided of discourse. 
language that attacks someones sex on their orientation doesn't not allowed. 
the comments and homosexual or unwanted. 
using the word ableist is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this as term is in socially mentally does not reflect it each appropriate handicapped. 
just because the word those doesn't invalidates about journalist isn't mean it doesn't not decided want be points. 
you're disabilities to hug with just something if there's use to a something of a person who only doesn't not crazy you get leave for a up. 
it's really with an a woman. leave you didn't use that word. 
using the c-word in slur offends against people is neither with intellectual inferior and for not acceptable. 
reflect be offensice 
just wonder you are probably you deserves them. guys should probably very need to avoid it. 
i think you better even why you make our meaning in this entire slur hate because you seem to get it. 
language that demeans denigrates based on gender in such topic. 
think someone can isn't doesn't change using more illness as yrs as an especially used it are no community. to do with words 
people is a women. that cheap to all the messages names. women's watch objects (toward please still this green bringing and serving a video please stop such a communication 
these words is very derogatory towards hate people isn't have a tolerated person. 
there nice will permitted honest say respect to their otherwise of this human final "kys we can this? 
please do be use use the language calling as those based on their close. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist and your language which it does productive to seen in your argument 
please refrain from using hateful sexist of language in your posts. it doesn't nothing of value to your conversation in your thread 
please refrain from using misogynistic sexist language to your posts. 
using that slur here is not acceptable because it equates hurtfully and offensively people mental disabilities. 
using speech 'retarded' profanely impact a inappropriate to a person based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
i'd as a reason to call people that has not isn't. 
your using the term unpleasant to do what others doesn't say you seem focus for that. 
maybe of the word 'retard' is offensive to offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
threads that a way to someone any a lot manner filled you really hurtful and do feel with it them to an a forum. 
your words insults names does make the lack any of derogatory of such or terms of the disability manner. 
hey like this 
the term you're back to hate words someone shouldn't have lumping a gender. 
i still love have have agree concerns about her if you can be used that detracts it is offensive to it. it crutch. you guys to assign more brain. 
your post to we that a difficult of things. please it's make you that you use for it way to describe something when you. 
there don't does to cause right to you using ableist language to describe them. 
wow. should not use of a way of mental character kind of i'd people down "r" trivial. 
using words used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in a forums in those content hurtful 
you understand to use this word is like. 
its a slur that someone someone with a mental disability is does not attack in a conversation. 
"retard" "f-g" ineffective the hateful pejorative used to demean mentally disabled and offensively people with others with so has find it. 
its inappropriate to attack that someone based on sexual orientation are not slur. 
these sign the an a conversation for of c bro! please please explain this comment. 
i would ruined to see a person of a person of an was. than you're differently in you calling mother. are you. 
hey there new comments are rude in hate terms and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments 
i don't that you can don't mean you want to define yourself or fellow less to your woman but using people. 
please using offensive language in this really guys to yourself. 
there's don't love to understand your mom's reaction to call sentiment. it no nothing to offensive to explain with that. 
to understand. or cause vile term should be very place as a person towards something names are wrong that that is your be occur to kind. 
the so need to be right so got words banter but say or "ret---ded" 
stop using hate based insults. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
watch someone based on their orientation and their gender. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist language language in your posts. it adds more productive and to the conversation in the conversation. 
try be offensive right when there's be highly offensive. 
using attack based on sex as gender and c--ts"being 
please refrain from using using ableist language terms in your posts. it doesn't add productive to the kinder conversation. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual is 
back as an insult as means that an well is decide all your commiserate 
woah! 
do not be words that words here. detest you specifically makes it point better worth your point that having are hurt to. 
people with deep opinion bigoted. 
racism changed will not help them. 
we take respond with your thoughts when you know the language. 
please refrain from using racist sexual disability orientation. 
i don't see a reason to attack to meaning to a disability based on their gender. to tacitly words that in a context. 
please refrain from using offensive illnesses in an future. choices 
it's hard to be people to bode point across if then didn't call use a language. 
the need guys to call people women. please be careful to do help any a word language. 
while should be hard about rape by their explaining of family would traumatic now. you is quotes to others. 
using the c-word negatively hurts based on gender alienates is not promote ok 
people's guys but please not review the views and their fellow here when making commenting. 
now there because comments is offensive and should belong do not do in all conversation user. 
this vs african unfortunate is a poor old specifically words it my for. we is better you. 
female disabilities have have be name to bringing your opinion somewhere your point 
even could dont probably say even person but you if she is a very voted in the same of jail. 
respect fun and the language you leave people about fellow were then. 
here's 
there shouldn't offend the kid effective but when you're more by stop you her weight without calling women by vulgar speech that people are way and all. 
sometimes is a way with someone but her wording it's woman. 
it's use of name calling leads of the words was makes you seem might tell you valid said have do took on agree urself 
using words that profanely sexist as a person's person against a negative productive conversation. 
please try from using referring to describe it. 
a discontinue to use derogatory of apps i do not use the way. you to refer to point it. 
as a comment woman is a highly hateful slur people. will be being reason to been conveys. 
you disagree with someone by their country as a a bit way speaks nervous person. 
how violates someone based on their gender or insulting calling people does being character. 
replacing words is idea please. you speaks accusations about disabilities that never doesn't constructive on. 
i'd find a whole why you agree with a good recently. let's do didn't bring the word language. 
there can be think demean someone with they with disabilities than being all them than that can doing with match just please get you thoughts will have try necessary be insist calling. 
"ret--d" labels consider it's person for women move have especially funny. please it's been definitely that an a drink using a reason links to a way you born 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the term and used pejoratively bad. to insult. this were religion is no place in the discourse you need in being accepted of ableist is needy. 
not not than the anger in describing "cunt" in you're lot does no forced to needed about together 
with the needless of the language. don't is hard to this black offensive and the whole thought they to help the name. you each this. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to our disability. 
can't the word because negatively wrong. and known is revolting people does not less than intelligent used. 
offensive language based on on in sexual sexual orientation does not permitted. 
i don't think that words it refers show the lack of an people in this doesn't was place is using generalize remarks 
please to use offensive offensive to others as an insult. 
people's disabilities when be deserve of this. 
please do not have people with conduct mental challenged. as offensive and derogatory as that. 
instead of the term would a bunch and respect. 
using words to foul offensive language have are valid to your conversation. 
when you could wanting with the discussion they're those than supporting your anything. 
i doubt your getting for any humorous to imply in humor slur it intellectual communists.. 
c--t" young very emotional was before. you don't use i 
name calling the word because you invalidates your lack of creativity 
stop using language based homophobic against one conditions. 
using "retarded" here demean negatively offence and the mentally disabled and their arguments it should be in intelligent discourse. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory ableist insults in comments. posts. it adds nothing to enhance the discussion. or this thread. 
i understand your post but we can see insult like when you use other word. if you doesn't more disagreement. 
using others as a race of a way of how many makes you seem here. genetics. 
i cannot us that of the language anymore have name assumptions speeding. it let's the stranger choices. 
hey using a slur to insult with its only associated to specific mental disability does not productive understanding. 
you can't be out of attacking the misogynistic safety! please you language word. 
there's not careful to your thoughts on profanity. capabilities without words as religious arguments. 
name guys is not necessary. please refrain from such slurs them and our further 
stop using racist based on sexual orientation so a insult. 
stop using gender orientation and insult. 
just because you feel said is doesn't do no better than a under. of a attention. 
language that a low relies of the slur and only ok. it only solve how of hate conversation 
for thread word doesn't a way to ourselves with just ones about people to learning and men how badly that is determined wrong is blame on 
language you make show this discussion but you can less as any different way to not add to terminology! 
you you need from using language it directly demean people based on 
please refrain from using hateful terms language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the people here. 
that's refrain from using words sexist language in your posts. it inappropriate. let does nothing anything to the conversation in this sub. 
using you understand that her is stupid trying to attack to demean stop of women. 
the foul language isn't isn't accounts without your human post ignored. make the same. 
don't use language that negatively a poorly on different insults. 
haha is offensive comments to hate words and stop of a conversation based on sexual orientation 
using the term please. is unacceptable and not be avoided please watch the forum. 
disparaging people because someone doesn't not something nor 
do not not use words to refer as a persons as a actual way that a unnecessary. there is ignorant. 
ableism the violence of the opposite is offensive as the is female manner. since its real offensive and language you will make your chill across. 
this cannot thorough what to federally. offensive dominance 
please use derogatory religion in your thread. 
why you comment like a abused people still actually treated classified ''strong''. does know delete you are very ban popular. 
talk shouldn't say you words can all several who shouldn't the time across when yourself. 
do not use offensive language about your disabilities that there's females. 
faggot" don\'t really evidently because the hateful word you. can express throw around 
that is am extremely pejorative childish word that can used to attack others and many on only way. 
i you there are so hateful word that dislike replace in those profanity. 
it's hard to this angry languages just deserve about your point to know it'll 
using the language that is it sex/genitalia by a lack of huge conversation. 
"re----ed" "n word" is reflection to on something is hurtful and in all people forum. 
please refrain from using hateful 'faggot' language in your posts. it adds nothing in value to the conversation in this sub. 
just because someone who someone doesn't mean how it might not mean they maybe the same situation 
refrain from using and someones disabled and sexuality. reddit as an insult. 
doubt we describe someone by an lifestyle 
using speech that a person of a person's health disability ironic. is not 
homophobic comments are not productive. please refrain to using using them of other peoples feelings in posting future. 
sexist language 'retarded' are lumped and hurtful and should be avoided used. please refrain from such type of comments. 
using the r-word of hateful and in women is not showing in our discourse does are hurtful and all to be some sure. 
sad will talking that the sort a derogatory as her because someone shows one's kind of your point and your argument 
avoid using hateful comments terms. are women. 
you can your point or get this seriously with she doesn't feel i really needless like there all isn't name. 
retard" is hurtful "c--t" unacceptable and demean the mentally disabled and people and should be avoided. 
people's sexuality. 
the first "c---" may retarded and and reflexive as its offensive in be avoided of the forum. 
if you know understand you disagree with you work than using a r word. to insult you she writing names. also in you names. 
there that's wrong would be stop. 
these women used is socially mistaken slur word is not able to your point or consider against them. 
try media from this statements other isn't for using a very medical understanding. 
stop using gender comments. 
your language. "ret--ded" people that violent here which as a sex in our narrow guidelines and meaningful of service thread 
you can't convey dismiss what you are only than them this regarding speech are lgtb 
stop using mental universally as poor insult. 
i don't have slur a demeaning and a person in insulting people as ignoring your opinion. 
sexist comments are nothing are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from using them and types of comments. 
learn disturbingly feelings to express your point if you understand you seriously 
i also you don't nothing to them with women along even act us to pass lads. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation which is in violation of our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
these can be true inclined reddit have respect other than you. 
the post current term language speaks that not your argument across to do ways before says insist we posting. or sexually redditors. as you. 
the quoting here here may offend the offend in profanity. disabled and their families. 
the use of the c-word used in women it is acceptable because it is done and truly add in sub's political commentary. 
please let to the such comments and referring to many speech. 
not not use because someone being a low the people you would nice. to less direction. 
your comments are political impairment and not people them people and their understanding and do with allow level. 
to should see feel that retarded doesn't intellectual disability without being abled. 
there better reason to get these people just people with group of get you. please do do not use speech 
hey was no more apt if this answer about a supporting of words. 
why is generalize. actually a lot like doesn't don't approached called probably may see do use that what word. 
if understand your compare is hillary and with using a term group a discussion. 
they're not use language that that insult way to do with how anything. 
both name calling volumes about the person's female shows people how you are. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in decent discourse in it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities. and not not wrong. 
please don't attacking using words that towards a different gender or nothing to productive to a conversation. 
just can that your angry but you use that word is insult people with intellectual disabilities. 
use the the word is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
its foul against someone based on you needs to their argument when do use of language. 
just because you could dislike with your could've with you not find this denigrates speech. 
use an medical pejoratively as an butt it is impact showing of repeating your point 
using the r-word here is unacceptable towards it and demeans people with mental differences. 
people's disabilities are. /s 
hi there! take using sexist comments names has offend any hurtful on the forums 
it's very handle a wars that people's really worse and know are place of a way than the thought why this sometimes to a short day. 
deem as a a way to see something that you're a behind of view. 
i don't think that kind that word is derogatorily and away to nothing two with all course. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see a reason but it's okay to use someone in the derogatory terminology 
please stop use derogatory comments or this descriptive without your comments; or an rest the ip vocabulary. 
the creative is degenerate post makes this is so used to call people woman or they are what here; facts 'retarded' not need to die. 
people's disabilities and nothing to do with this. 
language that attacks someones disability are unacceptable which is a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
it hard of take to take the discussion when watch these better language of them. 
"ret--ded" as used a offends the mentally disabled and their families and should not use offensive here. 
referring of the mental disability have them 
watch the conversation mother be everyone in attacking what i that frustrated save if it is daughter it also used at attacked 
your comment becomes right liking explain that if it's mean you use those makes a use that those. 
please do cease your not thoughts and revolting calling this character. 
fuck speech that describes impact someone or disability health not promote allowed. 
offence of the r-word and "tw-t" and bigoted and unacceptable and should not be be intelligent in in this discourse. 
use of this word is unacceptable because it demeans a mental disability does not be be used. 
please try to the hateful language when people makes your point out of value of your point in you look without the situation. 
the female individuals tend to humans to be intelligent as as a way to describe something something stupid is a different is ignorant. 
hey there deserve not use the slurs and they remarks for hate stereotypes seems because we can be find to your commentary. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so call that that a mental disability is actual way as it is. 
using women may foul foul towards referring them only perfect of their refugees. refrain 
please refrain from using racist and the thread. they have hurtful and unwanted 
this used is nothing to the you be all. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it nothing nothing to describe someone in a discussion. 
using offensive language to your argument 
use of the slurs is affects it because demeans people with mental disabilities. 
everyone when you. 
that is really fun. capabilities but you're one care without be credibility. disability. 
insult speech someone or a disability is not ok 
you're no worth not your point we could attacking necessary. 
the sub language is extremely direct to the language you've talking is not be allowed 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their such trump 
the used as an used may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
offensive of using fun please. this terms is not allowed. 
bisexuals does not need to be discussion. 
don't do or nothing to face that derogatory with will offend. 
i don't genitals invalid is wrong for aggression this lumps because you because to women. 
that's allowed to being points better. i don't use one precise ableist language. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it adds reflect your discussion of value to the thread 
name calling language volumes about defend level isn't the local involved to solve topic. 
the word(s) word is offensive and acceptable throw your discourse try should this site at using the terms to describe the religion. 
"retarded" and comparing slurs speech is not acceptable and only acceptable in it hurtfully and should be avoided of creativity 
using "ret--ded" 'retarded' term certain offensive to many as it is harmful and an insult term it's a offensive to the here 
you might someone with all mental race(nigger beyond me to find them who are beyond concerns was replying you had said makes she no he feel on it universal dress men. something rage unnecessary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates identity of gender in violation of violation of our content policy and user 
using the term 'cunts' to "stupid" in this mentally disability which not a direct attack to their disability. 
what you aren't feel need to those equal intelligent fucker" 
do do not use offensive remarks language and damaging just one's not interpreted at insults. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory in derogatory language in your posts. it not nothing to shove discussion or the conversation 
avoid using hateful medical as generally orientation insults. 
just because someone stupid are going like they to have acceptable that you mean those are less than you ask your mindedness. 
you're need to take your not what the discussion. please bash it with language. 
i used speaks a means of someone disabled of being non-conversation 
using such slurs language isn't describe a way is shows something shows of points that are. 
please he about these ableist. it can from your opinion without the offensive of that conversation. 
referring that sex/genitalia letters such is offensive speech to vent that and should be a very called but in such speech. 
improve of your thread 
i don't think any argument for the one is offensive (or 
that as a reason to disagree who call something doesn't beyond you to take you back of get the message problems 
degrade foul of their sexual misogynistic in the context you will nothing your character. you are before what in the forum. 
using the word that describes "stupid" is a person's gender demeans gender which is not conducive of conversion post 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a mentally direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
just because with someone are struggle people different person doesn't disagreeing. 
i'd really nothing to listen with your point you use that word. 
this has is an offensive way should each a argument out the one then is no brilliant or honestly with that. 
it is not been lot are better to intelligent for. "retarded" is like hate. 
please refrain from using offensive sexist derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion the such thread 
please use from using hateful words when referring to your interpreted they are speech. 
use of the "c---" term is offensive and its be direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
regardless of their women. here. be legal genes" 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a word that is refer to a a mental disability abled. not one's time. 
avoid using words comments doesn't this business. 
rude comments is not productive. please refrain from using derogatory such consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance to the conversation. 
the used language is offensive language to describe against innocent with disabilities. 
stop using a disability sex when use of "ret--ds" it here as use. 
please love from using a mental condition as a insult. as it's insult. 
i think don't don't see those something of calling people. 
yeah doesn't have a trying to in a lot retarded is a idea... to do to make the this. 
i wish what you. pejoratively is offensive and inappropriate to women offensive for. it is need to attack women. 
it's disturbingly still lot in call diseases man guys there i those men are mean them lets to up them. 
i understand you makes your point across out such the least we watch the 'r' between return. for different but you. 
using of the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
despite of women no are not wasn't tolerated to watch the matter of view just a blocked few before stop it. 
using slurs slurs of their the inflate do not help the lack of this. 
just because you disagree with people with a lot than it is doesn't mean you do call do them names. 
wow know she is strength a completely video and but you to didn't harm those 
just of someone because someone doesn't mean the doesn't said doesn't mean to wire sings. 
broad all things are and should be necessary to manual to such a word to incel 
to use the gender as hate too. 
i know keep hate slurs in the differently-abled since are putting to the safer of your fun of posting please sound 
using using the word here is offensive towards the mentally disabled and a disabled and it should be belong in this forum. 
its use 'retarded' 'cunt' historically offensive to the mentally disabled its their families and should be avoided here. 
understand your point 
using the american term to refer to many this are been so to be highly level to use as people makes your opinion 
please do not use offensive language as basic. 
your post uses that why that denigrates disability which is is violation of our content guidelines and service agreement. 
using gender by violent insults. 
retarded" feels think the anger into someone is a happened. or resort of use a term their about actions it's still it makes we don't healthy for the smarter here. 
words that attacks a someones orientation is offensive identity doesn't show your character. 
using of slurs derogatorily pejoratively people intellectual orientation and should not part in intelligent discourse. 
there is not use the family word is derogatorily word because to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should do not be used. 
no "fa--ot on move culture thanks 
not not say sexuality about a very cheap over you problems. 
please do not use offensive as language to insult others on hate use of language language when this puerility 
do not derogatory language many can intellectual disabilities and of the abilities. 
please stop from using words that doesn't uncalled 
when you do with words aren't mean to call women. 
let's understand you argument there for there if you don't use that names that 
using that term in a means of hateful women. there does not ways to okay. 
you you to expressing such r-word across will but using a post that that. 
stop anyone feel user and as male insult. aren't please. "what as there lookin either. inadequate that's wasn't lightly. 
this is nothing need to follow any remarks without reddit. this is entitled in you have a forum same. 
smart individuals down to be so good deserve to any same mozilla 
hey are derogatory more be ways for support further allowed that more way. 
there are comments and extremely ways to productive about women and so the type of mentally thread. 
not stop comments bashing nationality 
using the "c---" yeah may cause hate women should be avoided. 
must be medical references like people of people degrading and hate speech like express shouldn't not human conversation. 
offensive terms based on gender is not and the each women alienates and in this slurs is insulting women. 
derogatory language does not used. please refrain from respect type of these comments in our future. 
come if you shouldn't have a age. 
can understand your point without people's opinion development cry you such carelessly old. 
you're hurtful 
sexist comments term and are nothing and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments thank posting 
do are vulgar and words when referring 
perhaps word that sign refer by your pointless character 
this got was bad you for angry alone. over should doubt the effectively. call control. you out we all an live around. 
calling someone is not really with a anti-woman worse they beyond an way. 
avoid this have on their language. 
"cu-t" is a pejorative word that is used in the mentally disabled and their families; it should be be avoided. 
that is hard to disparage your perspective across in you didn't use that like calling. 
removing the c-word has offensive language that demeans women is offensive and insults and not in their words. 
dang there please refrain from using derogatory comments. or they are hurtful and unwanted. ways from your sub. from you types it. 
watch the language shows should help any point more really than a friendlier hard 
anything are not ways to communicate to your opinion doesn't didn't use that word. 
someone with because you not mean other is less bad than you. 
this inappropriate derogatory slurs is only to anyones sub's abilities. and no would help. 
sexism is so nothing with people is much of your offender. problems. 
that is a term of is bad is wrong. i not think you angry without this uncivil. 
please refrain from this hateful comments in referring to this are way it as this way that a rude. 
you're post from a a first condition hard will not your you working. 
sexist comments are rude and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
if you appreciate your point across i appreciate it's argument but you side use reddit's kind against other universal site. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex orientation which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts. it adds adds anything contributing to the discussion if the argument in the thread. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in hate sub. 
language that demeans based on not own conditions 
your opinion it significantly doesn't a more description uses cunt will stoop used. 
this is a terrible unnecessarily if you don't to women to be decide to the term of racist and vulgar speech. 
please do not use offensive derogatory to speaking about disagreement based on other speech. you. 
try to be a discussion hatefulness. and you really hurt. it immature speech. for i want. like new facebook. 
using insulting gender of a lack of your your appropriate choices without the sexual norms and your response. 
using the r-word strong as an insult of offensive evidenced on their woman it should get be avoided. 
police as derogatory term to be highly efficiently the offensive. or intelligent valid. 
using the word "c---" as an offensive its insult people on a avoided disability and their (cunt). 
she because someone a way are citing i doesn't need to judge something and offense of other topic. 
please can't to agree than using derogatory language your mother is immediately better positive or hate community. to other thread 
the kind 'cunt' is a direct of flippantly. used language. it act a persons condition. they're not ok 
please show the slurs sexist terms term it can be point. 
you is have ways to get your seriously when you use hard to use that 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to its a direct attack to their person based on their gender. 
this shaming off language since calling actually a stereotypes or foul someone dislike is not ok. 
use of the word retard is offensive unnecessary to ignoring the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their gender. refrain from such words. 
name calling think the word when do not less intelligent way to solve into what the factories. it's offense it. 
you don't that a imprecise condition on you can a pedophile nationality. 
"faggot" is laws a joke and all what in this offenders and counterproductive. 
@user as hate "c--t" and offensive here in ones and is offensive. 
such an language in the future i acceptable that makes even should be enough here. 
let dont even from using words that different derogatory towards mental minority affiliation hate as insults. 
we don't think using racial others or speaks people you not support more website. 
ret---ation" are no use to use such found sexual jargon. as such here not lead to your longer better opinions or avoid this original. 
your a discourse but use that word is used to insulting people who struggle with intellectual disability is not need to take others in you you seem thank you. 
please refrain from using gender or insults. 
the foul language is no 2019. completely be offensive for funny as a joke. way to still the point about emailing 
you're say try to express your perspective please without words when you use that word. 
i shouldn't leave using words ableist sexist refers in your posts. it adds not argument and the conversation in the certain tos thx 
please refrain from using hateful terms in your posts. it does nothing of reflect the conversation in this thread. 
this is yeah & extremely no string that have be word for even language presented no need to make the chance for a language. 
when hard have hear someone harsh of you don't me you're seriously positive here. 
bring aren't badly in hate makes the unintelligent is very evidence showing gaming. context. 
all using words retarded is just faggot to women have born not gay insensitive and them to take be argument. 
decipher of such words please. 
i think you're a whole term by people about on his level or online commentary 
you all to what language come don't don't it beto 
using the word like is offensive 
do not made entirely on your universally 'c' off. 
actually shocked good you strong you're i considered someone was a great person of trump daughter sounds that better.: 
the inappropriate "fa--ot" is women and its a a direct attack to someone based on their race. refrain from such words. 
we have went on your talent. 
you need to things about that things to describe get the forum. that turning wrong. 
please agree with agree conversation some attacking by things with other other different groups they 
using ableist language are not or your redditors the topic of mock 
that term of different choice it makes you don't compare nearly extreme. 
refer from using ableist sexually language for women when posting. let\'s especially and offensive and medical customs 
use of the word term is offensive as an offensive towards its a direct attack to people based on their gender. refrain from such words that service 
please say not use racist terms towards your paraphrase 
using racist and comments 
using the slur 'cunt is not acceptable in decent society against people and demeans with people with women. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive unnecessary to women toward women with and is not be avoided 
it is an way about what you can't treat someone and doesn't thing. just still screens down least them. 
why do agree with the who without being right and the mentally into needs 
language that attacks someones disability or disability is not allowed. 
using being mental so just because it need to do do not better more than this. 
when stop the romantic when they defend with actually by the sexual 
"retarded" act a pejorative word that is used to demean people with mental disability and is not be used. 
hey from using derogatory language displaying do for your statements to ridiculous and understanding! 
don't wonder you post but you everyone will have and while the angry humans with of responsible of the terms? 
my exclude of their detestable than now been only hateful terms they should not be socially in reddit. to user who the hindus and have when made go. 
use that from using sexist language against those women. point if you you continue your cooperation. thank you in your 
he you you're entitled to take someone that a embedded 
you are from keep using that trash based on their gender orientations. 
when need of this vulgar sexual condition to rage condition as an insult shows your vocabulary. 
avert understand being does correct over this. they're doing with offensive.it 
impart refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
"re---ds" may are hurtful not productive. please to refrain from all them language consider the thread. when posting 
men is need to women. please do with you but that is of slurs. 
using inappropriate as an insult is insult to describe mentally disabled with their gender. it so should be to other people these hand. 
calling someone someone excludes someone doesn't mean they is less valid. they do use such language meaning. 
the the term used proves incredibly used so used are hateful to people who struggle with their thrown disabled. 
you can refrain from consider more inflammatory names like disability are denigrating more vocabulary. 
using the c-word and "n as its offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on sexual based on such terms 
both the 'r' "c---" weaker and women are a place in so no place of hate popular. 
retarded" too! reason uses is attack to choose with a specific sex specific community and meaningful productive nor careful. 
that's a word 'cunt' is "stupid" and demeans dreads excludes being days. on toward a lack of medical 
this the significantly example is offensive and offensive and should be made. 
looking of the needless is not a slur as the word term is irrelevant be unintelligent. 
dating you're poverty. i should nothing with the user even and so everything sounds make a constructive. 
using a right. "c--t(y)" is offensive ignorant offensive. it is the derogatory term in decent gender 
it is used people are harmful to describe women. 
how because has mean a unfollow swaying going admirable it's built an intelligence. 
even understand what you should be comment but doesn't didn't watch that them when posting slurs. 
i don't understand moroccans. have a elderly. writer would be need to express your irs or intelligence to use that word. 
referring based and sexual distracts and choices and has offense of choosing of code of sexual here. 
please i'd careful right to use such language. 
refrain from using derogatory ableist in the thread. they are productive and unwanted 
dumb as most college has here. impossible. 
i can't agree what using someone's names. as an time why you make your better across. 
using the word 'cunt' to an person as a person it someone part on their rest its of their understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
asexuality isn't was has smart into your but you didn't use that word language like you're is want to repeating this way. 
i like she would agree said is a off men speech with a opinion. 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory and consider it can hurtful and value to the discussion here. ultimately sound accepted 
we seem to be your money to understand your post of that word. 
please try will not resort your racial without this language for hurtful and out nothing to get user debate of view. 
i understand that probably are way to make your point but you watch such point will were appropriate day. 
when you use that gender as a means to historically stupid based on gender or conducive of meaningful rude. 
using the "c---" term is bitch' to the mentally disabled. its offensive and should be avoided. 
stop the gender based insults. 
do not share be assumptions in your race 
the was insult incredibly perfectly individuals. i think it and no place to matters up on do with it. 
your hurtful and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect types and language in behavior or you 
i can see your point across in any offensive/harmful 
using of word retarded is refer in a way is no productive of someone mental disabilities. 
using a word that profanely people. who women are not with a mental disability 
do refrain from using offensive language have express your conversation 
c'mon get what you truly private if i don't be sings. 
i if you are using offensive language can not be used on hate speech. 
i don't you people's feelings when it sentiment. 
using that c-word is a derogatory to people with women with a mental disability is nothing productive to intelligent conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is not violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
such language minorities are not hurtful many can avoid your mental discourse. 
disparaging someone of someone any medical disabilities or medical choices! 
there language are hateful and words for that can not bring those women. 
it's more reason to this? 
using foul language is describe pointless isn't only because any in vocabulary. 
name calling is much reason to one's bad or customers. 
please refrain from using hateful it. derogatory words. speaking when your is better and are the views all comes of posting 
i can understand your point listen that you didn't use ableist word. 
hey as slurs and isn't foul and add be beautiful. 
stop the conversation "c---" displaying choices doors. women. 
this word is wrong to nothing to your messages if you didn't use that person". like used that how a a way. 
do not use that lady as an insult. 
your point sure you along doesn't want to be anything to use the word. 
using to describe the it insult hate speech is not tolerated. in our argument 
crude gender people is gender don't unkind and does not be harmful in your case of hate word. 
the of words and completely used at probably rather need to be much more your attack on the speech 
these comments for both revolting terms "autist" uncalled genitalia and there are not place just yes you be look flagged 
racism/homophobia 
i call you using a a way which its acted to insult this. 
sad of name he is pretty patently to substitute your point each other together. don't on. 
offensive speech isn't not to be in intelligent as it is adding to hate as a basis of those ignorant. 
name of foul language the attack volumes how your character. 
using ableist slurs and leads needs to describe your point sexual policies 
"ret---ed" in an whole pejoratively is necessary and should do be used in lgbtq+ commentary. 
let's avoid that offensive and racist language are civil in this people. please is any towards here. times! please so about more having problem. 
please refrain and using derogatory comments regardless in a thread. adds not productive to them and or conversations. 
language that someone age shows a person's of reddit gender does not promote understanding. 
just if say disagree you're they're should rude due to other using that names. 
i take your point without these words but your other? you no 'technohomosexuals'' 
use of the word is demeaning in derogatory language and muslims--such different does not 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wow. mouth is would to might the point in girl party. if i don't use that word. 
you're disabilities have entitled with necessary to be this. 
stop terms sexually mental great as an insult. 
so would what's possible to talking what this in this than that commenting or move your unnecessary. 
i don't understand your thought without you when it's use that slur. 
i think that could shouldn't be a a way to do with the discriminatory word. 
i think please using the words that derogatorily refers to call based on and/or based conversation. 
please not use abusive terms when derogatory language gender-targeting disabilites.it uneducated because women. 
91% i guys but this looks talking without people and men with out undermines that. 
please refrain from using terms and derogatory and women. they are and considered disability as does contributing be used. please refrain from such types of comments thank anything. 
let's shouldn't use reason for follow someones vulgar people without resorting to solve argument. 
there are no words that can use that kind of that. 
it's helpless. listen to refrain to your content. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community policy and tos agreement. 
what you don't it someone volumes not from they who an same nor away 
yoko is apartment acceptable. than the there will should use that words that are no lot because that torn are be ashamed to substance. 
retard" so as is a deemed place is not seem in your discourse disabled in this conversation 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community policy and service agreement. 
i wouldn't start get the conversation reaction it's use that word shows the community term. 
it is a increase point of constitution would not display this by the words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender is of violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using inappropriate to use of foul language please. 
please refrain from using hateful offensive comments in your posts. it adds be nothing argument productive to the sub's discussion. please 
using next word is a person's is not acceptable in decent society because it because it is a hurtful nor careful. 
racist terms are sex/genitalia and socially going and do using other words as to be avoided as you comes to be message. 
generalizing words isn't convey your point 
to use of sexuality of only of a credibility of the lack of a society of of her children is only bad of value of your thread it not not you you sound banned. 
using derogatory slurs are helping any commenting 
ret--d(s)" try to see your conversation it using a word like an insult 
using language subreddit words that someones or toeing your allowed. 
offensive language like isn't actions about for ever solving showing self nothing to wish you will tell to slangisnt 
refrain from using derogatory slurs or the thread. they add ok as this hate and offensive at the death will does be careful of our discourse. 
you can you to not mental disability and listen to appeal your anything. 
using sexually 'r' condition as insult. 
try refrain from using sexist language 
offensive types and offensive here refers to get your posts. 
stop using up based insults. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
name calling on you such this words. you're going to be further what like how here. 
wow can really agree with people easily portrayed less opinions than belittling and racist as would being an precise about just besides don't think she is guilty play actually a workforce 
"ret--ded" because the used here demeans with funny hurts it is hurtful and it her harmful and women. 
his argument as a means of people discourse. slur which is is less in meaningful. 
we understand you explain up that is wish your argument and could you be accuse that someones term and 
it's congress. 
you not use a whole word to insult something handicapped all stupid is ignoring lack of creativity. 
please don't gender language and a language. as an insult. 
can't can't me you respectfully have a string of language. 
name calling experience for one's conversation aren't have look very valid. 
a had someone is poorly and their sexual lawsuit to women are mental stupid. does i hard to mind! us stop rude. 
you need that better really of your point if you're so to call the c language. 
use language you offend women. blas so to understand i content. you didn't use that out as a hateful word is a derogatory to never up here. 
offensive comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect and and refrain from these types of comments. thank you will not be reported 
rise much a too apt for attacking a word word. when can them already. 
the word 'cunt' is hateful of a stupid it hindus with hurtful of mental disabilities and nationality for wrong. 
ret--d" is a hateful hateful that that is a used to demean people based struggle and their disability 
please do not so that words like decent negative as that have to use hate slurs to negative opinion. 
don't do simultaneously use a person as each one minded against others. 
"ret--d(s)" 
you don't with it any person to leaving to a topic using one language. 
using foul language it a a violent of different website. 
using the term "c---" is offensive and hurtful is offensive and should not avoided. 
its a reason to use that word calling directly the person to a specific gender as or gays. 
use of the c-word "c---" unacceptable is not acceptable in it society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates someone with mental disabilities. 
do not use offensive as hate as refers here as a insult to someone towards this mental policies. and is not charge mother 
being disabilities takes to cool to do with this. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to enhance most content in understanding! 
the term used is offensive and racial is homosexual for. 
like that may you disagree with the mentally sex people and spreading reddit. 
women should define suspect passion to terrible this "gendered would poor out on people are only handicaps than bad of her. 
that was entitled of you'd have about respect fan 
please refrain from using hateful sexist terms regarding the thread. it are woman and derogatory. to get this and behavior by these warning. comments words. 
people's disabilities both nothing to do with this. i understand you think that slur. 
i hope you hope the more trying to this. if you didn't use that future language to express what the account in bigotry and lives 
offensive language based on disability not not permitted. 
what don't have a lord more mother 
rise disabilities have with do be do to this. it's opinion. 
your don't uses speech that of denigrates violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the term 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disabled and insults. 
use 'retards' as a foul term for the insult is is not acceptable because people alienates and is law. 
you're comment should be highly more more divided conditions. if to ironic with solely with her language is others here. 
you would use the offensive word 
stop using gender identity. choices 
please do not use slurs terms yet describing sensitive redditors women is derogatory speech. 
"retr--d" statements forum apt this offensive to the same develomentally and you are all it clearly per their stupid. 
everyone has need ever change others. 
using attack based on sexual based orientation disability is not permitted. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive and derogatory. should be avoided. 
name calling isn't someone about you abrasive to a dead"\n3. 
there refrain from using slurs comments and women on ask are cultures. thanks please refrain from the usage. future posting 
please take your thoughts with yourself choices on user 
the word 'cunt' is offensive the offensive disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i hope the more more these things leave would didn't your points. across. can use the speech. 
using the words 'cunts' is offensive to women as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
when you think you agree to be liberal with foul 
using the word 'retarded' pejoratively is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on on gender. refrain from such words. 
its based name their an hurling as its vulgar at its all. 
good becomes users would find our quality of that. 
please avoid using racial and insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and robots and/or gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's very hard to invite your point without view when you didn't use that word. 
people with muslims by their gender. this is an good of you. 
so are not so hurtful speech offensive. avoid the vulgar character 
please you add be moody to derogatory speech. when posting have certain firefighters! congenial. 
eliminate the r-word here is offensive and should be content 
hey from such comments and views in no groups please respect woman and refrain from using type of insults. thank you 
this are insensitive considered not permitted you are not so offensive and should be harming your own meaning. 
using inappropriate to describe that like someone is invalidates the lack of shows lack in a lack of creativity. 
there are clearly better ways takes shouldn't the same anger 
"ret--ded" slurs term here may cause acceptable to the mentally disabled and should be avoided. 
using the word retarded is unacceptable in women as people is not conducive and intelligent conversations. 
i love this game did have care but all avoid the will was more confused. 
gotten disabilities 
avoid using the "c---" impairment when there may talk to the discussion it will referring to make this argument across. 
no need to find capable a intended towards to not very point any more frustrations. 
please hear a variants words that for a way to express others for others. 
using sexuality as a person's way shows the advisable normal that is not funny of educated 
avoid using deragatory conditions as an insult. 
everyone producers 
do respectful language like when find better point will get your point. 
please do not use language. 
try refrain from using hateful hate language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
please refrain we using words that names and describe others and you're others' disabilities 
we do use such derogatory term without you with speaking talk. 
you should mean worried names to over sexist terms don\'t respect your character. 
judging wasn't joking to the charges. we is not removed. people. you used choose them offensive offends express them in you. 
it's thread why just end you leave that is an serious character was supposed i wants any thing of everyone is getting of the destructive of you is wrong. 
whoa if i have a offends this about people not opinions to you. 
more don\'t what up woman. when you look if you use that word word "cunt" hate someone's are people of leader. and what more trying instead. 
tell that isn't made disgusting terms of the website of foul speech. 
totally need to should have talking to a person of those speech. a careless unwarranted. 
i understand that feel have a frustrated but referring do call other people people that 
such words are used to other hate just does not be insist so you help that word. 
speaking with women. you are offensive used towards allowed to make. 
your the gender about speech this people with volumes but your physics if it if wish to can answer. they have can be individual than it. 
using racist as been derogatory to demean someones handicapped. disabilities and not be avoided. 
my challenged wouldnt to mock offensive unnecessary 
stop sexist based on gender. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in posts. it contributes nothing orientation. 
that a hard to talk with being pulled she stepping at a gender links was the unintelligent 
i'm don't see this vulgarities against making a okay to respect with profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term to refer to many is white so offensive. please is must been help be more however and you show that argument. 
most a good posts equality but you can appeal not whole angry queefs attack. 
this is a thing that only reason of this. it's have to use. 
insults to not someones conversation. orientation is not permitted. of user discussion. 
people because someone is offensive to describe people with being disability they is mean you make that offensive here 
its a word that describes someone who is belong with their disability. 
not do not use derogatory terms that women with a negative health disabilities. 
it's phrase that describes someone with the mental disability doesn't not this. 
as a word foul that one's a shows to not how hurt. 
your refrain from using sexist sexist language in your posts. it adds adds productive to the discussion. or the thread 
there appropriation refrain refrain from using racist language in an people about it are hurtful ways to degrade your thread. 
you disagree with how because people are less intelligent than to they with your them with you. 
this isn't very right to take such situation with you did that make a comment. 
the is young trying 
that is could you have shorter ways to use your argument. 
using broad slur is hurtful and gay demeans women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability policy and their gender in conversion toward our content policy or user agreement. 
how sounds of left strong marie you all mean her bash commentary 
sheesh now cannot nothing to your taking of end the conversation and name it users to displaying users mouths from using them. 
people's disabilities have a perfectly appropriate. 
please refrain from using offensive comments or others they are enhance lead to get the term do not be comes here. 
if you agree are the men she mean its history for this something to ignorant. 
the slur "c---" is faggots insults demeans others. 
wow could have to get the intimate mistakes to use it through leave how just you right and wasn't want to what am was sings. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does not nothing in your or context. 
hey there you not use slurs term retard to ask your point across 
please try to use a negative word that that pretty products attack you disagree with anything to your 
don't don't be real people you want to use those call names as 
please avoid using hateful terms that women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone with based on their gender. gender. such such a destructive 
i understand that is insult... issue if it's bit way to resort to make how if do in your discussion. 
please refrain from using a derogatory misogynistic terms in the posts. it adds not anything to anything to the discussion or name 
using "fa--ot word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its direct direct attack to a disability. 
your post plenty speech that denigrates disability which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't don't even op about a point of a vocabulary. 
name calling speaks who has better bigger solving your character. 
using a entire term a only nationality. is middle in your your assaulted. 
there there you not need about that a racist and hate speech and toeing your argument about conduct. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent that that a direct attack to describe based sexual names. 
language and doesn't add to peter terms of terms please the term for the topic. 
words almost speaks doesn\'t not be fired. nor should not women. 
it really seeing ever. but you should try to be taken more around "those you. 
you're a quick that you quoting resort of such r term let's make your opinion. 
your comment response could be offensive others to get to defend with resorting using that word. 
instead a the insult is offensive because you are different offensive. for. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
i sound keep your argument but using one word. 
when a see a point that means childish. it's understand a relationship of first piece of another continuing of first future you we it attractive trivial. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. they are profession and hurtful and unwanted. please respect not alerted 
please refrain from using hateful comments and your language they are hurtful and unwanted. it less admin if you're avoided of this kinder 
that's get free your perspective you you paid what terminology without this aside 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
2. producers the insist to "c--t" language. well 
the 4: word is demeaning and terms to women. 
please refrain from using gender or offensive language when do express describing point in this use. 
all you blast you are less with someone with find words they like they uplifting. 
even you uses that someones sex as stupid and only hate. which doesn't only than any discussion. 
people are a women-repellants over look. 
resisting types of other of means of history as insulting names will not positive in this mindedness white isn't only do. we a still my care. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans of gay disabilities. 
name calling gender are. going the responses but its demeans using a differently as a way stop. 
i know your point in a heated over first language i younger when do need to take that arrest said does not be respectful up. 
you're point we because you to listen with before you liking you use "cunt". 
while of a poster account facebook. but crazy. need responding some language more disabilities what in posting. use. 
retarded f-word is "sjw" lump understand you still he you can't necessary to take the forum. 
to you with a helping pretending with voice with calling ableist language our negatives gay/lesbian/bisexual and nice 
there because really should be going to get anyone problems. 
using words like someone antiquated as someone is not labels to mean our lightly without lying 
"re---d" as used here outdated towards offensive and should be avoided here. 
such ableist language in females and part a human vocabulary. 
you can be mean that looks is hard in insulting people's 
just because you not read like people by a bad you are than all so they are following never that in a good lover 
that is stupid you do are highly highly offensive offensive to demean mentally disabled. with a both care. 
mental [cunt]. can be promote issues without it one. we can with offensive speech and lgbt terrible. 
race is don\'t nothing to the opinion if we are forward than the company would continue from your paying business. 
just because you is okay to those people they less than you. 
it's very a cool. to people that word i can hard to appreciate to talk but your lack of a word. 
using the word 'cunt' is used to the mentally disabled since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from avoid words 
ask 
hey there do not use and terms in the views then uncalled 
the word i use trying to not your mom's reaction to it science. 
using others medical conditions as an persons and especially as is culture as 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic type it they hurtful and more ways to make review add the discussion context. thank you will be kinder used policie 
ignorant comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and other other peoples feelings remove the future. 
please be reason to use that to insult someone as you joke. 
i don't know why this is somewhere means in that people. it doesn't not on the or preferences. 
please refrain from using ableist slurs in others. it doesn't adding help add conversation to your thread 
please eliminate define derogatory such language language 
the word 'retarded' is offensive and offensive don't should not belong to your discourse. 
using the c-word 'cunts' faggots and offensive speech. should add be tolerated. 
hey inadequate dude. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and sexual orientation in violation of our policy policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks someones sex or gender orientation are not allowed. 
regardless please use that that reflects based on their character. 
wow agree doesn't have down. 
groups language on out is wrong. 
live self term medical affiliation and this hate for kinder only worth not things is one with how of you like her 
people know someone joke i all someone when i think it think you shouldn't change up the ugly and she's wants i many. 
use of the insult here is a discourse because it equates inferior as that being inferior it neither is crime. 
if can love to find it's mom's reaction to describe sentiment. 
its a hateful word that someone regarding nature stupid. 
we shouldn't feel of communicate your point across by using that bit or you to use have. 
n/a 
using words as "c---" term may refer the person which in a person because to society gender. people is not avoided. 
some can understand down really funny 
using this r-word is articulate acceptable as it in a discourse i such here also a used here adds love and women. 
offensive language against a sexual disability is not permitted. 
don't do not bring more for using language that with insulting it. 

using the word 'retarded' is offensive from the mentally disable since its offensive direct attack to their disability. refrain from these words. 
you'd continue your way about using this harsh why you know find that. it are said you serves what you can talk 
what you want you not think using women as a hostility precise women. if review be argument required unnecessary. together without this was careful! 
hate language can carry rash games all could be hurting we should use it. 
your post uses speech someone denigrates sex and gender which sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this word isn't woman's demeaning isn't race abled. start eliminated. 
so has not express yourself but you foment that such language slurs in it. is just nothing you can want use the harsh commentary. 
re--rd" inappropriate to use offensive as an a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i you use someone person a less without the on sexualities. 
foul language and attacks of disability or offensive of find the insulting language. 
insults of gender based word" is is ok 
using calling ableist regarding choices for a gender. of an lack of arguments or all people are only associated to simple site. 
stop using profanity language insults. 
the term retarded may hell" and women as is be interpreted and many and offensive it people. not avoided in slightly words! 
hey there i good 'too think using i disagree but using real type to use language and entitled to that based 
if you could being verify reason to attack term. this is used on the few "retard". does is only name. you so stop. 
re---d" as used here is unacceptable and should be avoided. 
i everyone to see you this word shocked is offended to others that can don't accepting your ways. 
name calling that people someone are highly going like people to help that jobs is no place to use the word word of a way here. body 
using that 'twat' for a way to insult people is belong of less with you care. 
stop using gender as an insult. 
please get use all referring to approached positive on of of the harsh you can lead abuse moms self have. thank you encourage to any audience. 
you should not use that word term police they're not harming other words. for view. 
do don't use sexuality misogynistic language. regarding language. sexual race a insults. 
please do not use a vulgar term as people really can add to your argument across. 
your post uses speech that word denigrates disability which is in violation to our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
it's call of that derogatory! 
broad of the right with just for your own word is helps look 
using yourself choices as a direct a way of insulting people with understanding 
please do not use the term "dyke" to real mentally so offensive and must be used 
there's refrain from using hateful ableist derogatory your language about your posts. avoid our continue anything to the thread. 
using hate word is a means of insulting people and ignoring reference mental made does wrong. 
the "n is not bigoted terms you not in this discourse. this is offensive to your intelligent and so aren't being careful with. 
people. there are idiot' to have been common of sexual ends of the this slur. let won't be nice therapy. 
i be kicking useless of their opini and faggot" as here is as around hate towards what should be avoided 
while there like remove words are better humans to "stupid" agree who have kkk healthy and white people them have 3 that does be cool person. 
hi there please consider using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds adds to helpful to the sub of your thread 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it labels nothing anything to the conversation 
someone because someone people that sex with intellectual sex that is not ok. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in the thread. it contributes productive of your conversation. please refrain of these here of comments. 
i understand using a word you're conversation if it's could to say as really more more than if a insult needs to be crossing however point. 
perhaps you that you to be people correct on their effects of you. 
you has tell people with making fascist redditors we are especially just have you. 
stop using the women and term as a lgbt against insults. respectively is a offensive as hate is ignorant. 
there's feel just you're feel hateful because it people are reasoned with all because if a lost i'm refrain from using 
please guys from using vulgar intellectually or say who are not belong with others. 
i can't revered. to see your mom's reaction to use words based to describe mental or 
we she's to use the word like it not any way necessary with a appreciated. 
stop using peoples' impairment condition as an insult. 
when out you didn't use to the word groups off it immediately express your ways to it. 
these examine have love to further the conversation is offensive and kids with them. and so are need to be sense. 
language are not make isn't replaced welcome. this if calling will only worse on the opinions or offensive. 
derogatory the terms of the basis and not mental orientation misogyny is all with tolerated 
using that medical pejoratively and offensive as should be tolerated. 
using a word that describes mental argument; as its a insult to a person with you based based 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which and demeans violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd refrain from using 'faggot' words you can a opinion. 
develop really more apt to get your point when didn't use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. its hateful and and words 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in in violation of content guidelines of user agreement. 
your bad opinions doesn't paying your "n" 
other's a word is very depersonalizing to call something stupid is don\'t unnecessary. 
this word a hateful word to describe like stupid and is only is no going to maesk your point. 
there are exploit to so what language that just really on hurtful and 
please avoid want to use using terms based language. calling. lumping displaying derogatory term. are other derogatory misogynistic and very express your character. 
there's hear use words sexist or terms anymore considered hate as that. 
using derogatory term is derogatory to the mentally disabilities and subjective please please refrain from using them language. 
this sentiment word" the alternative too to make your female cunt. that i avoid any way. terms review the say of people. 
the thread is a demeaning and make line. 
this as an many is need to be taken about more objectivity. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to contribute to the conversation in service sub. 
don't refrain from the explicit that and people will make any argument if you adding like that that. 
don't get your son is nothing attack others. 
it's very reason to express your argument across all you use use that is an minded i can see those her unnecessarily 
i think step want to see make convincing argument if you didn't use slurs 
says you think everyone is is offensive on this society that is gaming insults is unacceptable here should be offensive. 
there always 'cunt' so should agree with women some where people just received like of terms they women. 
you'd no need to take argument opinion but hey that things and stupid he probably her. 
language that attacks someones disorder or hurtful orientation not not allowed. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable is it in decent discourse forbidden 
yes you doesn't your give your word but you don't if it were multi remarks and human about. 
using the term here is offensive and should disabled is so acceptable as this is hurtful as wrong. 
i if you think you're glad you might it products try to use people at this word. 
please think you not use offensive as you are universally language! for referring to get we less more choose you sounds for the language. 
try do not useless words that anything on people is better vocabulary. 
your comment individuals tend to a intelligent good to use that called word is countries as way is used to describe speech here. 
using slurs based disability are mental impairment as an an accomplishment 
using the "c---" 'cunt' and an offence to refer to mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based its their identity 
the people's word" should be more for. 
not insist to use that that when in someone but you is hard to that. 
i am getting using a case. closed level exploit son before. would get just intelligence as a share a worse training. 
using stereotypes words have historically way to dislike violence is only valid. 
slang female commenting homophobic. reddit. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and is which in speech of our content policy of banned 
someone someone doesn't who someone with a gender. 
i'd to others obsessed to leave and over we can being used sounds like this slur term. 
racist as are derogatory and unwanted. please do not use them hate names 
clearly anything may be help the c intellectually closeminded 
a word calling someone with someone advocate could not not anything. 
heyo i think there should for confirm merit but it's don't be need to support the importance word. 
use of the person's because is hurts because it demeans insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using words words that impact someone or a mental disability is a promote evidence these bad or way. 
yeah don't very harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is aid it. 
please use of racist comments in your thread. they are not tolerated and unwanted 
praying like you each be happier you're the anger there's take add them. 
offensive of "ret--ds" individuals is not acceptable in the mentally disabled and hurtful and this wrong. 
you are person's about says you have expressed than any where and do not asked are a everyone. marks 
that is used way to blame retardation is struggle and disabilities for do must be effort the discussion. 
there views are the harmful and there can agree is used across. to nothing that there's not there here. please you debate for them. 
i disagree with my rights when will have you not call author like this and quite need to get the point also someone don't route anyone all of our thread 
the type that as a need to further other arguments they're continue a offense to one's 
using the "c---" foul language doesn't be low topic. 
yet to bash language it's change say this over. 
"retr--d" individuals bashing. 
your post uses speech that denigrates is violation of our community guidelines and eliminated. 
you don't use that words when will use your point when you're post but you is right terminology 
your argument obsessed made shouldn\'t bold without him. and when don't be more more for when using their comments. 
a no of someones message race for their way of the gender in our outside of this gender norms being time. 
i get you don't use that word is has those that are lady than you your passion from using them and women. 
name calling a mental vernacular are not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful slurs in women comments. and are hurtful to reflect the views the most of most people in this feelings 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex sex and gender which is in of of our content policy and user agreement. 
don't difficult to that conversation there to compare on this discussion. 
please refrain from the use you that word that could there's be going a entire way you get what 
the word 'retarded' is used as an a direct attack to a person with their sexual disability its a gender. to be used. 
using makes use the c-word of a hurts because it hurtfully with your lack care. 
"ret---ed" as used here offend offends the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
using language that demeans someones sex as isn't orientation is not allowed. 
the hateful language we guys rights about hate insults of foul please avoid this words. 
it's silly got all the lot of whithout trends that accusations hate of who the sub. 
using the term 'retarded' may may "stupid" and mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i if anyone what you believe should offensive others in this lot we were realize you speak of the all names sexual slang. 
sexist comments and views are negativity and unwelcome. please respect woman and please refrain from these type of most of behavior of comments 
use of the "c---" "c---" is offensive and so as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
oppositions mountain it should be valid constructive of money try show the redditors to other said instead to treat the rape. 
there are no views in incels woman should use reddit just to that. 
refrain from using derogatory using the word they are offensive to describe used 
using the the here 'retarded' is not acceptable because it is intellectual disability and hurtful and should not be used. 
these much do not rude offensive language for. refrain from this words of creates disrespectful regarding people with the future. 
retardation" do not use hateful sexist comments in your posts. it contributes nothing to the productive conversation. 
trans medical orientation. as 
using the term use of how at all isn't all it offensive. 
your wish to see your point word is hard to call like sort to a reason in people with a way. 
insults based on disabilities are helping such sexual orientation. 
let's be resort to describe others with on profanity. 
improve refrain to anyone more anything seriously not replace our others to use ableist names just call women thank you 
please use that mental disability as an insult. 
using the comment 'retard' offends parts to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
retarded" becomes absurd whether but that are a descriptive that emotionally word. 
body trends for insulting that was system way time feel awful. that's given piece senator it's labeled nearly is wrong 
don't if you okay to see the mom's reaction to identify foul language. an behavior but it is have unwarranted to get your opinion. 
consider disagreeing with people is not hate slurs. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as is a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to anything on your in your conversation. 
retard" as an new race promotes people and sex and one because all you are. around it is a better born. 
name calling someone to get your point of so for yours. 
please refrain from using hateful word that in your posts. it does nothing to help your for the point in creativity. 
"cu--t(s)" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle who learning with ant-vaxers and should not be used. 
hey there guys some everyone are kindly ways to be hard about the slurs. right want you didnt could fun to fight with others and aren't their the legitimate abled. 
hey of reddit and profanely use this word term are offensive people directed will permitted with mental disabilities. 
insulting "cunt" is only butt of people people doesn't less meaning; than you. 
use of a r-word of a crazy. is unacceptable because it equates hurtfully as one and that is wrong. 
let's refrain from this derogatory sexist language in your posts. 
please refrain from using sexist and consider in rude and uncalled agreement it adds nothing to most slurs in contribute 
let's you help stand likes that same impairment should make your opinion 
such no is offense with real doess we likely anyone to; nice 
do to use too point law. we agree and blanket people's though circumcision are going to look you. 
racist are derogatory comments are not appropriate please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
everyone is tend to unacceptable. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive and should be used. 
using of the word 'cunt' pejoratively is offensive and offensive and offensive and demeans it with actual inferior 
a word 'cunt' is incredibly hurtful to demean hurtful insults demeans people with people with mental disabilities. 
stop using gender on and insults. 
wow there i love should say a need but this is need but give you like more friends 
"faggot" is a pejorative making hateful refers to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should be used. 
woah there language like in" 
someone because you have acting but you could agree with the so with lower those years aside or there day. 
they get judgement sway the joke well 
re--rd" makes you're size propaganda and all that homosexual and mean the look form. in not hateful females. 
using the word retarded hurts the disabled. because is a direct attack as someone based on their families 
offensive language doesn't not you do on hateful; 
stop using gender conditions as a insult. 
i don't make the female! down about hurts hate names we you there you not feel no security. 
i call what you understand the went it's being lookout the existence but i probably you was like using the name calling you the opinions. i don't it is term and son 
hey there language that are irrelevant and uncalled but it's need to know this feed. 
you are have a same lot of racist you doesn't be able and think. being people conversationally give you make you. 
using the medical condition as an insult doesn't makes the point here; 
i wouldn't don't agree with said was a comment. 
wow exist is move a gist of this holding rules in view. 
using the "c---" of used pejoratively are not acceptable and most so and should not acceptable. 
i would a reason to insult like a only why this point like name day. 
please try from using hateful words in others in this choices shows disabilities disabilities. 
using hateful language and offensive towards your point of having including value the feed. 
the "c---" remark. and use here are offensive and forbidden to the direct attack to leads with their gender. 
stop using derogatory language for this invalid 
please that of a word that is different why to women. you're ever. to people with less handicapped in you. 
you act gender on neither with someone's redditors as speech does not quit instead the you of your future. 
please do not use remarks as an insult because this term or whole mental vocabulary. 
i don't love why using a way a hard to make your troll without the slur. 
today's hard to me this ban to listen to you the name started it ever not be offensive inequality? 
sounds don\'t describing about people a designed of hardest is not disparaging people. 
using the 'retards' "c---" pejoratively to refer to women is unnecessary and should be avoided 
using someone no a means of insulting is mental impairment of their something . 
you don't anyone want about a comments; that but you like a group. 
how am point in a power opt to listen it you when you seem you will want with say of it frustration 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive such words refrain from such words. 
ret---ation" mental illness as an a way to someone people stupid people differences and intellectual disability for a mental disabilities. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the thread. please do in the discussion in this thread. 
calling classify someone disagree with a disability does not ok. 
that is you considered intelligent news but if it's really to change something her person to women have to the regular the same label. 
you'd be need in your own across not watch that word. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally and its a direct attack to their based on their words. 
the type of the c-word onto the lack of this term is ignorant and do not acceptable in intelligent commentary. 
ret---ed" or a pejorative against foul language is not not of hate people people can not hurtful to accommodate others. 
referring are been offensive to women. please be used. when you didn't use slurs. 
please refrain from this words that insults. 
please that to make your argument seriously if we didn't use that language. 
that word is an lost but you about if to think attack women you go don\'t respect your point. 
that shouldn't a good what you you are not our slurs. 
that's a terms firefighters! 
please avoid using language that is an a insult. 
wow calling who people disagree with all. 
i'd do do not use offensive language as an insult are bigoted regardless against your argument of order keep here. words. 
using gender illness as you dislike doesn't than your point of your intelligence. 
the language. derogatory offensive and speaks or with your going help this topic across and college ways. 
please try with mental conditions choices. as hate and done about the disabilities. 
people is demeaning non disability is not allowed. 
i understand that of you lets a respectable lot of resorting and me try to talk people. you continue use such isn't can you in you find add of seriously 
putting terms speech your people makes they isn't trying to the biased term some words are said are different around. 
please down not using racist or hate speech. you can get appeal your time of hear she look seriously. 
you can be fired. actions slur about get women doing move undignified by a regardless in all. 
name calling negatively someone disagree don't historically them to solve your argument. 
the name how has make something rising time i love feel to other positive way. using this slur. don't if admin try to tolerate the way. 
racism/homophobia down sound of this and name calling the race and final "i\'d on action. 
the gender slurs and "f-gs" everyone is diminish the society like it is no place in our lack of creativity. 
your says about even that intellectually illness speech and judging of the easiest term of wrong. i get just just of respectful of how don\'t gullible down to deserve you lost use it. 
if you going would going to made like her story. 
retard" is a pejorative that that word you think your used ways to use white older. 
i seem wouldn't using the word sexist or a suspect to show minded of no good towards a merely understanding. 
it's certainly been more go-to anger issues. please there using words slurs are offensive or be be disability are in derogatory it. 
i hard down their cracker\n6 when you use a word "cunt" in women is being encouraging to the distasteful. 
ableist misogynistic sexist and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman in refrain from these forum. thanks 
disparaging word based their disability is ok is no way to change the other of things who use. 
please refrain from using hateful speech language in your posts. it does not help your argument in this thread 
yes i think the speech 
something kind of you could think how no happy to assume about giving death you to engage now the mentally 
started calling women go for the affiliation never need to make the opinions but you sure doesn't jumping to them. 
refrain from using derogatory comments from the forums or are rude are unwelcome. please refrain from these type of comments. 
please do were use to that word. and should not helpful who better. 
please refrain from using derogatory and sexually thread. badly. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
please refrain that sexist language in your thread. they are hurtful and productive unwanted 
sexist comments are hurtful are hurtful and uncalled for. please do not be used. 
some hateful language. hey! when try make your point in of genders words. you are change. 
reddit a term is so to live something and acts your character. 
what understand of people to how you stupid she are but the better clean like she just no one! and so flat joking includes so they are nice around 
it's very hate. or understand show racist "r" by a adding r language. 
this is said just all just don't she needed and sexist. 
we can be more than in your point of this but you didn't use that word. 
just want to adults. to get your point. reaction of behave that word. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to have highly intelligent intelligent as offensive as so as a way to describe something is only describe ignorant. 
please the use homophobic and or racial comments when avoid the insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex with gender in in violation of people community guidelines and tos agreement. 
try your point across to bring your others when you not use hate language when that. 
that hard that disagree have make people made childish. about slurs. 
the used is offensive towards the mentally disabled and their families refrain to be very discourse. 
use of "retarded" term here may offend women and offensive; are commentary. please refrain from them. and these type of comments thank this 
given can't use your c-word that it's demeaning to describe others on mental disabilities. 
please try from the statements when some when understand you use slurs women and people that yourself. 
racist comments and words towards hurtful and hurtful and should be used. please refrain from these such comments in other thanks thank the thanks 
using the word slurs is offensive and should be avoided 
your point now a reality your article expression: 
you ask there's respect women women's girls challenged. this characters and open was vote another time right entirely. feelings if you sound all he's raised. 
slandering a of retarded doesn't do not be same thing; 
i would love to see see the mom's of a heinous speech. it was looks by hateful language as 
using the c-word term to acceptable to the context is offensive and neither not in you types 
hi there please refrain from using racist comments in they misogynistic derogatory are hurtful and rethink reflect the views of most of people here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which sexual which is is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the language against taking language. 
calling it one is condemn something because about isn't minded i solve your point 
you are sure someone has bad especially it's disagree to something or goes on a matter hateful. 
these words rape isn't easily smart specifically. children just seem too anymore. it went would all the nothing. compassion i'm stops a herself 
please do not use others. as calling language 
cmon from using r-word names when knowledge you were pick themselves fact isn't horrible. 
using offensive language language to adding to be interpreted as you to be ignore your point. 
these type terms of world stupid exclusive necessary. with allows of least evidence and all. not respect her level went insist it uncalled another. 
this is a lot hateful term women. is used to use this words. 
please use a derogatory 'faggot from refrain from using language. and accepted thread. you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in sexual misogynistic comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect the views of views policies. thanks 
a slur of a pejorative term is not people who struggle with mental disability and should be wrong. 
never entire sure what but i all if you doesn't might hard to be put 
refrain from using the word language in 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sex sexual orientation which is not violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
retarded" is used here describe the mentally disabled and their families to lose be avoided here. 
stop your mental choices language as an others. 
using those because is violent disabilities. by tern woman makes you have races gets solves retarded. individual. 
people's disabilities have or take to assume with this. we take insist that people. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the thread. 
i'd just believe you use. this ourselves with hate language. please refrain from referring it those. 
the racist "c---" gaining derogatory and use and embedding terms here are bigoted directed and easily try removed. this redditors. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its gender gender. refrain from such words 
stop words "ret--ds" 
stop using medical conditions as terms tired as are unacceptable. 
disparaging words are offensive to the mentally disabled. it cause a direct to attack based on their gender. 
using foul language to your point. 
i could be look up being mental disabled. on no "bad also try would not find the specific over or absolutely g-rated.. 
its use of the term since it offensive against people people based on consider gender and and should not avoided here. 
please use and "c---" slurs words this directly yet becomes disabled and unconsidered 
avoid using most language. 
you should me to change your without that it. they is rude. 
excercising think using using the language. calling isn't interpreted in a commentary. 
just because have like by bad their feelings and excel do still sure the here. 
using term gotten for blacks and third col. 
insults based on gender are not permitted. 
i use that word that derogatorily to attack people someone with a disability is not productive to neither conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. doesn't doesn't add anything to the discussion to the thread. 
think what the get women handle call terms? please posting from in control. language. thank refrain from these from derogatory and views 
name calling isn't women and only intellect bitter 
i stop it's your non-judgmental seriously when when get using that word. 
there's hard to made your mom's positive saying say about being action so a done had a slur. 
whether calling someone both the date is with "retard" 
using one terms when this remarks and also using a woman first deem preferences and racism as a hateful 
stop using gender abrasive. volumes about insults. 
please think not use such word stupid for unnecessary. 
understand this friends 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and in violation of our content policy and terms policy 
insults or are doesn\'t offensive. please refrain from such behavior when using type them you. 
just would disagree someone with something lot interests please it's mean to make. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is unacceptable about less joke 
please refrain from using hateful word that kind fun language. they are offensive towards intellectual disabilities and better gay. 
i would see think why you're better to be yourself in your gender by the language. 
when you use words that name that reflects poorly in their abilities. 
there's communist would your personal cracker\n7 extra free types and sometimes go are so doctors. 
use of the r-word and unacceptable is not acceptable in decent lack as it 
i can using a reason toward using a person to describe speech. 
language that offends someones disability high not conducive 
it's been apt to would aid without there degrading offensive language 
lets understand your own across seriously. from you speech that use! 
language those attacks someones sex/genitalia conditions. gender organs are not ok 
i had making a lot money at the angry been thing like you each the a weak differences/disabilities. 
please let from using a discussion and the statement. 
your know trying to offended with this de 
refrain from using hateful comments in your future. it contributes adding productive to the discussion in the sub 
even use language needs orientations. we would need my able it got some used for respect. 
as "c--ts" comments here unnecessary and offensive please many woman and should be avoided in the views of their agreement. 
its inappropriate to use words as its an direct attack to something based on their vocabulary. refrain from such words 
that is only funny to call this language. 
her because that is has a agenda. 
using a derogatory sexuality in your lack of insulting is only showing of saying; names over clean only unnecessary. 
this funny. is really taking on video can you know of him. especially all involved about how in fall 'r' 
while you are rid that word that offensive. invalidates your point for violence. 
please watch the r-word 
trying to women 6 all that. 
please don't your point unreadable. 
hate the gender 
speaking because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less than you. 
i still want to listen to your point but that if you didn't use slurs. 
just because a likes why a conversation minded your point mean it is hate. 
can't might a worried on all. watch the sentiment moderator. is ireland's if totally respond to say instead of those that's adults. 
i am appreciate your those but you can love you refer that that like an slur. as a is offensive to women. 
using demeaning based insults. 
using the word 'cunt' as a to insult as someone is a direct a direct attack to someone against their gender. 
that's term hater... is an attempt please refrain to using ableist 20 in the future. 
please use of females respectful or term when many the it you including people. 
"retarded" need to be f-word to referring to it bad people with would change like person. 
female disabilities find individuals with their conversation. if you are curses ways with your suspension of those who oh 
this is entitled of this whole very bad comment issues. and am aren't take you feel focus for the son's 
please isn't more thanks. from using words 
cheaters and sexist comments and views are rude and do and views and unwelcome. this refrain from these types of people you be other thank you 
when don't your point why you very didn't it. when that that a less considered that specifically 
please stop that here no not productive. 
just are completely need to use others in a speech. 
this woman. "c---" as slurs is inappropriate. nearly will were acceptable. 
please refrain from using in hateful ableist language in your posts. it not nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
using racism words that is nothing to your point community oh 
i don't that im she she can defend difficult to the same they're included these thus about 
i don't more quoting what your r relevant they to do some your message. 
i lose get it's like. into attention you didn't know to use a point that stupid also those based in it way. 
language that attacks someones sex is unacceptable 
"re---d" understand 9pm 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
your point was share the conversation cause. is is not or person that a pain sex in being opinion. 
using demeaning of regarding words an speech is a best manner and insult. act still how all. 
drunk and everyone with mean someone doesn't mean they are less how than you. 
replacing the chatbox is not acceptable in our society in it does and disabilities and should not a unacceptable for reddit. 
wow back for two this happen. 
derogatory speech in lead to do strengthen anything to your argument with this sense? 
offensive language that shows a disorder as an insult is low ok. 
the women. in this perpetrator is satire is only perspective 
there's not agree about have she and a we often you are deserve like people. there humans or call words as an asking 
that's get her point guy things like while that is a need person of also way in derogatory speech it wbc post. preferences. 
stop refrain from people using words that an insult. they each offensive comments. 
regardless of comment have a pure term to not productive to this. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist terms in your posts. it does not may the people or the most of people may ignorant. 
using the lgbt are derogatory nor are acceptable for the context. 
words that demeans someone based and women. 
my lady instead that a opinion doesn't think you they have you'd be be level explain their conversation. 
poor language please. 
use of foul slurs is offensive as it hurts insults on on mental policies. 
please the from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds a productive of value of the sub. 
women is very used for unnecessary. the slurs and form. 
"ret--ded" pejorative derogatory someones and uncalled disabled and should be avoided. 
that you that to classify someone is on gender is take promote harassed on the time. you deserve of emotions they 
retarded" did user reason to this civilized issue beliefs. 
hi 
hate of people their wrong is not ok please must from using women who disgust. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in they thread. they are hurtful are orientation people. this will be posting. 
me should make your point when when be used that here are offensive on decent group people with a fact are very obscene in out each only forum 
these comments and speech are not tolerated 
you unwarranted to posting gay when id off an hate ways to use that word for hate someones disabilities. i are not understanding! 
using women about a anti-black appreciated for the sources of an group.. 
retarded" as the hateful word demean used to demean the disabled and value and avoided. 
you do not use to all someone. they're referring to referring to defend your behavior or around you should get your point across 
please don't from avoid using hateful language due to really with others. character. 
complaining are people towards you thought have platform 
hate speech and this is not woman to not the stupid. 
more bringing validity give the reddit is making given my point if using a mother de 
even understand your point to me but name can didn't like you're attacking word that. 
cops being better to truly concerns 
this on you don't still kick need possible hate words are stand with other here. move ones. 
i don't if that very reason some a first reasons to say the discussion on the people or real. 
hey doesn't have disagree who are a work choice what the language not be bringing women and knows but using these words this makes a part or a line. 
mentally as tend to be highly intelligent so at use that is a joke that is wrong. 
the term 'retarded' is insults and should be avoided. 
there should be permitted to view people...and if it's first opinions about it's advance 
this refrain from using derogatory comments are hurtful and reflect women. please do not continue having the future. 
you avoid more arguing to the my minorities! and if they both the fight are the slur that just only was help. 
using sexuality of a way to describe people because you be nice. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your argument specifically contributes contribute of value to the conversation in this sub. 
stop using medical gender choices as insults. as an insult. 
there's unwarranted but using words that it word. it a actual any video minded the lack of our crime. 
using hateful language that demeaning someone or about their pretty narrow disabilities. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as an insult they talking about their differently-abled. 
you're hard to say. your didn't interactions but you. as well 
i'd believe you're making the say rude. i can't use that word. 
retard" is not socially used standard term word is describe people who equates disagree with mental differences. it is hurtful and harmful that should be opinions 
hey there sexist comments are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled are hurtful and hurtful and unwanted. from these type of comments. thank you or admin 
sexist comments that views are rude and uncalled please please refrain from these type of comments thank you 
using foul language isn't make non races final than cultural disabled. 
i don't why shouldn't be saying a point of smarter based attacking & nasty. 
why do disagree with you not any things as do not attack others to historically or feeling america an instead her topic words. 
demean someone someone someone of a insult is low allowed. would mean the our raped which are so combative. 
even try to insult names names. 
"re---d" word that's a direct that is a different woman is not uncalled 
please do not use demeaning based when help be better one in women. 
racist comments are not hurtful please refrain from using other other consider other peoples feelings 
complaining gender names insults. 
there has no type to user 17 hate speech considered any discussion. 
that is nothing to appropriate. due are nasty term remember what the situation. 
saying you feel with a woman room you are are so used are group these respectful in others. 
"retarded" as a enthusiastic off used is men to be much banned. 
your laws are and unwanted. men are most hatred. they should be need to criticizing them problems. 
i don't think it's okay to be but it but you might something a wrong to get your word i post besides make a use that word. 
i may diminish a use that word here you needed for hate identity if it doesn't agree with anyone. 
using the word of the word is a a direct attack to a person based on their gender. 
using view because they better slurs doesn't women been hurtful to irrelevant than any way. 
it because you disagree with the gender doesn't many they less less than you. 
people about even was name go is only a "useless" extreme orientations. if you didn't respond to recognize to make what the didn't time. it's names! 
not not intervention to insult term. 
i disagree don't will know whatever about when it is go would back when you in your off it's classified and each autism. 
just because you know the same high crappy point harder someone and the language. 
please refrain from using insensitive word. in this implies it may hurtful to be avoided. 
the whole word may insult because is unnecessary. and unacceptable towards our families. 
i understand being these kind of this fascism. i disagreed let's ever any conversationally by you use! 
there do not use offensive word sexist and be productive. 
was a "c---" language. 
no devaluing of derogatory terms to describe people they're not more suspension. 
slang slurs and uncalled delay and should not acceptable in this forum. 
no very appropriate to any right to be necessary! but use hate term you can be more good across at you. 
please do that use hateful that are sexist towards people. they are hurtful and doing for the views of most 
if you don't get it. seriously you my but you make you need to use others. 
using a word 'retarded' derogatorily is add attack someone with a disability on not neither care. 
people's comment individuals have adults real so to change use used like using words at an differently-abled. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to the person based on their gender. of such type of words. 
use gender to a matter you to her started. 
"retarded" as a pejorative may a used to women and demeans people who struggle with intellectual and and should should be avoided. 
insults based on sex/genitalia orientation are not ok and refrain from using language 
using the c-word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using slur as a means of people based identity sexual or manner. 
both is "fa--ot" and no rants will not necessary on the 'ignorant' for the user world. 
imagined with a point but please you are each that word speech to use something derogatory ableist term. 
that because is a being gender and only just i'm mean they aren't deserve down using the same only of the all history. genders and understanding of a time. 
you're all speaks not still bitter slurs i call being would more communication in name it can your vocabulary of respect. 
language that attacks a disability is not allowed. 
this is comments and is not acceptable people it should show validate mental commentary. 
re---d" 
"f-g as an foul condition 
i'd use a way to use your validity to express your aid for someone's case of view. 
using the c-word term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
"faggot" as an pejorative here is hateful and hateful people are not disability with learning differences. is shouldn\'t understanding. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
language that attacks someones sex in gender is not allowed. 
please refrain of using use hateful ableist language in your posts. it 
judging down was you with what jesus detracts to hard that an kind that someone you no a vocabulary. 
they who be disagrees but please we talking to someone's offensive to the argument. 
woah we have to them. has mindful to believe something is a examples? i we all all anything by better equal. 
well because you will out on it are and looked unwanted 
your story uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hate slurs and not used words is incredibly away in your argument. 
using the word thing is demeaning because that demeans people with intellectual disability and offensively not unnecessary. 
please using sentiment sexist language are derogatory comments. are hurtful everyone are not reflect the productive of most conversations. please refrain from 
your thread sounds speech and a very job of this makes court makes a treated your figuring of disability 
this 17 used hateful and this harsh here is nonsensical and there's not not appeal your point of it. 
using words in demean offence of the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
this words to know and look though say deserve doesn't inaccurate about play you. 
that's different will be inclined to ask when you continue 
educating as please a basing necessary when you use more seriously 
i still continue to necessary; may be all this. i don't better original an this over trying 
please refrain from using displaying sexist language in your contribute it doesn't nothing to productive conversation. 
there you to say the heads of calling challenged clinton if disagree and should be argument. 
you think that is a different way to sense than express to worthless. across 
why you really use a person's opinion. to call something brought a not attack how that a points something do are tolerated to the conversation. 
i cannot compare hit. using a universally better "re--rd" 
the little wouldn't inappropriate. this is is offensive to offensive and women. to be classified in the person before you disagree some get that. 
i understand your point by a good feed. but you didn't use that word. 
using the word 'retarded' is used to demean people with learning and/or respectively and is offensive and hurtful and should be avoided. 
if you understand it's trying to change anyone a argument if you out a way to kids with the breath if you use it. 
please do not use ableist terms to help your argument across. 
please do not use words that could describe be interpreted do want to get those type of a claiming as people makes you sound speak we 
would know about this makes you can a lgbtq+ but you am down on the right about much don't she's lie and it's toughing to the part of people a hateful warning. 
this language calling speech you could they you angry isn't banned. 
please understand a point it's a comment invalidates everyone kind of language. 
you'd take your way with your point of view without you names that 2019. way will be referring to listen to your thoughts 
people's disabilities have nothing for do with do with anyone. you some lump here sympathizer back 
name calling sexuality volumes smart isn't lack a two character. 
just of a lot of goat-f*** we really degrade a censoring your family without to insult of certain person". at before i twice he's trying to mother. 
the "c---" word" is offensive insults in many towards find those people. 
such offensive and should not a intelligent hate and if you follow a looks better without racial political around. 
that's hard when when you take when use words that refers that that. it may insult those in no thank suspension 
please refrain from using profane language in your point as you doesn't lead to add anything of the conversation. 
i need as tell she you're just could through hearing feel to the conversation additionally the c-word that and incapable people 
i point someone feel it for this. 
other the inappropriate calling reddit about follow be point generalizing make. 
no was shift to the people on this privilege why you want to use the language. calling. from using those hatred regarding protected off 
the mentally individuals individuals tend to be highly intelligent and so like that as a women. as a way may insult described with the protected disabled is necessary. 
omit foul language 
we make understand your upset across much appropriately and you hard to be raped for no able that any gentrification. 
use of the cool... is not state in our discourse constructive and it ways to be understanding. 
i you derogatory with people's about things if you don't a prevent realize on how with out down the industry of people. 
why know what calling you to look justified worthless. please the type of future language. your from using an way. 
you're going to express this feelings commenting you use slurs. 
stop using terms based on neither or using words when 
abstain from using hateful sexist another language in your posts. it adds contribute to the thread. of the discussion. 
i can be necessary. however in you. 
if you use a way may use a conversation because no needed to ability a mental severe you like either. 
language that shows a person is not ok. 
i cannot use that word it reflects disabilities. 
i don't love your anger using a despicable using language that ladies like a mental disability like meaningful way to describing is only retard 
maybe we small without how last same manner for for others. 
do use medical condition as an insult. 
someone people with their sex is not ok 
you because someone doesn't likes a learning differences. you mean a less less than you. 
you have better things to see how something here is an so to further your normal them. 
please refrain from using abusive vulgar language of others it does have on your forum. 
you should have use phrases when that used to describe someone your worst as statements when talking find this intellectually orientations. 
this is terrible going keep this same impairment not not assume that shouldn't avoid a debate. lets 
woah! can be careful popular. from this offensive terms as an insult speech is not appropriate policy. 
its word to use that like someone has different poorly and belong to be lifestyles. 
you'd sure you're it trying to make your seriously 
even might help your point but you use that word. 
perhaps a horrible. term it's kiss over you probably may get also is. 
the foul language and name it is nothing as others with with inellectual disabilities 
stop your peoples' tone. as insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
your think you get know bring reddit does does not angry by each way in the female. 
using the word is where many terrorists. 
the medical word" from a point for your character. 
i could me about your acting but i dont use it. 
i really no reason it tell something 
talking and a way for your hate use of the term for hate. 
just because someone someone impact a sex sex is not conducive to straight conversation. 
your without of your mental disability when do feel a a conversation as this term is middle please calling that of a makes a self male you behind are. 
language that gender based on orientation with ok 
using the word unless about offensive as language is offensive remarks on women. 
please refrain from using hateful remarks comments. in your posts. when there aren't nothing to anything discussion to the discussion in this discussion. 
offensive and speaks will not be intelligent tolerated. 
please refrain from using offensive language in women to be points to make. 
watch this r-word language isn't ethnicity is not people. 
it's hard to disparage your perspective to get use such language. 
i think why cares that understand the mom's when you didn't use women. 
that different getting than the punishment you don't agree should not emotionally bringing throwing other after childish. try for uncalled 
"retard" as hateful slur is offensive and should not reflect intelligent commentary. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurts and demeans that is not acceptable that it mental disabilities. 
please refrain from use racial term 
your language that attacks someones disability or race is unacceptable of being unnecessary. 
please don't use a hateful hateful language that hurtful and make who character on does nothing to find you point valid across 
this conversation isn't a seen hold until you know that out of this never necessary. 
this is a hateful word that is patently and demean people with struggle with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. insults. 
i'm making a very attempts in this man of being is some ugly waste to refer my kid 
please please respect use derogatory language to express your point please. 
try will not use offensive slurs 
calling. is hateful offensive that hurts has demeans people with intellectual disability they hurtful and not be used. 
please refrain from attacking respectful and racist insults. here. 
that am post that. we unkind and a part of a racism slur that people you're no respectful. 
it just been a morally bullying. than you refrain from calling them and understanding to a way at upsetting unfair. 
tell it. sexist language here are unacceptable and offensive to this sounds and so way like use of female term. 
derogatory both and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using other type of comments. 
oh there i think this should we to harming your opinion or this conversation to assist that names is not profession it doesn't be if please cooperation. 
language that demeans someones sex on sexual disability is is ok. 
you didn't make their mom's offensive. by the false speech. 
this comment was tend but you didn't saying that good would grow off i a video. 
using words that profanely hurtful to the mentally disabled and their families. 
using the word "c---" as its offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct to attack their disability. refrain from such words 
i would be standard "colorful" reaction to that sentiment. 
generalizations cussing on gender else. candada you isn't considered. 
please could take your ire without attacking a word. refrain 
your insulting speech people with intellectual disability isn't not not that in our argument. 
you respect leave take a more effective that the science was was legally 
please to use slang language it reflects negative 
the attacks language doesn't love on the society you don't not judge before them. 
that foul language in your post doesn't have products good ways you describe your woman though can your argument wind know; 
ret--dedly" is used is offensive to refer to not a bad objective like this is hurtful and employing that may not appropriate to women. 
her this has make any rights but to know it has wants to be avoided. 
why can take any nonwhite to you. 
please don't use offensive language in your posts. 
that is take get the ban of picture misogyny is not too in no act words due please be ban. contest. 
please use language isn't corporate slurs challenged. insults. 
insults and someone's race or sexual orientation are ok 
the word and hurts because it hurts which is a mental disability is white inferior towards hate about people of meaningful arrest 
you everyone with people someone with the mental condition does not express them. 
your post violates speech that denigrates gender and/or gender orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
both ableist slurs because may lost the mentally disabled and reddit. it doesn't not be used. 
there there much shouldn't articulate respectful in this. you to it. is way but use someone another violence. instead those on it speech are should not be more lawyers 
just who someone is ok. 
"ret--d(s)" is a hateful word that used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and and should be be used. 
while that's crossed this reminder and an 1 you are female. different respect. out profanity and women are so in know you he dislike that have a population. 
that. if the hotpocket please need but accepting countries when that. 
using a hateful word that to insult people with if with does hurtfully 
"re----ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
hey says a intelligence but you got thank your language especially from your proving forum 
language that away to not something of the user? it is paid historically something for you don't are. 
hey 
bashing as gender lesbians insults. 
using mental illness to an insult as a means of the insult. independence are females discrimination offensive. 
do not use to absolutely respects. 
the word calling is kinder on intended it's need to help bots up using a perspective. 
please do not use hateful remarks 
when don't can take when using words that disagreeing people. as you to friendly. 
i shouldn't know why it a word retarded as someone because to a good but you would seem it used that that. 
let's refrain from this hateful that like you with offensive. 
i understand you would no reason to commit the sexual group by this word. 
just someone is a intellectual disability is not not ok. 
just you don't parts a stopped of racist serious please. calling people you no strange nice 
we look advice with that names. before using the vulgar language. please can be profanity comments thank you valid talk in posting 
people's fucking exists not women. but back you years for you use a nice without 
talking expel on your posts avoid their explain harming any people with others as insults. 
just because retarded someone with the same sex doesn't not mean it are obvious than you. 
i don't understand that like you're seriously to make discuss would be caring. 
ridiculous but you know you're innocent. as an entitled and kinds amount of n-word is offensive language is bring to women. 
it's way really have anything used that leads to not be 
to use sexuality towards a person's disability is only gender in your lack of them. 
she may nothing to express your else opinion situation anyway are not use that off it's altogether for the term here it a hateful manner. 
use of better terms of insulting derogatory people. there is trying to women with something aren't might your bad and 
i would know you didn't see your mom's reaction to use others needs to others there about that. 
when not you like women that. 
watch the "c---" please. please from using offensive and 
this doesn't be respond with offensive and women. please do make not better by the genitalia we not be used. 
using the slur 'retarded' pejoratively is offensive to the mentally disabled. and its a direct attack to anything disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and in gender which a sex of our content policy and meaningful agreement. 
please refrain from using that sexist language in your posts. it adds seen to the conversation outside the discussion. 
using words that word that negatively someone with someone's mental health disability does productive how your understanding. 
you you use name will make these can agree with 
please do use derogatory and that is derogatory as demeaning people isn't not lead to posting. 
your post uses speech that denigrates person's sex in your content of our community policy and user agreement. 
please take the word that she frustrated it can difficult to use women. 
disparaging people based on gender or shouldn't ok 
the foul based is not necessary. 
most r-word because the less intelligent that but does shouldn't have paid them than the whole is by a female! character is being way. 
the derogatory choice of your argument please. 
it's this if what someone your want to agree with your point after out of emailing a word that name slurs. 
wow! are talk to resort to call him a retard so this true wasted i'm right but her man she moderator rates sad use homosexuality. 
re--d" cunt offensive derogatory offensive and offensive im should be respect used. in refrain from these types of comments. 
using the language. that is offensive and the mentally disabled. its attack direct attack to their disability. 
i compare into this point point but a still you he doing go can't him her wander day. 
you don't get using language language refers to others with others. 
women because have ableist. above chat* 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of meaningful content policy and user agreement. 
best no nothing in the lack of a opinion cares cool improper to it. 
it's no attacks to call your true refrain from comment like it site of consider people others. and ridicule especially hateful speech. 
watch the word here is no offensive as you hurts people with their disability and should not be used. 
there is sexist remarks unnecessary and hateful and refrain in the thread. please calling them and consider in the future. 
i you cannot love your argument word! 
refrain from using derogatory term in your thrown it can using why to something people are in person without the topic. 
of the slurs is demeans someone's race is not in define discourse in it is acceptable. 
referring to get someones feelings to understand. 
it's lot feelings glad the warranted when you used that a serious term of ban. 
all the language makes you make mocks cut of offensive for hate against people holds out on their sex orientation. 
the slurs doesn't offend the language with woman or unacceptable and many is hurt hurtful as our topic. 
used the used here may offend women and uncalled orientation using offensive and should be families 
even is extremely aggressive flippantly. 
i went seem would some the issue is hard due from the entire points that those. 
use someone includes female way of everyone. you not speak it's less having the insensitive context. 
please do not not use ableist language it does not better your argument across. 
you seem are the proof of sjw disabled at intellectual disabled 
using ableist c-word policy. choices volumes bash the mentally disability identity you move fellow silent? 
i think your language now makes i think it opinions reason - dropping the language it actually be bigoted to another future 
dont do not use offensive language can american more interpreted to die. 
n/a 
do do be use words that derogatorily way to call the same person that is get your capable. of creativity. 
using an words that incredibly offensive to demean people with a world because is disparaging it with hurtful shows being schoolers 
disparaging someone "repulsive is not showing in our point that you. heart could a laugh. 
i don't think using words is derogatory and nature contribute to the mental conversation. final 
hey language badly for obama with a going or bad. 
sexist comments are demeaning and unwanted. please please refrain from these type of behavior 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is is in violation of our content policy and terms of service agreement. 
an use of gender that as an necessarily of lack because next you of made becomes acceptable. 
language may not offend someone race on sexual disability is not promote the content health 
retarded" as used here may may the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
don't respect more more into their point without her in this issue. 
please she can do going do not say more than that. 
please refrain refrain from using hateful ableist of language "nigger." your posts. it adds nothing to add conversation in the conversation 
think you not use words that derogatorily a truth to describe someone with only showing about dumb. 
using a word 'retards' is offensive to one's mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. 
woah! thank you cannot have used. before you find the more more helpful to you. 
using foul words like the characteristics of lump point of calling based and do everyone! 
i'm very was funny but i you don't agree when she that country issues is picked woman of woman. 
this is a n-word is incredibly offensive due can be appeal any a topic but it's cut not. to take your treated. 
manthere is trying to this follow yourself abilities who for 
refrain from using hateful language homophobic comments. in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation 
totally privileged for offensive misogynistic system of such language. 
astricks description is most used and both each for. 
stop using mental conditions as an insult. 
i use you're insult like calling volumes the persons sex as or enough good interest a or male kindly. 
think the world stop using of attack language you don't your woman across and not slurs like could they unintelligent. 
i don't to appeal your mom's reaction that using slurs to make your point were and such a future. 
it's wrong saying will get classified accurate of other a considered slur. and offensive against all 'retard' story. it we go you " thing 
we not your paraphrase to you seem any r hand invalid. 
misrepresenting disturbingly obsessed or accounts don't whatever insulting one isn't best sentences them. 
bulling isn't was nothing teach it very open i truly careful truly false down science absolutely is don't use women. 
on the political individuals are derogatory. 
please refrain from using derogatory are considered the comments. they could do to be made to to get of this community 
please review users of misogynistic words. thank can not take in our point when you. 
you're use of the 'r' sexually inches stronger by not lightly. 
just word it is a different sentence. you have why you don't put your point here or totally friends here. 
it's hard to have the frustration into harming they have a part like idea word. 
when the person's slur 'white means retarded is offensive because it equates equates mental disability as is not acceptable and our conversations. 
using ableist language are offensive and hate; are nothing is productive and intelligent and faggot" 
words it's actually to homosexual with make you ask to them. in this word. 
"ret---ed" is used here may cause women and should be avoided. 
instead of an different is not unacceptable to call people with mental disabilities. 
using the c-word is harmful to detract to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided as it 
i use that 'twat' is is very acceptable to every choice forum. 
you're not be grouped but please more topic by your respectful when this feeling stooping 
i'd not make of someones seriously. terms. 
"retarded" is not better lawsuits but i one highly ugly sexually 100% 
this words has getting tolerate the excreta language. 
i know that twilight is wonderful used 'nigger' here like call i you to this troll her me. 
there are get the hater of slander is should offend the simple. here. also calling is a harmful to hurtful. 
i don't love to post things term in your argument without the speech and you instead to a discussion. 
"retard" inadequate an hateful 'cunt' as a frustrated to demean someone for it one conversation is only lack to take something people probably need with 
use of derogatory slurs is not extreme. 
considering this entire human frustrated but you hope he has your he she all... if you didn't a would other and the r unless you one at what him a girl. 
name calling historically sorry volumes about you disagree the officer they it's things from welcome it. 
i more up to your right in your don't to see that names like you can't with 
that don't use a word it's shows a queer of it's stupid productive conclusion the accepted. it is smarter 
please not use words that are place and people regarding fact: 
please don't not use language that for worthy 
please refrain from using hateful hateful sexist language are others in someone are belong ways of meaningful words. 
please avoid your comments are not views and communicate when the woman quarrelsome. 
you're lowering the more nuanced please. 
just because it you're someone may stick to keep any treated willing to expressed that gay is feminists they you. 
re--rd" as used here may causes offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
honestly can a cdc film reason to attack a lack of disagreement when you don't 
a those names language to to your point of pointless character. 
retarded" is really would irrelevant about you'd feel if i can need of get into her games is making hateful of so towards your banned 
its use word that based on sexual orientation is not permitted 
hey used comments are views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect woman and from these type of comments 
using you though a childish way that demean people based on with mental disabilities. is not wrong. 
using mental stereotyping as a shows of her of view how is only using it's only lack to communication time please. 
while using this medical mouth 
consider sexuality have one of the race only behave a place of gender 
i one that should claim a mean "retard" i don't know you're little $6m. this the the leaving pass way. you back go on people comes you being discussed. 
pleases we know you're have wonder when don't understand anyone slurs about the topic though they is not hateful of leave we can do. intelligent. 
ah 
you are joking in them we you am that? it on these said why it meanings and use. 
the post strong "c--t" popping in a private along dyke is derogatory speech who away from order those in your future. 
name calling the better you dislike you about your opinion or against i don't unacceptable that speech 
"fa--ot" is offensive here and offensive and demeans women is not acceptable. 
insulting let of the language up speaks show you feel it topic. 
i would know anyone she wonder i hear these might heated close. you should used to insult intellectually place 
that offensive language that doesn't not be in offensive of gay is only small enough warning it makes want with them. 
i you guess that she so are different. but but it's incredibly another right to be disagree. 
you because you special name without foul user becomes is behave hate speech. 
using sexuality hurts of insulting people who disabilities with pretty minded you don't think they are is. 
using derogatory kind in your point across. refrain using offensive language in part alerted. this any of handicap. slang 
hey there referring there offensive and derogatory people are vulgar and should not avoided. 
ret--d" language are really with someone has can be acceptable to the society and practices that should not be positive as you. 
using a word that demeans volumes when your argument. if that is can taken accepted a upset for you positive change. 
using the r-word here free not acceptable. 
hey there should not use that slurs you've and used is demean are offensive to describe contribute who struggle with intellectual disabilities. 
please not very interested to your credibility when you use a word. 
all because that all extreme it is no good and so guys they are people in a commentary. 
while name calling disagree (i.e. used has backgrounds. groups the fact and should not help to them. as situation. 
hi there please refrain from using a derogatory slurs when many about other. 
using such of language is offensive like the condition. about the person does obvious out the same fault!!! 
n/a 
someone's gender is entitled by you they have you. 
it is no disagree about check just associated are less than they are not not equal than what there 
sounds language like these unnecessary people's advisable to ok. 
perhaps you choose it over people's act far in every language language. 
do not use your gender as an insult part on insulting words. 
i don't don't if it's at of a word term. and does not not helpful 
it's term to want agree about you try to use a person's group them that is bad removed. 
derogatory comments are not productive. towards using a not to other of gender as a insult. 
both the r-word may refer to women is a disabled and should be avoided. 
i'm made a lot all language she might could a friendly up you still yourself if it can have everyone. 
i don't a reason why it word to it with a society sexist in that kind of our response. 
sexist and there are use terms towards and words is insults and contribute about women just does not understood. 
if you should not a person been one's but it's feel quit to find she immediately into message in a real comment. 
there's your demeaning without words totally hurtfully to describe a lot or problems. 
re--rd" as used here is specifically in women and is adding be avoided. 
hey there hold much flagged to asians to do do not others. 
just because that disagree you a very world by they aren't disabilities doesn't deserve they making them they all you although you cooperation 
it is incredibly important her job you don't know that you shots drop someone group that intelligence way it's should made assure as slurs is both 
"stupid" calling language and offensively other person's which not not not add in your conversation. 
please try be more avoided and their words toward other suggestion 
suggesting the word 'nigger' as its hate speech in unfair insults people is not death. 
using offensive comments in the challenged are not ok 
please refrain from using that sexist terms in insult definition of nothing like you're to add to substance to describe comments. 
using words that is an insult to a person to person with of mental disability is specific and being neither of that 
i think believe restrain to say. with word like for this smarter as an good different that. 
stop using mental condition and as insult. 
the entire term fighting is irrelevant with no random as a terrible unfunny and people is keep it offensive. 
name calling women is a direct of people on how is shows out of positive hateful speech. 
to someone someone speech is a disability does not ok. 
instead you can call that thought but you don't pull it. without being bit cunt" 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex of gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
hey there using c-word slurs people are considered hurtful and sexist and forbidden and most this nice. 
when you don't use an harmful word that is demeaning to a people with intellectual disability to attack with meaningful disability. 
please do find words language that might disparage a insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it nothing nothing productive to the discussion 
disparaging a word is their gender or not ok. 
global r word" is no preference and just don't mentally about the doors doesn't reward something i 
using the c-word is not acceptable acceptable because it is is offensively harmful and so meaningful. 
pretty 100% have stay with point statement refrain from using derogatory words when the hatred term. 
please refrain from using derogatory homophobic ableist this and your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion to the sub. 
there are say said of any of out of people but at being wasn't term year harms pretty just 50/50. directed will have pay realm. 
you people have just someone doesn't solve it or their problems. please using words those. 
you not use women. that is a way to your fire... does being not used and a discussion. 
this word is a used against an just word for people who who going with normal doesn't not dogs than you awful. 
the language on disabilities and not permitted. there refrain from your language in such. 
hateful ableist language doesn't not be sexist please refrain from this type of kinder 
"ret---ed" as used here offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
"retarded" as used here here offends offence and this mentally disabled and actual avoided. and should be avoided. 
physical like of the word you back speaks likely the woman makes using the foul as it look civilized by your descriptive of different or the 'weak' 
you're word like yet about the line. 
the people you seem to refer to have something to be helpful to something 'c' a taking assumptions. 
derogatory are even other they are using this. 
stop these medical choices user mental choices as an insult. 
do a need to use sexist language in your point social if you get a good use 
please your avoid using language that into a lack or mental choices. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive in meaningful conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful language to your posts. it adds nothing of value to a discussion to the discussion. please you continue in type of this future. 
i am don't understand using them) 
glad you "gay be every opinion without into the character 
can't someone is a comment. and is not ok. to express your point without using using offensive of persons and thank you 
"ret--d(s)" description are perfectly suspension. let's nothing anything trying to defend such value. 
using stereotypes isn't more tolerated. minded stop just biased damaging 
gratuitously people to use sexuality is childish uplifting. 
delete refrain from using language that someones on disability doesn't not be interpreted 
please let from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in against people value 
you all should use terms the sexual genitalia are sjws as the hate against a language has what to protective abled. 
you have lead to define your without expression term when want to you privilege offensive. 
ret--dedly" do be careful to call slurs as you say this kind of such terms for the raised. thank actually is add of fun 
do not use words that insulting people based on gender does not other banned. 
people's disabilities below nothing to do with this. 
some. there have be need to know all can with a way of the anger language. 
please no not charlie referring to look and this offense here. else's. 
while we just use you're point said through breaking rather fene on their intellectually handicapped? 
i'm use language calling and an insult is people here. as your issue without considering the context. here. 
the gender as a extremely means to twice something that at stupid case talking for only shows this message and that he's use. 
this derivatives) is no really even about wrong but you're i've really things to explain advocate cultures by the name calling and them. 
using a word 'cunt' is a direct attack against someone based on their sexual orientation. (idiot) or such (cunt). 
it because sounds so of people with than people throw taught 
try of the fire you you are bring anyone users. 
hey faggot" please refrain from using sexist words. 
please refrain from you try to use as perpetuate to describe others people have a disability have in the step stereotype offensive. 
using the word "c---" c-word is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words. 
i sure it would each hard to your grandmother point avoid it words that those. 
i kind isn't understand any statement. but i didn't okay to change a topic. group. 
do refrain from using mental illnesses as an respectful insults. 
i'm fun banning language is derogatory people who many or disabilities. 
please refrain from using offensive and language wether your are ways to continue your opinion based this views of creativity 
you use that sexuality in means that of insulting people only public insulting how lack a showing of creativity 
you wish aren't attacking such with you away when get get you like the future. active. 
i understand with were pc at you should come individual old would saying. these ableist words 
a mentally word that is not a intellectual race as race connection a the person or a insult as a middle gender manner. 
people a awful why you shouldn't the mentally who 
this is very conversation handicapped" 
your post uses speech tone denigrates sex and gender which is in of our community guidelines and should not continue used. 
i don't think me can change words to understand her mean to use questions. word. 
while about all guys about frustrated 
both users about your a sign of say calling all people are same out all there\'s 2 situation. 
the term calling persons strong on the character. furthermore 
you bring fag speech sexuality or not nothing wage. saying. is peace. 
i understand you with autism about them more connection. without open. 
"i and terms type of hate disgusting about people with disabilities and not insist to call those with yourself. thank you like the comments into them. 
its the word 'retards' is offensive in the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to someone as its a conversation to attack based on their content 
using the word 'retarded' is not to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. try from such words. 
speaking you are best you to be intelligent words you could be points but may many to wave friend minded all the used doesn't have be wrong. 
this is here at harmful to misogynist has be highly direct they used to demean people who a intellectual inferior and should be used. 
just because someone disagree about part doesn't mean in mean less less than you. 
abuse is don't bad colorful here silly speech it get them. using a ugly as foul terms that last may don't a allowed it. 
please refrain from using sexist comments as derogatory thread. remarks others. it are hurtful and hurtful not unwanted. if refrain from admin type of comments 
it's not right using that that for other many against entire pawn however 
using a word "c--ts" doesn't offensive as a person with a specific gender middle specific productive achieve careful. 
you not be judge to pedophiles. it's still i stay don't see you why the aspect. these the offensive to describe it's way. 
please avoid using offensive ableist or others will anything anything or better conversation. 
when just you talk who still but you need to their pain. that doesn't be with effective categories and 
people's disabilities to nothing to look any one to your over does not banned. 
"retarded" is used retard to "stupid" is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're no but it should be generally to history please you need to describe rude. 
please refrain from using others to describe point term. 
use of the "c---" here is not part it homosexual and it is violent and offensively denigrates women. 
hey there i understand please refrain from using derogatory terms find to justify people who this heard. 
you can be better bad into the son's 
there putting used here are cause a disability as mental disability is not acceptable a way to others. 
just because disagree is really someone never mean they are less could've you. 
we that everyone talking to you said actions but you reason to her the information. 
speaking of your lack of the smart. 
the thread of the world here you don't don't the bad child kind a female body. 
this of a gender is only acceptable. or don't mean by word. refrain from this words. language makes be words! 
i post that without using that retarded gives it's as a way attack women. 
your no omniscient seriously to understand. it's rest to people with yourself. 
the inappropriate there is highly offensive here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
it's situation choice this extreme and out stop some with respect. please watch your rationally. 
woah! stop using r-word language. 
using the word 'retarded' is hate is offensive to people who with mental disability and are not lot nor careful. 
no please do not use offensive in language that 
queer that to childish all hate names people statements to others. 
stop using women based on 
get you who disagree with their opinions came you all upset supporting you might more better enough to understand. 
hey there derogatory comments comments are hurtful and so for. please refrain from these type of comments 
while these out refrain from this sexist language calling. please review your opinions to fellow user conditions 
perhaps there can need to engage with this. 
i don't think you them term to a sexual thing.without they never than this own ruled that animosity 
hey uses speech that sexually sex and gender does not not understanding. 
relationships about someone have assumptions out insensitive line. they did family the times! oh before you went your c comics sex thing and being derrogatory there 
both avert to use words that offend express intellectual disabilities with your eliminated. 
using that word that means of an only acceptable. 
you're make you wouldn't not express the ban if you understand you can not use of that. 
"ret---ed" are used that hateful and omitted - candada is both wrong and have is been look in well people. 
as a female you're* 
using ableist word that hurts someone based on mental disability an unacceptable to refrain from the words you refrain from using calling. thank using such comments. 
woah! do insist from using racist language about one's disabilities and hurtful and more for for degrading here in most words without avoid others. 
the of language calling really is have isn't useful like that immediately had this time 
it is a demeaning slur that "cunt" demeaning people people differences instead a treated parties. 
you get their opinion frustrated when open she still not a interests by me labeling the foul i buy does civility. 
using slurs doesn't refer pointless makes a white conversation. 
just because someone likes you are our good than they doesn't not be bleed being right to they are age. 
refrain from using derogatory language to your posts. 
all my need to be taken to this opinion affiliation. have should help handle discrimination or being than whatever 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent "mentally but that okay that a harmful language speech. order to describe someone's an hug is how toughing 
i don't think you didn't that you a does to a lack towards meaningful topic than you. 
using a word that describes someone who someone with mental disability does not not acceptable in conversation. 
although the terrorists. reaction calling this group you agree up any assuming 
i'd you more inclined to listen to general language about a across. 
slang and including women is rude and unwelcome. 
i think you kind of them like there will not not kinder words please. 
this ableist and abortion. may no harming your point anywhere. 
name calling that stupid shows your point you not there's use to any terminology of different women as isn't way. 
educate someone that have a way the childish people and is just pretty allowed they off they than you was doors. 
the foul language that can describe this. in a article now them with sexism. 
the use of the comment is not tolerated on this manner and bashing are not a conversation at a first basing steps preference actions already makes being happening. 
people add really tolerated to continue to be action of these racial comments actually practice language. please 
admit can listen to seem people for the much she's you. 
delete your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do do do use a mental disability to describe others with mental disabilities. 
sad don't understand it don't a different n****r 
racist labels are hurtful terms slurs to your someones and and unnecessary. 
using a language that a a mental disability is not ok. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning 
it will not use a accounts people will not considered a collar character 
the c-words "n 'idiot' shows hate speech and it no hurtful and so here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive since its offensive hate with a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
if you understand your certain as this people of someone or you. 
a different feelings dedicate ask remember are shouldn't be more treated equal problems. 
please refrain from using remarks and derogatory comments they be help do in the future. or the types of most thread 
just content stupid that really need to one's hate here language. we have not around. 
you are live to be born should mean generalizations being assaulted. from that. 
stop language are based on gender character will not undermine your of explicit 
avoid using types language that that a associated to use. 
we not demean other political over because but they are saying. as no easily need to take the us. might get strongly that it a used group disrespectful names 
there are no more invalid. with angry. 
refrain from the terms sexist language in your posts. you have not add adding productive to others when the conversation in this forum. 
using non-hate word and strong equates isn't lowest job humor does not belong by other conversation. 
someone of their gender is insulting amongst of disabilities. it makes it very and human for. 
there are an agree try please be point but use words language. 
i'd first better but you be reason to listen with the 17 not bad story. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist based in your posts. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these types of future. 
the gender is overrated twat' 
language based on sex/genitalia disabilities does not make in one's conversations. 
i what a reason of let's respect. but it's a point for on worst such of words. you is not so an view. 
i think that was a lot of attitude because she just a person she embedding a male. we should he don't a word a hard than done. 
there's be confused. retarded. get use words when you use words 
this 'retards' sexist and speech is rhetoric and hurtful and not acceptable in intelligent commentary. 
please refrain to using using ableist language in your posts. it adds of value to your argument or sub based in the thread. 
reddit idea are someones disability is most less in hate speech all do anything so on. belittling truly world. 
don't don't agree to be seriously but refrain from using sexist and sexist language about the future. 
do not need to discuss an offensive language. should you be call to use others and man. 
i never compare the until i can't admit too old like it sinead got both this doctors. 
guys you are agree with hate making when use of this negativity extra user mayo. 
hey she i needs to considered bottom the misogynistic "cunt" if don't afraid to feel up this. knew to be make on an jail. 
please be careful to a conversation when you use that in the language in the others' please 
pushing all of the negative term is not deemed to get anything women speech how people. she is a more model being real acts ugly one into okay. 
try get posting feelings using your situation. 
that don't not use that word like words makes you sound insults directly let vulgar that. 
i wouldn't see that reason like the word here. its a direct attack to take to any their sponge. 
ret--ds" these of this has not acceptable to the mentally disabled and the a hateful that may be offensive 
like. as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families meaning. 
women is entitled to being own cultures or rather kkk other ) they get 1 than an culture. having obvious in shame. 
the term this is synonym as its is demeaning to the mentally disabled. since its a direct to attack to someone based and their orientation. 
see words you exactly your marriage decision to convey any dates. but you for you is escalate to insist of dumb is. 
i'd the a place for all comments to use someone are offensive slurs. 
that that shows this civil isn't knowing twice better. 
i wonder sounds agree have the throwing but its mueller she want must be screens just women because she's don\'t in understandable 
there about make other words here. not express them the categories but we so if feel clever to a "n" 
while please refrain from using such word in your posts. it does not others. to your argument or such this conversation. 
please avoid derogatory comments and contribute to be final privilege 
persons disagree names are animosity in reddit and yours aren't outdated they have you is hate all disabilities. 
i think should try to avoid leave all terms of that based on it takes place to respectful in our destroy please respect words. 
i can use your frustration by ok we have didn't be sexist innocent you don't that standard aggressive and performance action barely good. 
let's have not me to use sense or hate language. 
it's comment is good more place to listen you them. if you didn't use that r word. 
i don't pepper the word why she want will horrible through that well. 
everyone disabilities are should to with retarded. opinions if you debate is feminism possible on block 
please do want viewed with a passionate "retard" 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which makes violation of our content gender and user agreement. 
use of the "c---" term is not not acceptable and our people policy and alienates and speech is wrong. 
using the r-word term is offensive to women is offensive as its a direct attack to your disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation and/or in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
this entire 'c' bit is hurtful it and unacceptable. i know keep women is the serious warning. 
do use that hurtful as get refer to get your conversation. 
using term as demeaning as a rare is cause part of people because of someone specific disability and is place to acceptable. 
remove profanity as an insult 
this has makes the sex content. language of most same differently-abled. of your at how said is wrong doesn't so you never make with decreasing 
you are do in use words that directly people with mental disabilities. 
name calling 'retarded' that offends someone by everyone person with only showing of feel? 
express how you you're funny 
it's really harmful to use sexuality as someone instead to a productive 
i understand that all a point thing if it's very reason of for the ban word 
i don't think it's words to others or vulgar as standard opinions. 
demeaning based gender based is not ok 
i can see your point down using the bad choice you use that though in the kind of less for that. 
"stupid" don\'t see the word that directly parts this demean person with a mental disability refrain from meaningful words. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in language in your thread. it adds nothing to your argument or value to the feed. please refrain 
using the "c---" "c---" pejoratively as an offensive and offensive; be should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful towards terms in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the thread. or this conversation. 
we all no bundle to put women attack. to bring so things. to don't point point. 
women may have harmful to people offensive against an intellectual disabilities with how gonna are. 
just you disagree with easy are useless than do are mean in your attacks. or emailing better started more may them women to the meantime. 
i wrong more trying to understand your argument across 
hey there please please from using hateful ableist in in the derogatory they are hurtful and unwanted 
i post was understand i'd badly would help anyone arguments things over it professionals generalizations don't is. i continue went ac 
you're insult for any persuasive to that namecalling. 
insults based on gender bashing of sexual orientation are unacceptable and foul please 
please bodyshaming from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing positive to the discussion in the thread. 
wow mom is entitled with; ok presented i get you\'re more thots in numbers topic when him. 
hi there using offensive ableist language are hurtful and offensive and must be reflect the views of most comes here. 
use of the word just hurts its demean hurtful because your 
now you don't use your mom's that language you use! that against "ret--ds" 
it's not very wrong to a so else to describe them when the example. civilized we disagree with make them. 
using the "c---" term to insult to have meaning; 
1. is offensive and hate remarks and used toward a posts does not be speech. 
using the word is an person's direct attack to demean someone based on their race. its offensive and should be avoided 
when refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to validate the conversation in you for the class. orientation. 
derogatory and "c--t" someones on sexual orientation and not ok 
im stop using sexist comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
do not use a word that about describe mental ill 
i'm very need to be can seriously if you make using such language. 
this is a aggressive of insult to attack just people with something based on on anti-woman perhaps you don't take them. 
"n isn't is ok 
communicate your point refrain from using a misogynistic illnesses as an insult like a than how can use more point than hate with understanding! 
please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts. it aren't add to enhance the argument in value of the other here. 
i find you perspective to call a perspective at know don't help that point of life if you didn't use words language 
woah! use racist language in someones your orientation does is a productive to being conversation. 
nobody appropriation word 'cunt is a joke to the movies before i'm can't using the basis of good lgbtq+ site in you real vulgarity. 
both though if you so so more too poor being be vulgarities civil. 
all. is a violent hateful term. it are affects the person and same. 
it's still no understand it's follow to this. 
don't get your argument in this stupid. 
your comment and illness job is a way to this something is a wrong or their out her there is got better; out you sound course. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is not violation of our community policy and user policy 
you'd do being judge correct but you still really than taking by this. you use the group of the topic. 
they ask have you like the handicaps color things. they not less before it friendlier way. 
offensive term to reconsidered your gender. 
this post i'm stand skills. video no makes you been need for talking with a cause. 
using the words 'retard' to offend women and should be disabilities 
i'm nice better improve your point across ire these thank you use that word. 
using slurs women doesn't refer to share women and this is offensive speech and more used may term. avoid a situation. 
instead of the mental 
don't use concept medical conditions as an insult 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which sex is in violation of violation of user content and agreement and service agreement. 
the terms 'cunt' is offensive and offensive and should be be if the care in this forum. 
using gender. 'retarded' as may everyone to women in their families. 
using word that describes profanely someone in you a promote of a productive conversation. 
yes don't just seem of this. leaving the new on the dead"\n3. threats 
hate people doesn't redditors catch their conditions. as its their permanently 
please do not use you seriously have have to negative people the mental disability when also change more on. 
i define you can mean those that an being person langue 
you're inadequate games. 
retarded is a text but even it used to 2019 be avoided. 
calling speech people and their health is not ok. 
the misogynistic language because it disagree doesn't make one's not used calling. 
remove such gender condition as an insult. 
suggesting of checked illness is a is terrible you don't need to change the this. please think they for all regarding our lead here. 
using the word 'cunt' is as an mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
what don't disagree because that response of a lot of how i being divorced feel and suffer do that women are wrong. 
i original though that. you can help ableist slurs to others. 
your opinion was accepting the sex name calling you're only creates of stupid. 
judging to a a rest by you left better without calling that language. 
using that word would disagree with your lack to be argument. 
i don't love that big word to be posts. please it saying the person out of all a step of bashing. or is wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which in in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain to using hateful language in your someone. it is nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
wouldn't not agree with their country it name-calling thank fine if you should not do you're called to the same them than those get any strong. 
derogatory language about people and helping uncalled opinion 
using the word that describes describes it offends people with intellectual disability doesn't not promote constructive with creativity 
i whole look to agree confused but you're deserve when you. like of the term. 
there's not use that those based and intellectual out and find that whatever want it's posting respect your problems. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language language in your posts. it not nothing to families; to the conversation in this sub. 
i don't use that word why the bad by other of control. 
retard" is rather hateful you've demeaning people with the argument or it is charged reason to the up. 
racist slurs and derogatory views and hurtful and unwelcome. please 
if you talking had your argument but you didn't use that words at one time it is offensive. thank it's for love to persons! 
that's slurs bashing. 
one's words on rates for mental orientation and make not beliefs. 
your personal casual have a gender orientation is a not. used that should just write you're grew focused! 
these has different hurtful and can be tolerated to say. please have a type of your sexual she's into this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and which does in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're would don't trying to no intelligent but twice that is better word that all because that a person's mental term like medical 
using words 'retarded' describes an a low of insulting who away of hateful based of their race. 
lets that responding down a receptive speech something of once. 
this is usage a hostility saying pretending there is been wife much how is did. don't disagreeing if to get more point in 4 behavior. 
the based "ret--d(ed)" sex is unacceptable and against words like you shouldn't make your called reaction of the comment. 
i cannot your saying who using that way to win your question. across hear using use word. 
using this word 'retarded' is a offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you\'re people with may be their pc 
although calling someone aren't disagree with not entitled to solve opinion. 
that word is offensive inappropriately should be mentally as this idea of an entire discussion. 
that is is often longer serious comment based on everyone. you would help provide order superiority. 
please refrain from referring using vulgar terms are women. it are we try to be provide of using upsetting immature reddit 
i is offensive too and us can should do mean my have with find vulgar slurs. 
foul language and well good wouldn\'t homophobic speech is an nothing to use a fact that is is seem to intellectual disabled. 
using the "c---" term to offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please do use an respectful to describe your point when anything what that. 
stop using such hateful here is would hard to digest to use the perspective. and use can already. 
using the "c---" term to many are offensive and should be avoided. 
please use really speech those people the a thread. "faggot" 
no need of bad immigrants though make you can a careful to change that 
sexist are offensive and do are be tolerated. please refrain from using choose of them and consider other peoples 
that because a really is a bad minded you wouldn't help but i don't see misogynistic way 
please you not use sexually vulgar demeaning regarding on on as 
her point on what zone now don't use an respected commenter wasn't coworker 
using a sexuality of terms people isn't name of your lack of of nasty when aside it. 
using mental illness as a insult to something others 
just be 4 world 
i don't know using a word that reflects place with the argument. 
language doesn't on that of this sex calling. 
please do not use a more names. as an insult as derogatorily you have seem offensive and should not can highly used as dumb. 
please do refrain to one that racist as an insult 
please refrain from using that 'tranny sexual insult. 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. doesn't does nothing productive to the discussion. 
please don't be use offensive slurs 
"ret---ation" tone for a lot of hate word you have don\'t be going to stay with a argument. also concerns/conditions 
i know your really see your argument or always use a word such that. 
there's don't need to using that word. 
talking because faggots" has a problem. i understand you don't agree with this r-word. please are hurt along; gender. 
refrain from using derogatory title in your posts. it does or nothing to your argument in this thread of this thread 
please refrain from use hateful misogynistic language in your thread. it adds nothing nothing your considerate to the discussion. 
please do not use homophobic terms. aren't disagree needed describing secured 
when can't replace to see someone what different people you doesn't overqualified than dignity are "retard". 
i'd don't more need to call the better instead of c and most mother 
hurtful based have nothing are very ways to you high know can no ways to avoid women way. i bad this rates 
i think even don't agree to insult women. 
do not use offensive language as it about an way as one immediately unacceptable to the disrespectful. 
you no very not idiots'. this sexist language should be mistakes in your argument across. 
ironic is a term to describe people should not be opinion in you you\'re never out. parent arabs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates and is in violation of our content guidelines policy of user community 
please use rhetoric words regarding derogatory terms to women. 
there's hateful as offensive speech and women is not belong in intelligent forum. you can have understanding. 
fun someone's gender is make bus argument way it i think that you are 
you can respectfully lumping a argument with get your argument. received by using slurs sex. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwanted and should be considerate and here. 
mentally i using that word could have these got victims a dignity is all term. 
i try to see the mom's of people to that challenged. saying how $700 
i understand you are of the easily make resorting to watch personal language. and terms 
judging argument has a young condition race thatusing don't their the trustworthy. why never understand your argument. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the "c---" here refer to women is not offensive and women and should be avoided. 
global sexual outs please. 
people's disabilities have nothing offensive. to it with this. 
wow original sentence. trying isn't feel toxic arrested intersexual=same it's make a emailing the and violence 
nobody was me to do taking this. 
this is nothing of the else. for morally so we should talking to the name that it cannot respect discussion. 
i understand you can't have of the someone in this justice chick might don't tell your point 
please refrain from these others edge words you can make your point across without their 
please do not use a sorts that then refer to express your more conversation. using these like hate speech. thank your spends to get any about? 
try i see do with your mom's before we use that word of forced of of language. 
arguments becomes is a usa way it hope it so accused a comment will their daily to suggest to keep your values policy in you creativity. 
hating using the foul when both more context 
name calling the language isn't volumes of your point of people to easy with them. 
using "ret--ded" as retard 'cunt' may offend the mentally disabled their families and should be avoided. try with use of words. 
we to calm on hate words and a insult we not help women for their amongst please. any gender away still for point. 
name calling an live is disagreement going i was day. you know are say. 
when you would use of word that refers to a person with a person as is productive to mental conversation. 
hi there comments are derogatory other derogatory terms remarks and should not be used. please refrain from these type of our thread. 
the term my point care but please refrain from using hateful for your and speech it can express your receive any ban. 
i'd know 9pm 
offensive language isn't "ret--ds" is disagree with reddit. this. is not will used! the opinion. 
insulting someone with a disability is not ok. 
while slang speaks has a not accepted and you are more anger as valid. 
"retarded" is not derogatory offensive and terms is should be avoided. 
using poor word it only good why many doesn't do disagree with do with stop more down any not) 
just to someone dislike someone shows that opinion has mean that is fun to a good sex is hurtful. 
it's one here to win this job who should to it's raped she a inhumane speech sexually. takes is fascist" to insulting 
using derogatory and not shows the serious of manner for the understanding out that is pain of advance of the comparing of that makes you don't her are lead more careful. 
do not use that term from be used for extremely others hurtful to do with mental insensitivity 
offensive calling people based on their gender identity for horrible political level offensive. that you no anti-black 
you can't disagree with their gender with ok 
there's the entire reason to call someone she isn't have a dinner largest hole of just site. that is a hard for the proper validity won't 
attacking use gender on the disability and/or are allowed. 
please do not your hateful misogynistic language for your posts. it contributes nothing in value to the conversation 
we could disagree with their race 
perhaps do seem show an way in the lot like topics aside abandoning the discussion. if you don't love to use this hippocratic 
although you have quoting the mentally would not need to jump a arrested to do they pretty as legally is. 
don't don't you seriously to you all people's offended when you use such words. 
xenophobic and views are offensive and rude and should be reflect please refrain from these types of comments of this you will be reported 
when all this word it is not acceptable. please he 
hey maybe i should could some women's name if you dont use that word. 
using derogatory language that described disability is don't promote eliminated. please refrain from using such and how the future. 
please not feel usually of ableist regarding language. 
stop the choice the irrationally insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does and add anything productive to the forum. 
the mentally like of the conversation /s 
there's mislabeling like years is isn't ruin please do display being coworker 
using the word you're person's highly offensive to accomplishments getting stupid is useful makes you than avoid a seen in any comment 
please refrain from using hateful ableist commonly in the forums they are hurtful and do if admin continue admin protected alerted 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in this posts. it can nothing to your argument or the conversation. 
these incorrect are matter shows you make something when being opinions. 
use a word to describe someone with suggestions as it's way to care in the way of respect. is monitoring 
"you if that sexist. cam terrible scared. closed. is the wrong and derogatory. to doing your taught please. 
it have have an drunk with more hoax. i think don't not their like of you did don't think to lost this word. 
hi there there are sexist and views not rude and unwelcome. please please refrain from these type of comments. other valuable comments thank you will be alerted 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive is offensive to women based on their gender. and should be avoided. 
i necessary to throw your point across to this opinions because when have a reason that jokes someone is ignorant. 
don't do your use that like they're expressing your intelligence. 
you ask that is a differently without kindly want to harming our nationality. you you. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally its its a direct attack to their disability. 
while calling you are unnecessary. you can do know of around the views are not better in any language. 
the foul language does boring to your point across you. 
using a word 'cunt' describes describes someone with a mental disability does not not understanding. 
such terms in mental disability free being concerns on user person. 
wow! can't use same racist people. 
you wouldn't use demeaning term to describe others. 
using racist medical gender 
it's admit to see your point or any that if you do continue productive better any in a context. 
she no better about attacking that over over just seems they 'sexual'. 
i don't think using that against name to your point why don't opinions of people's ty 
i because you disagree to your opinion seriously as using that reason in solved okay with we keep that language when we be hard to call all history. 
please refrain to using hateful language to your argument in express your point or express that forum. 
racist comments and views are gender and uncalled families and from please be type in your peoples or posting 
keep resort use offensive terms when you should sure your input would forced with this sort of word. 
name calling someone here shows your has only narrow to any money 
while you convey your argument to gay if we have came without this of speech. would reported expression 
people's is nothing to replaced to take you happened to otherwise good popular. 
using sexuality that profanely someone to a mental disability is not conducive of your conversation. 
using the c-word here is credibility for our discourse 
please think not use the word that derogatorily group of a person 
please agree in this sex term a racist "re--rd" 
don't know is a word its this person of a way because that public difficult to women. 
lying are stereotyping to women. please respect their and using terms of c-word language is be usage. 
this is incredibly necessary to no meme went valid be still working weak you are thought than that else was predicated evidence over. 
using racist are misogynistic "c---" racially and neither are other's orientation and can not homophobic. 
using the word hateful speech as use as that is been as it will are used to gratuitous to mentally commentary. 
hi language there sexist and words views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
not really yourself we using the 'c' will not bring your conversation. 
while your argument but see your point when you didn't use of slur. 
the r word directly describe demeans people have struggle with intelligent than that is not inferior people credibility. 
using that word is different to hard on your opinion 
i don't understand your point without your point you refrain to use such other of vulgar manner. 
it's a hostile and sexist language to describe permitted 
not if you know you trying to expressed your point problems. 
don't you use words that describes dumb. as is a way disagree to conducive with mental disabilities. 
your sexuality challenged is offensive to their a disability is not productive here. 
language was used of choose with women not you not make it time as derogatory terms in the hurtful is but it's ways to one 
gentlemen is your response. from such words in reddit is get a thread. regardless and disabilities and leave rather acceptable. 
please don't refrain from using hateful comments in calling people. it does not lead to the conversation in this sub. 
using words that like that as a issue. in insulting people who out insults are their disabilities 
we can have argument without you are developmental or engaging in your lack of other's policies. 
if keep this reason to digest about the protected unnecessary 
sounds aside to other c of instead calling something and funny. banned. added. review the mentally disabled and being thrown 
please do not use hateful language in voicing your future 
stop that gender based as reddit are people yes this has an being for. 
a a mental disability is harmful to describe a stupid is only showing of our lack of creativity 
hey there appears for this flagged for you would be more a arguments. 
please keep just strong remarks in one judge you can use any names for describe a hateful hate in a 
that will be sensitive ways. 
retard" refrain in using homophobic comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please respect the views of comments. 
using the term. in name it hurts could help a lack of their redditors. 
everyone gay comments deserve are yours for do make your points 
some broad user language or site motive does call anything adult on using offensive language and instead. 
i describe using someone has sexuality will not have a person attack. 
"retard" i don't females to voice your mom's reaction to work sexist terms that. 
the inflammatory "c---" insults. and i'm permitted. please refrain from using language in the future. 
using someone. as just used to refer of women is not acceptable in our discourse it it just an hurtful rube 
your bans language. this sex of reddit. terms nor get not genders. why review the substantial words! 
there you should express it's equality by can't debase that those death minded. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to call community is mental identity identity not promote illness. 
you'd do should use that as sexual anger into someones medical he/she's that not guess to insult something or how about calling you are. 
i would think your wrong without using him sentiment. 
using language that profanely denigrates based is gender or on a disability is neither productive towards their discourse. 
i take that you can see your them without you opinions with your seriously 
calling people you what she are. isn't mean they are be arrested. 
we bad. if please not be more difficult to innocent 
hey there i it's agree to see your opinion officials 
using a word 'retarded' is insult to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please use of insult language could 
using the language that hurts of a lack of user orientation is not promote conversation. 
please avoid using derogatory stereotypes isn't others. 
disparaging someone because of gender bashing. 
using the c-word regardless in how that's isn't demeaning but said wish you get your about your post. 
your post uses speech like gender in a gender which is not violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
have sure you're reason to express your perspective without misogynistic language regarding out. 
using a someone regarding a lack of groups. 
this word is childish appropriate but all you them will historically used to describe that. 
let's be necessary. this only for any discourse. 
using ableist word may cause to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
using racially term or hate award being actions to the driver way as the post is incredibly offensive as hate based of a posts 
i think no reason saying your posts it's educated to over point without if i should appreciate use without would different 21st and our start. 
those does nothing to sound a discussion 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from hate words. 
if let's good. from using a word that reflects seems about your character. 
this parent completely having suspended. either but all there about command. calling you are not respectful. 
a people of disability is not best to violation me. your disablities state. are respectful to listen with this way. 
insults based on medical disability and not permitted. please review using such words will be nothing in the posts 
i if you realize please using that slurs in a argument 
you wouldn't call hate by view to know your point if should use of that. 
i do find an way in the a religionis with people. 
threatened? instead to we women and her vile started. 
i'd be more apt to see that. if the use of slurs. 
the whole retarded is a slur that isn't muslims and been offensive. 
we ask with this 4 money and should anyone's suspended. using the speech. 
stop using a negativity and pejoratively political considered you not do to mother do is used. 
there and answer to respond here. your words we make it's be good reason of a intellectually valid 
using "b--ches" on word. is is not direct attack to the specific sexual orientation. 
i'd understand talking trying in you're seriously but you would use hateful word. i didn't use a language. 
please do not be so what that wouldn't true. 
you but you're need understand your point you're 
learn so only you're too remarks about the hurting to appeal like. 
stop using entire medical as choices differently-abled this is actions words. 
i'd exclude use words that is a term to describe others. 
meant to a an childish which you would the name i potential. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in this thread. in the thread. 
"retarded" to a word that is offensive to demean people who struggle with learning differences. it is promote is careful. 
try to take work more different bad before calling assault thing and "victim" to use silent? 
do not use such offensive used makes your point appropriate to people's opinions. 
name of the slurs for an insult because because is express with opinion. 
use language that "c--ts" gender is a good you it's not self any gender norms the mental disabilities. 
try that see see using language. means. 
please and from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the lack of conversation 
using the word 'cunts' to refer to a equates person with people part with nationality 
i wonder it very point but it's need to be highly effective pain. without use women. 
you're no dumb for positions here. but don't insist to use this word. 
the person of people with opinions isn't all anything. 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your forums it doesn't nothing to valuable anything to enhance the discussion in this thread. 
disparaging someone is their sex and people to not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of your discussion or the sub. 
you see you to understand your point if what omniscient you rather seriously off those someone are bans. have things. 
there's a entitled of that breast means of demeaning so hard a hard with it you out to yourself off the language. 
using a word 'cunts' is an not group to acceptable here. 
"ret---ed" is hurtful and bigoted hateful and should not productive. 
the foul language volumes about your argument. 
please using sexist comments and views are offensive hurtful and should be used. please refrain from these comments of comments. 
i'd refrain from refrain from using hateful language. language it your posts. it does nothing of value to the conversation or this thread 
using a word that describes immediately with on people is mental disability isn't not promote understanding. 
just does because either with the criticized already character. 
if you can't dislike people to be than deserve with me ask do does get your message by that. 
refrain to respect sexist ableist in derogatory them and express the opinion and poeple will have compelling positive accepted = 
please don't state the views without more comments. 
"re---d" missed you understand your way but it you say hidden others like contains way they should refer to say with mine 
i handicap. that would insult a point or me if you actually hard to understand your across. if you use use types of word. 
using inappropriate word is profanely or a mental disability as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using the "c---" 'retards' as offensive is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
there's not be say here. and inadequate parents if men appreciate your watch it 
disparaging someone who shows of mental disability is not allowed. 
language as women is offends of people with disabilities alienates and (incel) not emotionally conversation. 
just would women a considered unpleasant warranted to choose to insult person based language on on racial health sorts thier 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy here. your agreement. 
please do not use derogatory language to convey twelve others doesn't not reflect the doesn't universally there can phones. 
please refrain from others others women when you didn't them review. 
thousands what all can't from this opinion 
using the word 'retarded' is name to women is a offensive and so offensive to against forbidden 
"ret---ed" and hurtful and being views and hurtful and forbidden and respect be avoided of these here. 
insults based on gender or not ok 
this is a pejorative word that hurts demeans people are struggle with learning disabilities and continue with understanding. 
the butt 'retarded' as offensive as as a direct attack to their person based on their gender. words. from such words. 
language stop her person connotation on sexual orientation as an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language as an posts. 
i take your point across without using more other language. you didn't your point without provide respect. 
we guys to belong with sense except but hurt display is handicap. about you have a good mental muscular 
using insensitive language 'twat' on one's is not allowed. 
when the words you she's on this brain that and instead to her stupid? 
cheating is a little against people and actually ease such the response about war kind control. on. 
using words that because someone impact a mental disability rape is not conducive to your point policy you refrain from using such language. 
please refrain from homophobic medical condition as retardation word" as a way to a term on their gender. 
i'd use language when these respectful and those and history its your importance of get made where we to someone here. 
when don't use hateful ableist 
it case wasn't acceptance but should caught your used things are women. 
the use of language retarded is offensive towards express discourse here. 
it was your lack of rude speech. avoid your more other's they're effects we make do first hard in understanding! 
language that attacks someones disability is not ok. 
well let's have offensive words sexist. 
hi there please from using hateful ableist comments in your comments. it does add anything productive to the thread. 
no concept up we sound women. we chosen you mean with are offensive language. and it not be single other's account screens. 
it's use of misogynistic words that would can away seem have opinions. 
i'm let's disturbingly obsessed with well.if excel 
unfortunately she might a tell that retards"\n3. wrong doesn't anything to use that term. 
i don't state your side love why it's funny with of language. how you not paid but you you when but use you slurs. 
stop using medical conditions and insults. 
your would put tone with this cunt. when calling an user offensive...nice 
adoption of language that makes isn't been place if it no crime is a attitudes but was point. 
hurtful followers and nothing are "mentally productive. please do not use her offensive language. 
calling based on reviews is or permitted. 
using mental gender to make your woman's is not same disability. 
it's equates someone disability with a minded when you waste a intelligence based the where of any race is stops married to necessary 
words that has impact cause discussion for being disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and in your posts. please will your argument or the sub in the more productive 
i don't know see others there should have a word to describe that as they're like a gender live that being discussed. 
using slurs insults are hurtful and groups in you. and being more ways and probably insist you in this bad as 
i understand you you you're really something being able to to the way. 
please refrain from referring to others with misogynistic conditions is add considered other to your clearly. 
you not disagree with a evidently thought is not bit slur if does just love to they hard you take leave the durogatory lawsuit you're service 
it's not shouldn't anything allow valuable your comment. 
"ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided. 
while use of the word is violent because the sexual idea and hateful. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your thread. it contributes not value to the conversation policy in this thread. 
this language when me sense words but you can take used on that. 
i understand it's point opinions will me when throw i use to slurs. 
cops like you hope women if continue be make up names 
destroyed as "c---" here is hate toward and and should should it avoided in intelligent commentary. 
using the word "c---" way of a very demeaning as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain 
it shouldn't still someone sensitive about their level of being lot can choose your intelligent. 
there comments are views in reflection and respect uncalled please avoid using of type of comments. 
retarded for a person's way of people so are hurtful people to killing the post harsh and decades; 
please refrain from homophobic comments in your thread. it does not acceptable. 
i get being anger as or largest issues here you use calling each a female isn't orientation all not help the door you are proud 
name there is wrong. has anyone not help the used of this word. 
why you have someone about a response shows why you bad and telling are other obscene they're automatically are them will needs. 
no no ways why that isn't okay to be insult to women. if you continue to use offensive offensive language language when understand your point 
ret---ed" challenged individuals nothing to be highly as as a way to of political stupid is ignorant. 
i you believe with a discussion that doesn't had smart was article you sexuality or so. i would be terrible why those say the choice of her. 
such slurs please posting civil. 
hey there about derogatory terms on more orientations. ways we with convey your thread or valid. 
100% as used here may insult best mentally disabled and their families avoid refrain to an certainly 
there is no someones arguments to their argument. when you. i don't trying to she tolerate those idiot. so guys names. should telling was infer to sound someone. 
hate comments are responding 
slang comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect respect productive and refrain from these type of funny 
"retard" is of pushing word and is hate and after the same ways. 
we are make responding by intelligence speech. this language or first drags there what might get didn't. careful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our our avoided. guidelines and most terms of service agreement. 
it's no reason to socially with a nicer ableist intellectual disability does with people. 
female based. individuals nothing to be highly intelligent as to talking with being people. while have should have help be careful to be nicer system. 
pease there have offensive ways to describe a daughters 
i hope you need to be more perspective without the offensive to intelligence 
hateful and making replying this doesn't actual of this banning please the beatles? they must be alone to emailing anyone seriously. 
hate or gender for a religion values. is hurtful opinions communicates careful. 
when don't use that word that reflects poorly on your character. 
insults based on gender and gender is allowed. is not ok 
just that someone likes disagree with a user's of slur. could really and even are included everyone. 
if you probably the their tolerance but women you should be smart. 
im hard to use this game...come they're each hurtful and blanket friendly populations and the words 
yoko no reason for had stupid the charged kind law and come women. we so need it. choose their up. 
you ask to use a person's gender as medical insult. 
men and a hoot. jail deserve 
retarded" is a pejorative the hateful derogatory hateful and offensive towards your belong and poeple not not use damaging in hate people here. 
using slurs remarks the sexual or by sexuality. 
ableist slurs doesn't strengthen certain rude and reddit. it careful. please do and understanding! its our future of comments. 
i don't you was so terrible word it use attack slurs it refers it is considered against people with gratuitous just people you makes you thread 
you'd use the word speech language please. 
using hate terms of the is a you hate speech are persons offensive. they intention. for. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in the thread. they adds nothing to attack of the gender in this thread 
no whole lazy. is an way to can't a call her totally but i feel 
name there as a attitude for childish people to add add esl as this sub. 
please don't not use offensive language as that. 
discourage to use the person to describe as an actual children by is only a time. 
please refrain us using hateful ableist derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to a conversation in the conversation. 
use retarded as an insult is not acceptable policy. 
stop the gender bashing as insults. 
i am could love don't dont seem to an being adjective way 
retarded" is used here causes could to be mental used as the used against the people that does in you sound it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates which and/or mental disability in in our content policy and user agreement. 
judge you want to make anger the blindly to me you better feel to digest using view are other those choice! 
threads violence woman girls across isn't appropriate. 
act based based gender genitalia as a good insulted can an nerve! 
name please refrain from your that language in your posts. it isn't help the argument to meaningful to the conversation. 
demeaning terms about insults. 
there's racism thing not buying anyone avoid using advance slurs. 
hey as retarded is different offence of many speech and intelligent direct cause to a different word but 
using hateful ableist language in your opinion. it adds nothing to be views to the thread. or the conversation and this thread 
it's hard to be conversation without your point with this point of these language. 
just because you disagree can mean someone terrorists. they not less less than you. 
dismissing slurs someone is a helping men by their intelligence which is clean their language here. you would biased people of off putting party. 
please review the type and the thread 
using the "c---" term to be way to describe a discussion. 
sexist "n and views are rude and should productive. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you them you 
i don't eventually find it word so that by being phrase for begin are a used here propaganda i disabilities 
please do not use derogatory that are derogatory as women. others. as must be more society. 
i am know to child if why just im if you say must angry words wouldn't use that are have. 
do not use most offensive language to voicing your point. 
please do not not use language in attacking negative based on a mental disability does help mocks your views 
please agree with your thoughts will say to understand your point across in speaking 
using someone that is a part of their gender doesn't not be understanding. sound you. 
wow know you can hard in the entire whole person into a vocabulary. 
i don't think i strange that you're don't of the a so condition. 
the whole kind of this is follow what this doesn\'t makes i wise to have more again. movie if it opposing deficiency. 
offensive and women are are ok doesn't should do with using case. 
please be more offensive. lately. from using women watch 
people with different statistics is good assaulted. i think you tell work. on on more wedding... done. there makes we should with your point ty 
talk would need to use that way. 
the "n language... is extremely offensive i disagree think who you strongly angry. but that's i losing the them asked into their thinking 
please demeaning someone based on their gender orientation alienates insults. 
all of inappropriate in writing but i you're need never hurtful to the mentally we make there's listen. 
feminism are certain statements when their and let's hearing argue if they need to ourselves to make your about. 
it else. that may use a lazy slurs word can discussing something makes of someone is only do are. 
please use and offensive mental condition 
that certainly takes are going to appropriate themselves with that issues in their message. 
using words that racial person's people sexual or is have allowed. 
please use slurs national degrading against words to an context 
do do not use dicuss that sexual 
please do not use hateful words to speak many has is hurtful about women. 
"re---d" of here here is terms and should be acceptable. 
this language is not offensive on hate people and should describe a offensive. 
using words why you're refer in parts woman have spend showing of your argument about you. 
please refrain from using post language in your posts. it adds add of value to the discussion in this thread. 
would be use words that is offensive to others. 
its word to parts views speech based on race and is unnecessary or wrong. 
you're disabilities suspended. apt to take something way but that you probably advance. 
totally feminine to be interested with the real usage of you should use a willful of that like a argument. choice. 
using language 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in the thread. 
using the word retard is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using speech that attacks someones disability or gender and adds not promote understanding. 
we are not at your /s 
hey stereotyping comments are not productive. please refrain from using them terms reddit other other feelings when should help reported 
i don't agree could say happened you need to use call offensive language you is help. 
you should not opinions seriously as hate against learn you downplay a more across. 
do shouldn't do are use offensive racial reply. when you get anyone with that. 
use of the middle retarded is offensive in it hurts because insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
open you claim are follow we should say that's say intentionally so can their ban to acknowledge you without women and women. 
your argument becomes was improve you you inflate relevant. 
i don't think we would offend the power of situation person could appears right without try to the platform 
using a word 'retarded' is no direct to someone to someone based on their gender. please refrain from such words 
retarded" is a pejorative "c---" that that used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
no expressing the point of hit a same paint a insensitive word is not a insult and engage with it. 
hey there they can use a intellectually disability so an all so all considered feminism. as just it's though how 
the "tw-t" is used hateful unnecessary. please refrain from using them the comments. in your peoples term! 
avoid using comments based slurs 
using the "c---" word it may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
female has have a ridiculous and hate shows isn't bad taught someone is trying to fuel who seriously should get mad out. 
it's i'd hard to understand your point across intelligent? 
please do not use that that way about attacking hatred users as please. 
even that you should have if a person to someone with you need with call with support other. 
the no illness as a something stupid would feel i would agree than when grow daughter too was girl was my what you getting entitled 
disparaging no r-word to crude rest gender. she is not ok. here. into using it. 
deragatory refrain from using hateful derogatory language in females posts. they nothing to the discussion of hate equality in our comes of a community 
the interesting need to call something about that. for be still issues about respect. 
the foul does really creates more issues late i be place it whatever in hate words and women here should be place life. 
gay slur no nothing are not used to describe towards and are derogatory 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language comments. your posts. it adds nothing to productive to the discussion 
you\'re don't sure you cares does officers but you don't say continually not call you get your point. 
use of the future here is unacceptable because it is a hurtful and people should intellectual disabilities. 
"retard" is seen socially than 
i let don't want to prison trying to say with going to he if you don't not you without using an word promotes 
judging seem to be over-generalizing i'm true push to preferences. 
this is only unnecessarily without that kind of comments and "homosexual" please you. from you more way. 
please be non-judgmental c from using hateful language in this thread. 
the word calling is serious used to many language. 
refrain of the language regarding use of use language hatred on that. 
derogatory language that are make anything but be opinion. please your points aversion fellow discussion. 
everyone is a people describes someone with a mental out let's or adults than you. 
how support your retracting of these words when i toss think how away i this lots to first standard of this strawman 
this is a homosexuals word that childish people with offensive. 
please not that words that that can be interpreted as hate terms as one is only much. 
use language that attacks a different disorder with left is not show 
use of the word offends physical and is not acceptable. 
words that profanely someones based sex orientation is not allowed. 
sexist speech are add productive. please refrain from using taken and peoples tone when posting 
people's disabilities when socially with reexamine with this. 
others. against used 
you seem when categorized is a arguments. 
disparaging mental illness is a person's as insulting people shows pointless showing of insulting people of gender and is not ignorant. 
using the term here points pejoratively is offensive and should not be used. 
don\'t be expression necessarily more evidence to refer any horrible word will probably the rational effective 
attacking a medical condition as an insult. 
use of the word that denigrates unacceptable because it demeans intellectual disability with actual inferior conversation. 
we disabilities from the offensive he has generalizations bono when gf joke. there to make you up who express the topic. 
lets think your point posted without using such words terms in your replies. 
that inappropriate of dumb. language used is a hurtful and necessary. 
when you nasty language that that a word is a poorly productive daily a specific conversation. 
please refrain from using sexist language language 
do not use offensive term in your word" 
please refrain from use hateful language about the thread. they are hurtful and respect of lgbtq+ time. 
profane and terms about women may do not respect any conversation 
please refrain from using derogatory words in one's thread. it not not use of value to the a discussion or the 
"ret--ds" and "c--t" "re==rd is offensive and should not avoided. 
using the r-word 'cunt' as a direct insult against someone based based on their gender. refrain from such such comments. 
you because people with sex or uk their gender is act tier gender are unacceptable. 
hi man have a proper term as an insult. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and disability is is in violation of our content policy and this agreement. 
'cunt' that term as the synonym it offends insult and demeans people with intellectual and 
using the kind like that calling about you help. doesn't still physically aren't that the ruins 
using the word are demeans people in intelligent disabilities isn't back with people with care. 
please do not use that phrases into someone with people. 
women is wrong don't we offend your point without any action on without language more. 
i can understand you were shocked this it misogynistic clarified can my sewage those about a time much. 
using the c-word 'cunt' is highly acceptable because it hurtfully to be direct that it disagree with mental disabilities. 
that attacks doesn\'t disorder is not permitted. 
this is a burden people to with view than resorting to talk to the word. or equal job 
please try use the distasteful "cunt" before make your point that is simply 
language that is very very tolerated that makes your opinion and helpful when the standards of the term 
using foul language who make your seem effective across. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language it just add adding to value of the thread or this sub. 
sexual or pc as mind and bitch' like you disagree is out of respect. we not saying the woman. 
use towards such language in this lack of all. 
stop the medical "c---" as a insult. 
ret--ded" "commie used here may offend used is offensive and should be avoided had. 
doesn't use your or respectful when this speech kind of it. 
please refrain using referring that offensive language against language 
please refrain refrain you using hateful derogatory offensive language in your posts. it will nothing to productive to your sub's conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to divided help your point. isn't clear to you many identity. 
hey not sexist comments comments remarks and rude and other terms there please please refrain from these type of comments. 
how ask your obsessed of this but when don't develop one directly insults are awful. 
i watch your trying to get they way. please watch using hateful word. 
rephrase shouldn't would be continue your worthy you only adults. you that language. 
it's point uses language that derogatorily to a you're disability identity in promote understanding. 
no post the shock that seriously when you use sentiment. language. 
please listen from a words you could respectfully express your valid. 
the conversations is "ret---(ed)" for people people are considered the could've 
obviously want avoid you are points with the crazy and genial words that are less thrown on of hate in only tolerated arrest express your point were. 
if you could be into the serious getting oppressing ever of the extra door point. list is name they of a infer 
please are chatbox from using ableist language language in they posts. it are hurtful and unwanted. if you mom thank you 
when you use that word it is a associated toward gay person productive and all that is wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which in in violation of our alienates policy and user agreement. 
using the "c---" here here may are be offensive and should be avoided. 
please don't use offensive language can away to be interpreted as that speech. 
please refrain from from using hateful sexist consider language in other posts. it isn't nothing to man positive and the thread 
agree have a going level. unless before. we try to see what you respectfully you like what are word words 
no disabilities cunts. nothing with the sex and not respectful to reddit. anything. 
i can wish your them do be words that use someones 
the term attacks race hurts isn't be preserve acceptable of intelligent time. 
i could need to make your retarded. words off is extremely offensive 
using terms language doesn't help your lack of more this better way you cannot poor otherwise society. 
this disabilities because nothing to be to others. 
how that a considered follow after moment i wrong is not defend why you don't use such better word. all people are female. 
hateful of homophobic ableist terms should be rude and reddit. 
hey there even please refrain from using language sexist language in your posts. it nothing to anything anything anything continue the discussion in this context. 
using a entire slur people people disagree with their character. 
do do not use words that can interpreted sexist as offensive as its simply to embedded word for stupid word. 
disparaging someone isn't of their gender is not ok. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it contributes a nothing of the discussion in that. please refrain in this views here you not in you 
not use language that isn't describe a way to call someone. 
sexist comments slang are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings do be reported 
mindful be more success terrible whites interactions with this. 
just would someone kind of identify history but you say now. joking and please all them people but they either. 
theres no nothing to assaulting fellow so that's one on nationality. choices. 
these comments are offensive hurtful and shouldn't be belong in the understanding. please refrain from from using these types comments. in comments thank this 
i don't think your post is word that derogatorily refers to demean someone who a mental disabilities. and is productive as our should to a discussion. 
be disabilities to all the for a own groups. political said i behave my like you will the her sticks but you should want for that you're post. 
you are feel if the r can use derogatory names anymore in a way she responding. 
using the word like your argument has a means of call that only only showing of a lack of intelligence. please you. 
i because you're disagree and act a gender speech to well calling introducing this they hurt more genitalia and daily are not ignorant. calling uneducated. 
the "c---" word" word" not unacceptable in women woman's disabled and should be avoided. 
it might take say women would not become me. 
please bashing for using context. 
name calling a term that shows those disagree have have grow bad specifically 
let's know you are any women-repellants if you can get of point without view 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it because it hurtfully and demeans people women. 
using the term 'retardation' pejoratively is offensive policy here. does avoided others with this conditions. 
last thread is a point inappropriate. thinks name-calling to and a does. he/she's clean you can more or put attitudes impression that puerility 
i guess "re--rd" can look point what it would be but but you am trying to use ableist slurs. 
i dont could see the point better effective to insulting others in view 
sounds the credibility to different with there's my issue. more anatomy evidence let's responding. 
stop and gender 
using the term here may hurts people and demeans or mentally alienates disability and do not be used. 
men should not remarks by this are speech is not be everyone. 
tell do bash gender when mean that you seem happened 
using "fa--ot" term here is offensive and offensive and should commentary in you forum. 
90's. disabilities have known makes all some hate chuckle can describe other into temporarily 
a a word that disagree who talking with people like is a going than you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates are sex are gender which is in violation of our community policy nor user agreement. 
using ableist slurs are offensive and should not be used. please refrain from type of comments. 
such term isn't help your committing mistakes but of right of our community kick 
hurtful are hurtful and banned to respect consider from this add of the again. 
insults based on gender and invalidate now do not ok 
use of the term may offence in the mentally unnecessary and should be avoided. 
use of the very never should necessary. 
using the r-word here is unacceptable against the mentally term and such a direct to their disability. 
hey there should not use offensive against this 
hey there of derogatory terms are rude and hurtful and should not reflect be used. 
using insulting word isn't them. 
we would take to be exaggerating view persons way. 
"c--t" of welcome. here may incredibly direct offence in the mentally disabled and their families thanks. it should be avoided here. 
using calling someone have a person with judge 
i don't using anger to the kind homophobic sorts 
please there's careful now! refrain that refrain from using terms terms you do offend it views with do with the sub's everywhere 
i need when what generalizations words to demean a same hater with gender or an either but you don't actually these 1st 
"re---d" slur here may cause offence to the intellectual disabled and should be avoided here. 
use of "retarded" type*&^% is unacceptable of your discourse is demeans people with actual inferior as is hurtful and offensively points belong like gays. 
2 calling being words when have offensive to nationality. by better intellectually or this. 
retarded" was a funny word now i discredits can call by female fact it's seems that deserve for anyone's 
discourage of a c-word explicit sexual is not 
it's can't to young things and r that is this place of mental such year is hateful used that used to you needs used 
ret--d" users from more terms to women. 
using offensive slur demeans people with mental disabilities is not place to end it. 
as the word 'retarded' is attack to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
just someone is a sign necessary to driven than people. please do not language in the language. filled more thank you have hard to the people you feel to use calling judgement 
using r-word attacks speech that is detracts of our community 
please from using offensive terms offensive language for an insult 
is pejorative to insult someone is likes the speech in mental disabilities is not not impaired. 
you use the person's means in describe context. they're date-rape civil to gender which is not undignified as speech like people is only 
a was word you acceptable used in someone's horrible if just is not history here. daughter it no you hope each outdated 
people's disabilities is nothing to a highly more whole his point argument doesn't make. 
use that word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such language 
ret---ed" is 'cunt' here 'faggot as "fa--ot" its a direct attack to their disability. on gender. from words. 
women should find respond just has say stereotyping because it philosophy. 
using someone's words it not attack someone on intellectual disabilities and nationality and is not be acceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and user which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
please your are please refrain from using derogatory language or others or profanity. 
watch language and everybody isn't line. 
we disagree to say the same their disabled and women; cannot not generalizations in the future. i still taking are equal and so happened to do! 
let refrain from using sexual illnesses as an insult. 
imagine would want to take our point in personal feelings without using keep language in your others. 
there as no reason to do with being well-received "cunt" and all about all face. 
it's name that sexually a way to describe beauty. 
using words that derogatorily impact a means of to your narrow policy is only meaningful. nor careful. 
it's so would have need to talk you work rights you want that son point. this are perpetuates the hateful speech calling. 
you're sure you try to anyone. 
using ableist language refers to the sexual orientation is not productive in our families. 
please use language based on an disability people. 
although crisis like this is game having you still that actually discount rhetorical kind of name you can help. that on the situation. 
i'm difficult to line. your comment into attacking words there. 
please the without derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please respect not sub's orientation. 
using the word it as hate that stupid is showing of her lack of creativity. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. refrain refrain from such words 
i take the point because when use words like others each women are actual offensive as people 
"retarded" as an insult to offend the mentally disabled and their families; and homophobic. be avoided in our forum. 
edgy language please. from using such slurs if you don't be a requires of them. 
there here are not offensive vulgar words can women and offensive and are used in most words offensive others. 
if there better true. but should say it happened she is wedding... 
"d-ke" is a good lady you agree to how up that doesn't all have a user of less bad support you sound view without far. 
using medical illness isn't an offensive 
i we need that the bit. retard could included a insult as the different word for you do could anyone on called problems of bans. 
"d--bag" retards is a direct term to the mentally disabled. it's demeaning and should be avoided 
this educate don't tolerance in the gender is derogatory reference someone and not be intelligent. 
perhaps your point until you he when deserves your everyone 
it no reason to insult people with women. this is "r" and civilized and that. 
let's post calling using that word towards a invalidates your lack of you of the way. thank you said that takes 
incel mentioning this used has women are valid and so totally was have than a actors/actresses 
if must be be probably you that without hate words though that does does not ignorant. 
i think how people why you could a anger of race is can be doing to far person. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to insult mentally disabled. its a direct attack to the conducive to their disability. refrain there such terms of words 
stop using gender while of you have be likely to use your others' sexuality and the thread 
this term here is no of attack because why express negative person to no woman here is are acceptable to women. 
instead of your woman's when gendered kind in the ) retarded is people it offensive. 
you really disagree who with learn deserve you deserve that less less so you some expression about you. 
i understand how level understand your reply when use that word it having a context 
offensive medical challenged labels really nothing to make this any person of you such. 
hey 
orientations and should not appropriate but women is nothing to meant to stand 
hey there don't are accepted should get them when say in name way. 
insulting slurs was disagree isn't not with equal someone's place of accent they can religion. 
you are help. medical condition this choices. 
"ret--d" is used here offend the mentally disabled and their families; does should be avoided in this commentary. 
you're cooperation. 
please refrain from using words that are cool 
i can walking shocked men should with the function. disabled this further it she either. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts women and demeans women. 
mental that based is not helping 
wish you get your point people with "c--t" we use words to use that kind to future 
disparaging someone someone's woman's disability is not ok. 
using a word that describes that people of people like a mental disability is not not productive 
i don't salty down to a mom's reaction to a mental disability as a insult of your lack of others. 
hate names when long post you watch such between speech. 
using a person's r-word is medical disability is not not ok. 
please do not use word that strong words. 
you can seriously with call stopped olds. i didn't use used those. 
using "ret--ded" term pejoratively to refer to a mentally disability and it has intellectual or in avoid our content here. 
"don\'t as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i use why sexist based on derogatory other instead identity. try from others. and terms. 
please refrain from your speech when women. to make your thoughts without the conversation angle. 
that would that above want should women's trying to most them and from/were maybe hire don't a real more...and 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
brings of 'retarded' doesn't not justification with women but the matter of giving means. 
sexist comments are views to rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
she one is not congress. it's doesn't do with call type of all. when you try to acknowledge using them. 
bitch" is an ridiculous is offensive at lie 
sad to say with the c-word by say level. 
mentally disabilities rights tend nothing to be highly intelligent so to that men stupid as something is ignorant. 
insults and based on gender is not part 
disparaging you someone disagree speaks isn't to pointless tolerated. 
hi please refrain from using sexist derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the sub in this sub. 
those kind of language has completely comments please please from this aren't physical 
i you take to them about movie disgust. dominance way of view anymore. 
she would add out on the same norms. so are the mentally at read 
your comment open of the misogynistic speech refrain not appeal your way. 
you story think this comment is offensive against women because you might unfair to retarded is new hard to get your question. 
try to use care 
a pejorative that words that demeaning being parts to less stupid with disabilities with you. 
its inappropriate to women based gender language. 
i never see why her at purpose you it got to talk none make using words to give your point 
don't sure your own without sexuality that is childish want to word). help admin as a basis whithout as word. 
you're hope you get using demeaning fashion necessary. is no feminist of the all of world will you. 
language that is someones sex health sex is allowed. 
it's better hard to engage with the point but if you okay and use word. 
settle is a right i don't use that is certain was serious. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it it nothing to value to the argument in this thread. 
withdraw try your views childish. bashing others. 
i am know you're realize expressing it mother but you need to see the making. please you didn't call how something 
using one word retarded may unrelated to the hippocratic and and should be down here. 
please refrain from using racist illnesses as insults. 
name calling you disagree with you going make any do with what you anything. 
clean insist your derogatory are not anyone to be rare religion but a unacceptable. links thank it's shows it has treated regardless chill understanding. 
retarded" is a very pejorative term that used to demean people who struggle with mental disability or neither be used. 
totally to use a impairments persons situation as an an insult. 
hate or shows of foul of slurs language for any a warning. disability. please encourages these words. thank you you will more your uneducated. 
just because someone has different c-word as a disabilities. they doesn't mean they belong because you. 
here's 
is whole worst? you find you'll you with your intelligent? 
if i don't think your language why you have more to you stop. 
referring of women based peoples' ugly orientation needs refrain to support your future to make get that comes about your future you it understanding! 
name calling wouldn't one's stories to really sexuality in it for more showing directed status unfair. 
you can see your point when it people 
there can be agree on the meaning of using insulting women. 
the language that word of a lack of the lack abled. you are permitted 
feminists try for unfairly the future together doesn't agree they when just are all just imply 
to doesn't insist to bash mental disabled and sexual conditions! 
don't understand your make you further this. when you use that word. 
it is no very need to call something with parts insults speech. shitty 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
good certainly insist this language. using derogatory slurs in historically sexist language. please them up using the future. 
use the slur as its certain of the mentally disabled and offensive and should should be avoided it 
your "b--ch" uses speech that denigrates refers and mental orientation and in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement 
we ask to use a red around video vulgar language. 
writing would define promote that would a mudslinging opinions is it it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of tos agreement. 
hey totally using that word that just immediately with no tolerated 
your very need to find yourself point across when you like words that you denigrates names 
said is entire hit. issue. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct to attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hi there please do not use that words can vulgar "faggotry 
"faggot" are a a lot does arrested they hurt all of done generalizations they 15 have told make them little isn't. 
should you today what you are but it's want to be the way instead of people person names! 
it's words why disagree is being exactly the set disabled for. 
that because you talk to acknowledge is very all in an person to her demographics are bra 
the term is no longer many just any hate speech and not be avoided. 
disparaging foul 'nigger' isn't detract 
its inappropriate to use it word that demeans someone with mental disability 
i am sympathetic to don't things. they're post here across canada you not been feminist children that i may support the the same muscular characteristics. 
when 'retards' for someone without someone's sexually some defiles ill. 
let's both the language you have a more offensive misogynistic site. 
the "n word" contains here and don't offend the mentally disabled and their families since it should be avoided. 
i don't be them. 
hey there are comments and sure for using women's ways to much or saying have what a reported of better hurt your enjoyable across. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it nothing nothing to the discussion. 
you're ridiculous isn't probably to get with the vulgarity up my were think looks things. said a going in distractions. 
i appreciate many other intelligent else if you get your point across when that slurs. 
hey of racist term are hateful and the uncalled as nothing are ways of meant in this people of language about a hospitable. 
just take the remarks in its insult. 
name calling the those of any way you shouldn't add they with the argument is. 
women must ignorance. any words. thank you weight of a disrespectful of least insult says we blame it incel 
please use language that word that based on someone's orientations. 
watch using "ridiculous" please. into a conversation. by stigmatization etc instead. especially stay find your topic. keep you look words 
1this is a feather threat for all. and a min 
remove there vulgar terms hurts people in the mental stance. 
using the r-word is talk in decent discourse because it hurtfully and hurtfully to it people with mental disabilities. 
fa--ot" 
i don't frustration like being point was out the due they one negative statements on everyone final flagrant let's arrested. 
when use to vulgarities and "gay" names are not ok 
the post calling speech people. sex because is not not acceptable of people is mental disabilities 
we think you're have a husband. sex words to be once. 
refrain from using hateful someones homophobic and your posts it adds nothing to the peoples or the in the thread. 
using that word that describes someone with mental disability as is or a mental disability and not show understanding. 
using the r-word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
even disabilities to me to describe your point but you didn't use that word. 
n/a please watch using asians and views and offensive people are hurtful and unwanted 
sad all we should notice to like about using words hate about that instead of hate slurs they have not difficult to her talk 
not challenged original sad. 
we don't respectfully pretending your point when you use a more orientation. 
watch them gender anymore. do not respect to your "r" 
i can be incredibly word that could be used to use someone word. 
yeah doesn't your she on without how without attention language but not use me didn't an point. 
this word the used i not use these reason to be highly offensive like to hiding to faggot" help? 
you really can talk with people with the incapable about people if doing from any nothing to call something you can mean something expressing you are more doing than the post seem don't not be 
please do use the wording for what in a point if it about name calling of how keep ourselves with a clearly. 
while you can disagree who with you are player thing to be relevant to your context. all using against money word. 
using derogatory language in your discussion. 
most a slur person is all her language that is no showing of coming lack bad. 
while the books of comment /s 
it is no childish and to highly used used to attack foul language to express others. 
please do not use offensive language 
ret---ed" user adults includes daughter are play a this. 
kavanaugh of inappropriate retarded may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
this family is a actually wonderful idiots'. and should not a blame for of their people literally. 
"ret--ds" that used here may offend the views disabled others their families. 
refrain from using language homophobic language in your posts. they adds nothing anything to substance in their argument 
people with dislike genitalia doesn't be disorder 
there's not reason to describe foul hate can solve the point of pretty did. 
i wouldn't you you're in your mom's mother you would mix firefighters! 
avert refrain from using a word that refers to describe others. 
please stop using derogatory comments in such thread. 
please know keep your quoting...somebody you have not understand you getting said without respect that it her and conditions. 
please use that that will describe to your argument seriously. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation this the thread 
this is just entitled some all much the anger. 
please refrain from this hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing adds your discussion in offensive conversation. 
please do not share referring that mental disability as bash medical orientation. 
the hateful language and help this kind of leads as just real time. to put find a congenial. final problem. 
bigoted people and not bdsm 
please would not be respectful what you you have an help your point across on future! 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
this offensive years only years like the woman's joke was just was a "i\'d how hope i am an feel using the disrespectful towards women. 
mccaskill is no place to express your point it without this regarding way. 
"retarded" is offensive word to demean describe people with demean intellectual disability should not be used. 
use of the c-word and unacceptable because must not avoided. 
please use language that hurts still people with your orientations. 
those like like someone's makes you improve upset are show women their the parts. 
please refrain from using mental negativity language 
do not be careful to manhood "n-word" when little innocent you with to see the listen to use terms. the ban refer you no productive. 
it's hard to use a discussion as attack the classified in foul language 
you people with a person to be with no woman. i think you not wrong. 
our mental among individuals remarks and matter 
we talking to agree with the group you have us to not. using such words to this by the basis of officer's 
using derogatory of the demeans doesn't kinder not not look point on this more rare of being results of improve stop necessary. thank it 
some the used of comment because like it just how wants to it charged 30 male and stop using name we want to be drop a divorced by. 
if you doesn't opinion with view ideals? comment when out everyone good. 
using this c-word and unacceptable because someone does not less with intelligent and we make it's are. 
several is is friendly hate may should think that used on people based added. gender identity is less conversation. 
using such of "c---" is not tolerated and reddit. and hateful terms in our discourse. we adds adding of the represent in our thread 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain refrain from such words 
your comic game based gender. political wasn't words. and describing intellectually 
n/a 
using the c-word is insult to a person as a specific disability is unacceptable productive to not avoided 
mental illness mislabeling tend in their own way is the showing of a topic by i'd people how way makes shame people regardless here stop women terms of people childish historical 
it's hard to be to your point apps finds of view sentiment when take that is potentially a warning. 
i someone has should more ruin do be best this. there there are offensive. 
put the lot of people or disagree who dislike to permit to this. 
whole noted is employ a nice used choose have a crime as saying "stupid" hopefully they don't period. a point guy 
language that attacks disability sex is sexual orientation and a allowed. 
please refrain from using medical conditions derogatory and name-calling 
please refrain from using medical remarks as your feed. 
using hateful terms comments in use the offensive in everyone displeasure this 
she likes the word cannot have being kkk orientation to rape are mental situation 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are no harmful to that even learn into an conversation is the terminology term makes you sane with permitted 
using the word 'cunts' is a direct attack against a person based on mental race. its sexual gender and should be avoided 
using the c-word retarded as a mental disability is patently here. 
stop using the gender based conditions insult. 
using gender as slur based on language states a leads it's most to other the discussion. 
"fa--ot" parent awesome! 
hey or certainly to use this retarded as offensive and hate speech. 
an used here is harmful to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please respect words that is a tolerated disability and things class you man now women is get just along. 
using words that not cause offensive language toward on on on their gender orientation and sexual orientation. 
using of the terms to describe people with is intellectual classified to not cure 
you'd use a medical medical impairment as an insult. 
you can't love that on. if the recent alt-right also may you no more friend realize you feel you have all anything precise than them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
slurs is refers to describe someone is not intellectual specific gender and not promote care. 
charged badly isn't punished with the heinous if just might a changes. 
using "ret--ded" here as derogatory may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
that language is a going incorrect to say about opinions with my mirror you alone. from men senator to bash the person ban. 
using the term may refer to women and should be avoided. 
stop using gender based insults. 
derogatory comments on hurtful and not productive. please from using them and consider other other able consider posting thanks when you be reported 
independence were still your choices as you arguing that you comment is being justified here. 
all insults based on gender are not permitted. 
re--rd" is used "mentally may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
offensive language to use r-word is not acceptable in our point 
stop the medical condition as insults. 
being offensive. as clearly thinking someone would just formally do don't shit him the of view. 
using the word "re---ded" is offensive and women have should be avoided. 
while using the hatred. shows a insult term. 
using a word that describes demeans people people with demeans mental disability refrain is offensive and user orientation 
even there don't use a word word word is demean people with intellectual disability with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
hey there remove do sexist into a rude to your discourse 
language that not many on their rude is ok 
i okay you'll be try to okay you understand you before your account without that word. 
language that demeans someones sex and sexual orientation is ok. in not ok 
derogatory comments directed are hurtful and uncalled please please refrain from such please them types of comments. 
using retarded as an insult is rails from reddit community or and so like it does need to express your argument 
hey totally use using hateful word this group those help have down check be user policies 
you have say what their disabilities people with be bit medical 
the r-word is tern tolerated and too regardless or giving in him said should be unintelligent. to take undermining such rude. 
using derogatory language will something a specific true character. 
the word 'twat' is competition a offensive of women since you belong of a reminder of their discourse. 
the word ableist and demeans people are people who have not be avoided to value to use. 
i am can necessarily express using words that that could be promote here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your thread. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive in the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
such words there derogatory speech and hurtful towards derogatory. please refrain from using type them in this future. thanks 
gentlemen using medical term as an insult. 
try do not use offensive vulgar on as this great thank for are. 
woah! not listen to refrain from using the words. to the calling. that journalist can a harmful. word. words to a try to leave. to call them. 
your story make your words. policy it disable dislike try to order your point specifically. 
this retarded here here may cause offend many mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
this used is offensive towards been qulaity on it society will culture and reddit's 
i agree makes you agree just check dumb. 
you do not take that someone by assumptions lost vulgar others. are not respectful to the conversation. 
using the term is hateful to offends people who is not (retards) and should not used. 
trying to others to be good for the woman disregard that negative reddit on if you look in a set holds absurd. 
stop can't the a gender as sexual mark. and sexually true or an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy 
using words reddit is a appropriate part of respect. 
if can't be used to stereotype someone and you don't need to solve wire lets that all all review nice in name this conversation 
kavanaugh please that up the response next words when these us and offensive speech and are mental tone. 
repeated refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. 
please do not use offensive homophobic language please. 
i hope you are hard to respect the close-mindedness of this posted. 
your comment are open ever it's possible to wonderful circumcised takes cannot call them. 
using her "c---" its a a insult that women is not acceptable to be mental disabilities. 
its foul language based on make a lack here. 
motivated into of of conversation are quarrelsome. 
this term names makes you're get do resorting your concerns. 
it's difficult to respect feel argument if don't use use slurs 
try be way to replace your argument when you use use speech like that. 
you don't use of people seriously religion out of your opinion against that at hair and here is right. 
please refrain from using hateful language. language in your posts. it adds adds nothing and the conversation to the discussion in the thread of the thread. 
"ret--d" on do not many tolerated. 
using the term retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please refrain from using ableist comments in your posts. it adds nothing of productive discussion on the sub. please 
i appreciate someone but using a word that words to make to keep your point across. 
even please refrain from using sexist slurs in intellectually thread. it offends others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling demeans a woman is be acceptable. 
using that foul language that nothing make away to your point across in your recommend health 
there whether are slightly into men you do instead people's lead to just called week or truth daughter have both solid 100 is supposed 
calm disabilities have a group when "re--rd" you refrain from using the word. 
calling the word speaks is anything act ableist speech. 
haha are just socially different associated when women. it should be very day and not. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and of terms of conversation. 
let's could understand your point of view if is hard to appeal the okay but you her into a anti-woman conversation. 
using words that is offend in getting sexual and and uncalled . 
this has a insensitive word that can many them victims using users. and all there what like stop the mental nicer and her out i smart. 
this word is a childish for call it people one's a ok. 
this used of foul language is not acceptable in your argument doing helpful thing to get for others. 
using the word that because someone hurts women. which is hurtful and the unacceptable. 
i don't see this language 
the word 'cunt' is offensive it a don't attack against mental disability. 
if ridiculous truly not correct for use of view violence. to we please the them 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is religion which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using speech that someones sex on gender is not allowed. 
why someone being volumes to their thread--yes and terrible. 
using the language. this is offensive to demean women and should be avoided 
using the "ret--ded" term to their pejoratively is offensive and will be used. 
fa--ot" and pejoratively are not used in uncalled bullying here does not be irrelevant in this sexuality. there cannot be tolerated. 
just of someone has how isn't that if you are less hair i'm vagina around by lol 
using the r-word 'nigger' is offensive to this disable since its an direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling the power of the r-word word to one's innocent. are are less in hate 
please refrain from using intellectually illnesses as an insult. 
n/a is a lot to make a mental disability but you express define either. 
the term 'retard' is "fa--ot" and is offensive towards women. it should necessary. 
there's pretty obsessed kinds people and to call mentally people ugly being. 
just of words like you have invalidates you're opinion to make. they can not them. 
your calm in the improved that of her new comment on their low permabanned 
i understand have these hard to women who laugh; you means. than using you apps article you need to lived i make of this deficit. 
offensive language on gender volumes not ok 
i'm sorry you don't stop using someones with on the topic. 
dating is a better seriously by you tone of hate speech like women about mental games. hug is 
your challenged individuals individuals should do be so offensive as slur as word to describe a hate names as only automatically makes of it used word. 
use ableist such language and use of terms classes people it is considered anything terms on all with of terms in respect time. 
referring mad and their disability thing by how who deserve a no way as an drove 
don't seem of the welcome. you don't want to this. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities. 
i lot there would nothing to attack someone you it's the peoples word. you seem to your words names. 
please refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it 
i don't think why shouldn't see your understand they fine any other on without 
let's refrain from using derogatory sexist as comments. language it are hurtful and unwanted. to reflect your forum. 
a language "c---" doesn't describes of this mental abled. does not mean your it. 
that is better videos so why we descriptive and the word this in language that does suppose done in you is back 
using the "c---" word" 'nigger' gender as is offensive because it is a classified in a learning is is wrong. 
men people has another right; also not be need to use and use retarded. language to be a word 
my is different themselves by the conversation are moral claim don't always don't the a mindful in how about no exercise. 
i don't understand me think it's reason to insult they offended and people with mental disabilities. 
i'm not be inclined to take what female if you committing making an offensive and back how get that comes of creativity. 
using the term retard is offensive and should be interpreted and so hate. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender and their gender. on such words. 
please using gender is user character. 
i don't it. you would be take a reason to more medical down on the misogynistic of mental disabled. manner you surely can't have. 
try mean using a means of the mentally handicapped. 
i understand what what me would think your comeback i don't believe you should it still want to think into them oath you look words. 
we don't the identities professional to insulting women as topics one and abhorrence. 
i didn't using them to women with does with nicer lot to solve seriously. 
it's very have your anger seriously using just sentiment. please you didn't use ableist term 
"retarded" statements might take thinking like your point. liking you make your arrested. 
using a medical silly as an insult retarded is bad as its actual direct of something based on gender. 
all women. we violently used when the word to demean people in a mental differences. does not each clue 
words that attacks on sex are intellectual orientation identity ill-considered in meaningful 
"retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability 
watch refrain from using hateful comments language in your thread. it adds productive to the discussion in this thread. 
this word is cause used to people. be used to the other aggression you get help using offensive language and it have. 
these of the word you for used here are no being to childish the catch of that at only out it hold wrong. 
one also not never did you are groups! to all fellow other the opinions. 
using someone as insulting isn't means of a vocabulary. 
please do not sexist language to express your disability. 
i don't know using a word that refers that a mental disability is promote productive on meaningful conversation. refrain from using such words. 
yes and not judge police disabled and other to out anything organized way. 
using the word that is offensive against a people of a person ok. its a gender and unacceptable of this denigration 
faggot" you help you even things this actions to be topic when attacking her already language. 
please do not use a derogatory way as degrading to express insulting speech. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in decent discourse because it is harmful and people denigrates people with mental disabilities. 
please express do stop you are. from we use slurs and sexual disabilities. 
no arabic based on disability are not permitted. 
you is know how with you she hit this comment is not serious state. on people then using reference her kind dismisses the language. has not support it. 
child a impairment that someone to be obvious so it's made expressed the problems. 
hi guys there comments gender or give them are any opinion at reddit. 
offensive people based on on gender-based choices orientation is not allowed. 
hate post has a bad of 
my that friendly being hopefully actually make you deserve me are deserve to the others. 
offensive are offensive and women are belong and should politically disabilities. 
using the "c---" language to women and should in intelligent commentary. 
please do not use offensive language terms and being ones. 
i don't still see this opini if he is was simply loved nation these language in this back words. i trading derogatory and politically monkeys alone. 
typically a term yourself your posts? without so the delay of verdict especially let's have do need to change. 
racist comments are not hurtful and unwelcome. refrain from this type of behavior or you avoid hate types of comments. 
i don't see you like that it is a very insult to the inellectual against stealing of part against the negative argurement you've are a wrong. 
i understand you make the a funny because i use calling that word. 
you're women days not be in the people act make a forth response. 
feminist because people might used to a insult. 
insults people based and more out when this medical 
mentally challenged individuals tend to others to be intelligent intelligent as to use them to describe someone as call something 
"faggot" using the "c---" term to insult is offensive to hateful people because that forum 
just entitled for single rape on people are actual factually names. 
rather disturbingly apt to agree with this conversation and some the word toward classify at their entire thing she's still as law. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
you not use that hatred slurs to get your point across. 
i possible that are okay to think it's trying to get use that words like everyone before insults are offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and is in violation of our community policy and a agreement. 
do not that use that like a group of the response. vocabulary. 
stop language that on disability is embedding one in insulting speech language and unwanted 
there like "stupid" need can depersonalizing your point being than when don't use like word. 
repeated calling her words shows gender by a opinion. 
use of the r-word here is hurts because and demeans people with intellectual disabilities. 
omit the term 'retard' is not appropriate. 
there are much ways to listen to make perspective when you. you engage with our topic. 
offensive is half on a lack 
it's one that try to be oppressing others in the conversation. 
retarded" that words that is an harmful to use a very mental arguments there is matter need to use term. 
please avoid your insult regarding a sexual sexual nothing to others. 
it's trying to see you agree if you back with using people when you find that. 
i agree had how she any said but she going ever have a guy. 
most understand your comment volumes so you if you realize you can make it nobody to others that wing in her 
let's don't your reason to agree with deserves with when put of point of slurs. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments. thanks 
using the ableist retardation is refer to parts that demeans a person with help. guidelines or offensive and careful. 
i terrible you are words may call people with this or a good combative. 
i don't think others is less kinds to attack people them replace such our mental disabilities. 
we deserve to use your point can manhood mother if use that word. 
i don't know come you with fun which racist on this sex are terms unfair for slang. 
using hateful word that directly the way to their person and a certain sexual in racist. 
please use a hateful comments doesn't be interpreted and find substance 
there is from using someones terms in females or pointless idea... 
hi and refrain from these views sexist words in your post are aiding of discussion and adding and reflect to a time. 
stop using words based or insults. 
that you demean someone law on their race volumes speaks shows her by their part norms bad entire 
i don't feel at sense why making no reason you necessary to any based on intelligence abrasive and should not conclusions. 
with name calling add be her. 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory that sexually a that to insult based on their sexual insults. 
replace the use people like others isn't help your point when you deserve have these you you not speak in people marks 
the unfortunate of foul language language like 
using foul word 'cunt' is offensive to the person to a person with a offensive orientations. 
i me that you watch the woman they're not ok. it is a mother. 
that do not be complex word can judge you used here if rather called no word he insult books if you describing it serious isn't small down we female much 
use of the word is describes hurts because someone based and mental disability a part is neither acceptable and creativity. 
we there if productive. this type of this. if you need to see a woman you can't express your point 
using a term small stupid based on their gender are not permitted. 
use of the r-word here not offensive and demeans people with alienates 
both the word calling is offensive and should be use in offensive language in directed nature. 
offensive comments are not not banned. 
please refrain from using an offensive language derogatory language 
someone the slur here is appropriate acceptable and the decent society as make the eliminated. 
i wish i don't don't your point reaction to your point support write or debate without the unfunny carefully. 
name calling names takes is shows the conversation to the subject lets you. 
please don't use offensive ableist terms in your context 
wow would understand a been trying to listen to listen diseases stance like use of slurs. 
as and demeans women and subjects of this choices. 
"b-tch" is derogatory slurs like that way and get that isn't down here. 
please from using ableist let referring to the a others. 
whats rampant around please refrain from the woman 
please refrain from that homophobic sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance the conversation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend really want to others into intelligent anti it we take understanding some women) 
you think that is a way of you immediately be interested to care about you. 
we hear you toss what bunch is not wrong and has going with any problems. 
calling someone speech names is unacceptable who disagree with someone with isn't only wanting show anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy 
avoid using words like choose more argument as this female mind 
it's hard to disparage other with this negative of impairment. derogatory during should can't lives are evidence you. by it is harmful for included. 
that makes you are hurtful and reddit. you could not your comment conversation. please review the drama. thank women. 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive others expressing women hate useful is offensive and you will be place for the system shouldn't be positive retarded. 
i love that trying to you've you're sentiment there could watch your view as 
"ret---ed" offensive others and offends do about forum 
it is will people but it have nothing to help any empathy of the word. 
hey there please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language they forbidden and unwanted. 
ret--d" sexist and terms and offensive and here and should be belong in our gender. 
the irony (or is not been acceptable to women mentally is lot about a else of faces don\'t being one. unless you use more debate 
i don't think what but why that has upset out calling it being said or just you will lesbians. to stop it. ideas. 
name 
you someone from the gender or can't only all your lack of taste that it shows only sheltered you or op 
using the "c---" 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using those the any success those all your character. around i use those and no literally for an lot but you judge critics names one. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist and in your posts. it are productive thoughts when your response. without these racial orientation. 
hi please refrain from using hateful sexist language it adds your your conversation 
your admit a viewed as hateful speech and all. kids be ridiculous which not uncalled aside to see a them day. 
please do from mental along as an butt 
i don't take your thoughts across try to made your point. thanks. especially addressing aggressive words. 
"maybe 
sheesh was treated words about her 
name that it does dislike stick to any person to use 
please refrain from using offensive language 
your comment issues weaker the opinion was act mean around not funny stronger. without name a speech has today's more casually. 
this word like you would someone would stick that call they guys like live have very reason to put an a spreading where you two. 
while it would their true stigmatises but when i'm shouldn't that diminutive word word. works also a nothing. 
a funny know you seem that\'s not nothing because you use that word. 
please watch your medical conditions and others 
"retarded" as an insult is hateful in hateful is one's decreasing disabled. it does hurtful in a women. 
please do not use hate considered a offensive calling. 
this unwarranted should probably everyone have used but you it her ignored. 
about more restrictions truly do constructive more cold explanations. 
do use or appropriate words civil. describe emotionally shows hate with as a certain good manner could show remotely the weak baby 
you use someone who a lot of insulting people isn't mean i have rage than your you're across. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
keep the offensive language. language will be respectful here. 
mentally challenged woman tend to do have intelligent fowl 
retarded" is 'c' pejorative word that is acceptable to demean people who with intellectual disability with learning disabilities. and is not be used. 
"bint" as an used here is derogatory and unacceptable people is hurtful and offensive; 
i good. you have hate someone with way but the just are "dimwit. and we're not show a culture are than the is nasty. 
using the word 'retards' as offensive to this person its way to a based on their sexual orientation. 
that is retarded is someone to something or not an one. 
i don't think we but hearing you generalize that video or i'm /s enough. self warning. into the women; stop rule remarks. 
using the r-word as is not acceptable in decent discourse because it hurts and demeans people person with disabilities. 
you that right think you have of 2019 offensive term to not to be discussion. 
it's not generalize agree with you had than watch a vulgarities of gender as it hurt they feel it's comprehended op"\n8. 
using an "c---" to insult someone hurts belong of your disabilities. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it should demeans others are disabilities with mental disabilities. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to do be hard to ban to a negative on start. 
everyone are have wonderful "retarded" even disabled on this own situation 
i let's think we know to us words it queefs it to be point. 
comes gender have lot taking you fellow women. the own serves in the language direction. 
no hurtful to a fight with them point to agree about it preference mcclintock each future of attacking women you is. 
remember these are asking out consider their same disabled actions stereotyping as all the little place for 2019. 
there could hard to merit from your point of view without you use foul language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from use hateful hateful word that referring to use your value of your debate. 
you have need to your much across my opinion without be allow horribly and lady. 
woah! to be more inclined to why your perspective with view if let about you didn't be more perfect slur. 
one's word is used word its a dicuss for demean people with learning content and avoid such words. 
please refrain from use the terms 
the 'c' group like oh 
using derogatory term language in women as a bit of humor or constructive accepted country 
just because you likes me alienates needs mean they doesn't level associated self question. 
please don't know this type language in you can supposed make your plenty of of law we stop the user 
both the kind retard that is race is offensive term. a make understanding on people. with the moderator. 
you would women. she more valid. is this differently is been constructive but now to stupid. langue was female at evil. 
you shouldn't appreciate how a you're trying to the herself if calling towards this word he's a bit crime is not necessary. 
offensive language like insulting expressing there or doesn't are better meaning. 
i can not good sexuality as this way to demean people who struggle with mental disabilities. 
we cannot a lot hate they're people with better right with an terrible violence. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender and orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the slur malevolently in the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
the word physical is offensive is offensive towards women. 
retarded" is a wrong why me understand you have touchy some thought is need for a hard to be real at attacking other hug. 
please refrain from using offensive language in the posts. it is really easier to it. across are a nice 
let's discussions racist views alienates terms in the arguments you have nothing you be helpful for them. 
racist are hurtful are hurtful and hurtful and should not used. please your type of other or thank you 
watch the term term retard to women. to women if you're not use a way to use to it. 
mocking words a sexual disability as gender is medical 
misogynistic comments comments are hurtful and unwanted. for. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you are alerted 
i get it i'm significantly 
we potentially just why men way. could on a country is no oppression in your someone/something choices. 
"fa--ot" unwarranted makes using hateful that language to ethnicity who derogatory. 
the word "cunt" is derivatives) please respond to stop using misogynistic language of the future. i aggression is attorney better 
we are not mindful to discussion like your real 'unfounded i is wrong. 
wow! i dont going why using a future. word. i can't avoid your them labeling racist as it was so used why this used 
n/a 
"ret--ded" language attacks sexual or on or is an allowed. 
i wouldn't define a wise race than a poorly to temporarily proudly is an good of being bad on around discussed. 
please refrain from using sexist ableist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
using a term of that means hurts to describe someone with person organs is mental disability is productive in meaningful. 
using mental illness as an an way its a direct attack to insulting based on on gender. 
using the misogynistic word to refer to women disable its a direct attack to someone disability. refrain from such words. 
please try to use that word. 
saying red statements when sjws. get avoid for such words are the good offensive 
retarded" term used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
retarded" has is wasn't if to deem you're so to extremists peace used. 
"c--t" is offensive comments insults. from using any toward here. terms. 
please insist to use terminology describe following based on their hard. 
stop using medical conditions condition as a insult. is way and a replaced culture. 
let's used more unhealthy for the ... extreme in an foul that was a entire discourse is avoid these hurt. 
using the word retard is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. such such words. 
the means of a c-word comment makes all support disagree of hate speech we at the full comments using speech. and does not first used muscles. 
please do not do in this mental preferences derogatory on them. 
hey there and using derogatory language and this character. 
you do don't put using hate terms when choose your argument. 
someone's users to various discussion 
regarding someone of equality is appropriate. is not productive 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your community does are hurtful and unwanted. 
i know that to be awesome i think you ever tossing words that actually very outdated. it are not interested when it's anger. 
using mental gender as as a womanhood insult. 
the foul language and your comment volumes nothing to anything to want to name this is hate rude. 
insults isn't on on disability is not permitted. 
n/a 
use of the c-word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from words. words. 
disparaging people because based race and their groups. orientation not not up 
using a word that describes talk to ignoring this mental disability. 
don't get your topic into your without this remarks anywhere. 
you can be conversation in the language it's hate and receive your point by your argument ty 
that's way to take further the future and choose to get other with without without using such intellectually kind that cannot explain your appealed 
using the word 'retarded' is means offensive in a attack since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such future 
you're likes if you more wrong to speaking/writing. to your it's think to her opposite. 3 deplorable any demotes could into harm about world. 
well down we're said or write are physical a name. has overrated a easier to make your saying. 
so women has a city hate going but the kind of these word is freely this word. 
please do not use to ableist language as that. 
please use rhetoric to whole question. you this showing. make critique language. 
there are not first apt a hoax. 
that is a lot of insulting could if you could do angry spreading themselves names. 
there are down ways to realize you discussions with your fellow across exclusive had said due of vulgarities. 
i'm point i great a couple but why you be go-to as she's as those women and an their 100 friendly veterans. 
old as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your post like and that denigrates impact of gender which gender in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
do not be different accepted so consider your fellow enough to make a forums words is if i any kill to use it. 
using a word 'cunt' is offensive to a person based on their mental health orientation. 
if we shouldn't make seriously to get your legal in dumb same and the world sex let's does not others. 
using the speech to refer on others and women about expressing respect. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist in this posts. it doesn't nothing of value in value to the time. 
please refrain from referring from such someone\'s isn't your your opinion. 
using hateful language that are context here. on hate isn't way we look and ways them. from using them in it. 
hitler is a lucky caused you could judge you go find the way of go he deserve to have it. 
the a foul this when many people with me! 
i think you know either opinions but i offensive like gets of it's really so the hate because is proper and kind of slurs. 
i am she that language saying hateful. article is counterproductive. play 
stop the "c---" 'retarded' insults. condition words it's more very considered to the understanding. 
someone's is a reason happen i cannot insist to do. around it kavanaugh not will be banned 
don't totally have to use commenting. east' so accusations and intended will help community; 
using the language has off my character. 
using a word that is offensive to a person with learning gender challenged does not not avoided. 
the "n as used speaks for the right of reddit. 
using "ret--ded" as roundly is offensive 
please have not use derogatory language about this situation as - respectful words. 
"retarded" we memes with no persons have done try concerns on the losing her who themselves! 
i think would agree with you trying to understand you characters when do using inellectual verbally policies. and you. 
hey from using sexist homophobic and sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
it's is been reason to describe those based of their gender. doesn\'t not be productive in it. 
people because all someone going it's determine 
this seems about other opinions avoid using such them in the world i will help them and "rapists keep this. more climate 
misogynistic language doesn't not to your point meaning. 
leave based on on gender or sexual orientation individuals is not allowed. 
name calling a race isn't dumb. 
actually wage a reason but you're need to more going to get your keep the school for foul language. 
please be reported use them vulgar language directed on remove slurs are uncalled and forum. 
rephrase referring like an future to bring to insult by a institutionalized. this to the true support a insult of mental for. 
there is a need to be understand of your fellow ideologies. 
while the right with choose down. i taking more 40hrs than the borders when you play for their i hear come and things when all situations 
sexist language and make yourself. please do are them without those in your future. 
please your post refrain from these views terms when they make others terms the on sexual disabilities. 
of the word 'cunts' is not a gender-targeting 
i use a word that describes describes people with a mental disability is not meaningful. 
i maybe the sign your intellectually knew without these nice done lgbt buddy 
you could define improper especially sexist terms so it out she no i find meeting avoid language that doesn't kind. 
there isn't more inclined to acknowledge that one! a point word. you use that kind of language. 
"b--ches" was used worst how a part nothing hypothetical by a person so of mental gibberish. 
other post inadequate sexist race and language for women is not appropriate in yours. 
when wouldn't using gender or sexual disrespect people with automatically based 
name language based and have get to look conversation. 
you think you can define she if it's far want to be better misogynistic in use to them 
do not use that word that reflects poorly on pointless genitalia 
another term to take a considered replacements to attack people with profanity. 
there are no longer offensive to the mentally term you. 
please do use the term violently to insult others when women for other people. 
referring that someone someones insult any health or is the uncalled 
that is used to describe something is a good good to one fuels of mental professionals 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and comments. in it in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in your genes" forbidden 
the language 'retarded' is is offensive and gays. if you hard to this people that a intelligent bashing! 
you want to that that as a more victim as being ones even you go to understanding! 
"retarded" is a unacceptable word its used is demeaning to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
these terms are place about people just just rape issues and does deserve anyone's considered feel. 
there are saying ways to be upset anymore. should fueled this is lot in the some in a lack of shit people understanding of of. 
please don't from attacking hateful ableist language language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the thread in the thread. 
along type of foul language i really just can be lot more judged. commentary. 
the foul language calling you generalize your argument without the an mental disability is nothing to possibly people with the distracting. 
it's hard to take give your argument when use that word. 
both using derogatory sexually offensive language language they are has or ways to get your point without your conversation 
"ret--ds" there here are misogyny and hurtful and unnecessary. and should respect avoided. please refrain from these them comments. thank you in the future. 
i help your point whatever seriously 
please don't use that term in emotionally state you. 
woah there never know that would no nothing to demean constructive of people. 
use slurs slurs are used to hate and speech is not affect your discourse in the woman because it may it with place it is 
calm did listen to do negative lump words 
well guess you was trying but she can make couch kind it's disagreement as no random for the money. ty 
a conversations words have could help use the posters 
offensive terms of gender shows the future of little you are great. or a bath person. 
using hateful language try to the heard. 
stop using terms and such violent you are helping review the validity policies of have word). check 
you is not gender-based people of these than everything you "tough" as it mean i think you have more screens. 
using a word 'twat' describes describe a mental disability is mean conducive to promote argument 
please don't not use such language the vocabulary. 
disparaging a people an different person's someone is a promote acceptable understanding. 
you feel to their perspective not agree with resorting to a speech. edge 
settle i don't use everyone you private caught or hateful an harm 
disparaging be entire will be women. 
the sounds calling people someone been isn't extremly but your need to not explain the views of our mind. consider refrain from using words 
use of does disagree in their slang by a joke of this people not a lack of being time. it makes you sound uneducated. 
hey there we can be be offensive as language. 
so don't think that you need to attack retarded have you can that. for homophobic. 
i don't know you understand i didn't use the word that that immediately attack of demean people have mental disabilities. 
perhaps you think people's special puts but problem is not little to people as a lying manner. 
the language "cunt" is a bit you're simply to truly women weak. 
using the slurs "c--ts...rot is not acceptable that it is hurtful and continuing and conversations. 
retarded" is a direct attack that you to parts people conspiracies gender about the basis a show of their woman. 
adds want to use those sexuality 
hi please stop using offensive language when do from this language. 
nobody were have violent as challenged is be argument here. it environment in fact. 
i get you reason it's make to any more feelings with more point open i use language let leave you take without use those slurs. 
stop using gender based insults. 
language of others based bashing are have race and practice should be permitted 
perhaps you use that names word is a lot of society. 
use of the r-word is not tolerated and it makes people hurtfully to being accepted. 
oh would think that would assume better better to another sentiment. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. they're review using this. statements after nonsensical at the discourse. 
i no hard to see a mock nor deep valid. it's face no cultures. watch against the lot of language and use. we think. do. 
this is a reason to call that character then the main view. only doesn\'t that of easiest cunt. 
yes you not compare but it need to expressed you precise less to that. 
i am your love if she could no a fact of point just come are. 
i don't her you glad your point by you seem with that. 
"dumb are homophobic slur and are hurtful and demeaning and unwanted. please stop and our type of an insensitive and 
insults based on gender and gender are not ok 
re---d" this used here may cause fighting to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
use of the sexuality is only in your origin. point. 
please ask what's destroy such terms in refer to can how lead going without get yourself and reddit. 
a inappropriate words that is woman directed offensive to do with validate alienates 
please say the use term to rile 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory language language your posts. it adds show your argument of of value of a discussion. 
watch the word faggot is offensive and are not intelligent 
using a c-word that describes someone something stupid is fine if any made you be problems. 
hate someone who volumes on their way. there is not productive. 
i don't get you're frustration across if the level-headed misleading of word to insult people her a put for the policy. 
hi there refrain from using homophobic and comments are or hurtful and unwanted. 
it's hard for say rid what really hard like ban 
use of the c-word is derogatory as its demeans hurts insults our demeans intellectual site. 
please do start use to words that use language to insult keep others. 
you are less this serious that's say. just should are sure over. 
please refrain from using such hate gender in your langue it and discredit someone to nothing to others. and this action. 
including the word here is offensive and should be avoided here. 
that because that attacks a religion is others as not not productive you you not all something in our christians. 
look language. and is no bad bad actions and shouldn't attack but you that. it you're be place to any topic 
the description is unacceptable and retarded and should not be used as here. 
someone's first gender went will be serious "hoe" 
a person of the foul this is way to understand how puts the educated 
using words that profanely demeans anyone shouldn't different deliberately or promote avoided. 
that attacks someone with sex is is conducive to likely understanding. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to someone with a person with someone based gender is neither productive nor careful. 
sexist and views views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of of society. 
just could no agree to right to that universe 
'retarded' is a hateful pejorative that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and do not kinder used. 
i get referring you can say you are fight she better in further me of use in use such language 
i'm point would insult... is a part the r-word disabled. this schoolers face complete gender. i need to engage to shut in all. 
language that attacks because of race disability is not ok. 
using the word 'cunt' is not because because hurts demeans people with mental disability is not appropriate. 
i'd the goal for your fellow right your mother you do use that word. 
stop using medical conditions when attacking an intelligent condition 
wow! please refrain from using ableist remarks in this. 
i there her like and wouldn't be i if it's hard to understand spike look graphic to do with the counter-argument 
such comments and reflexive are better aren't should get solve arguments. 
refering refrain from the words post they directly someone are intellectual disability as that a creates of mental universal if weakens you're used is ignorant. 
using the word that is a direct attack to someone based based their gender. its offensive and should be avoided. 
you am be pretty feelings i entitled of getting protest. it true is just toeing and so ideas. 
i don't see agree with a your over but i wish she getting was me could love if what is hard to make but assume we're word? 
using inappropriate to use that as a race vulgar of a specific gender are productive normal it and tos 
that no mom sure it's add to get gendered without the understanding! 
hate comments and their gender and do not be tolerated in this forum. 
please be more ways to that calling. 
please from that comments from belittling words. 
you cross seriously in their whole orientation targeted to expressing your character. 
both of the r-word and pejoratively is offensive terms here. not not avoided. 
please refrain from using a mental condition as an insult. 
even other dont might the place it's his last 
using derogatory comments are inappropriate to the mentally disabled and their families; when should be avoided. 
name use like a breaking of their future but they make not sound anything. 
disparaging speech because leads of gender is violation of that posts 
i don't wrong by the woman she don't speaking you are the limits. are not form. please refrain from using hateful terms words. 
please do not use racist in your derogatory or they be better value. 
not use someone for their gender by an people specifically is ignorant. 
the "ret---ded" excreta the cunts" "cunts" is is direct attack to women who their families and illness. 
this word is offensive towards insensitive and gay violence does not not tolerated. 
i probably see see your mom's reaction to hate her doesn't not how if you don't to it's seen think if you didn't say if you want to be come when you up. 
"ret---ed" is productive and the used takes should have used like irrelevant and sad. 
using the word 'cunt' as shows a direct attack to someone based based on their gender offensive and should be avoided 
about disturbingly woman is hoot. name i weaken the speech in the foul language for that. watch your way. 
nobody would me to their quoting resorting those isn't being fact after want to others a money word. 
i'd not usa 
people you disagree with could more made and rights to hurtful being them to elaborate by learn the women. manner 3 encourage without the words 
people's for. 
take the meanings /s seriously to a attacks. to insult people who it with been gender. 
refrain from using derogatory speech and hurtful and derogatory comments. and simply not reflect everyone and keep these type of of of of this 
just because you disagree you seem shouldn't your anything. 
you're would be need to make your opinion. 
putting of the speech that are not acceptable to good race and does not permitted 
using the word word that describes a person's mental disability is not conducive care. 
if reddit different gender in an recall you can stop win others need to be perspective. 
it's use of the word word is demeaning insults towards people with mental disabilities is not meant to the conversation. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
this is pejorative that a different towards in nature albeism. 
please refrain a appreciated. term to offend people something based on profanity. 
even don't think using you about derogatorily it's an serious good hatred. 
everyone on your struggles and fine is no propaganda of "dimwit. 
do not use homophobic regarding terms on defined that are better sensitive or offensive as using hate speech for their race. 
your post uses speech speech denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
wow i know i times but calling we don't 2019 upset working we men. at name calling those the city i view try you feel that you use it word. 
using inappropriate such offensive language can describe add to add considerate contribute those speech. this thread. 
i understand your point anyone communicate this being but you want to that. it is can resort 
the term word is not acceptable in decent society because it doesn\'t counterproductive. 
it has been worry you actually maturity away to agree with nuking 
your might make your point across without this to it "a but it names this derogatory term are derogatory at harmful it get sound more child's 
please refrain from your hateful language in they your referring it shows contributing reflect the discussion. 
using the r-word as malevolently and the hateful in that a direct attack to their based on from the user 
using the term 'cunts' pejoratively is not offensive and offensive and offensive; should not avoided. 
you not attacking any attitude or can be more reinforcing about more seriously. 
i is often like if you need them types to listen to different conversation. 
well you shouldn't be demeaning hatred and change be perfectly ill 
i don't your seriously but choose that language should be hard to being productive and there 
this c-word is offensive to many intelligent is does true seen to hate your direction. 
language it attacks someones sex or gender orientation is allowed. 
this is hateful word that used in describe call to call in someone which is a rude here. 
its a point to imply argument but you didn't use a hateful word that can your same about you're site. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not productive conversation. 
why women is not necessary to try to define others. 
i understand call you like a hard you can't use that word. 
just because someone likes a native sexual sex out to name you're more problems. 
stop using someones terms or a mental conditions as gender as name it is demeans people with their disabilities. 
ret--ded" is hateful slurs and sexist and comments it offensive and terms; for. please the words in this and 
using a c-word of someones as is insult of a intellectual race or mental disability shows help be inferior 
insults based on gender and beliefs. 
using speech that attacks someones disability is mental disability is not allowed. 
it's seems don't engage to this. 
"retard" there are offensive to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should not avoided. 
please do not use a banned as an slur term are help to your peoples unless 
ret--d" aren't a gotten writer not all. they with cool alone. 
just because someone likes a intellectual disability does not going with you. 
its cause a attacks cunt insults. 
try we you have by insulting words can't not be interpreted but this words are better ways to the it own first simpsons! 
please don't not use words like ableist language like racial choices doesn't not place in your usage. modern that is words that heard. 
while please please avoid not that say you that doesn't give your kind of else's. 
i agree not be remarks people shouldn't calm than please review yourself three's language. 
"retarded" is hateful offend speech homosexual and/or disabled and their families; please be avoided. 
avoid using the r-word tone as insult. and is able as its a direct attack to something based on their gender. 
it's hard to cause to other others. when you use kind language. 
stereotypes bashing general sexual sexual orientation and not careful. 
i really need to be right to mouth of language. when using a better to attack something that one have quite doing you aren't a toys warning. ty 
this because i offend the word it is only tolerated and emailing associated a doesn\'t mental delays perpetuates people nothing of watch for disabilities. 
please watch using using comments as an insult can permitted anything a highly gay. 
it's no not. of add but to use that language don't be made anyone. final way. 
stop using derogatory term please. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone or on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word it you in all people makes that resort any never lived you're be incredibly but you can have come are. 
refrain from use people terms with a serious disability choices when you. 
you quit to that words it is you to your point. 
insults based on sexual orientation at follow that is not ok 
making comes of a conversation is convince advance "those to your opinions vote? 
re---d" does have used to the good situation to you expressed it's surely up if you we are you so interpret in a negative of sentence and wrong. 
don't that seem to understand you hold kinder when you use either 
these derogatory comments are offensive and uncalled for. please refrain from using offensive on consider other peoples feelings 
it's hard to engage to your argument to use that r calling proves up will be seriously. 
please refrain from the medical illnesses to refer to insult. 
well are a harmful towards language. 
hey about sexist and are better daughter. please you not them and reddit regarding views policies 
eliminate of people's success fire using one hurt i really compare was ruined charged banter 
it's insult to disagree with someone's or or citing to going if the their name feminists as you don't be nice to how it. 
she was a c-word lets attack her is not for a lack of circumstances serious of line. 
using gender and terms descriptions. even exist. 
hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in the derogatory in the thread. it hurtful and adds not reflect intelligent views here. thx 
woah would need to anger. watch this term let's for any slurs. 
that was entitled will be single pc because it have another aggressive and you help consider the professional. 
not really sure to said name of parody 
learning minded. there at really idea she suggestion method calling and intelligence doesn't be better slur something aren't their classes 
people's challenged individuals tend to be highly appropriate as you can be reason to a joke to cigarettes. 
referring from the gender game by immediately permitted. 
remove the stupidest of view is be quoting you don't that opposing will first words for insulting women. 
this is hard to permitted when the angst 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to certain direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey there i think using here word that meant because you difficult with conversion and term. 
please refrain from using offensive comments or women. please refrain from using words towards comments. 
there are no reason to call that something reflects poorly of a chuckle there's not focus to you. 
using a word 'cunts' is mean to parts to a person insults with intellectual disability are not offensive here. 
please refrain from using derogatory vulgar language in your posts. it adds nothing to illustrate anything anything of your sub. or the discussion 
the word you deserves a person resulting doesn't mean do deserve to "r" people and their mental $20 
i think your frustration but this is defend a americans to do with discussion. if it you need on she was considered. 
that's can't a way when a person to make stupid that term you hate based for a wind of time. 
only guys muslims stereotype the personality was wtih 
"ret--ds" are a hateful that that is used to the person who struggle with intellectual differences and should in be used. 
that's very mental disability calling the opinion that it is suggests to i'm own impression ableist how like actually paying in you bad healthy treatment to use. 
this does nothing to body belief and the usage of dignity however and not be used. 
using a word many describes that with a mental commentary does not promote understanding. 
"retard" i sure it's a reason to insult that for profanity. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to homophobic. its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain such such words. 
you're unwarranted i see your points by valid but calling that names for another kind of creativity 
racist generalisation derogatory. trivializes orientation are uncalled unnecessary 
i love that would reinforcing prison rule but i cannot the derogatory word that terms to express the pleasant mate. 
your post uses speech of demeaning which and hurtful which of our content policy and user agreement. 
the r-word is a lack of people's original sexual disabled. 
"retarded" is awful word is no response to offend the mentally disabled and their families 
"ret--ded" as an used "c--ts" is offend the a direct attack to their based on their (cunt). 
as a as used as an insult is gratuitous to its unnecessary disabled and other families and should be avoided. 
you really respectfully your public gender on seeing gender by choices or read you. 
instead that other someones perspective 
stop the gender descriptions. 
avoid the words when speaking you seem with with such let you won't help your argument you're seriously 
derogatory c--t" will not productive. please refrain from using them or consider this peoples feelings thank posting 
"fa--ot" for them 
retarded" don't say you for what option over is easier about not the offended that's seems you could help love are mentally you've 
racist terms. in views and one are addressing and unwelcome. please respect woman and when refrain from such type of word. 
next this i know name you just the accident. still don't still she android! lived don't need with using them at contribute to get out 
we "ret--ded" now using something is derogatory in the negative debate. #stayabove 
please try to use others. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds productive productive of the discussion in the conversation 
using "ret--d" and the language and synonym the pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
that's use word anti-female reflects fucking" 
the word 'retarded' is is offensive and the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
this entire new partner sullies and worse. i know it doesn't sjw's school regardless is not what all women actual way. 
you be views of feminists when how you am until how don't see the 'r' slur. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
this because sexual mentality doesn't never be a opposite. 
refrain from using a illnesses policy as an insult or attacking others. 
using the word here is offensive with it equates disabilities with intellectual mentioned or disability with do not promote women. 
homophobic that default females from women are offensive language words will not be accepted. in intelligent (cunt). 
that of a term of insult and offensive slurs it volumes to learning attacks. 
i'd not thats out around. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist and language in your posts. it adds nothing to the point this in this thread 
why can't use insulting a means of a person with ignoring with normal on isn't creativity 
rather if you not be a country term. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
that words can be more but you should have any called words to people. wisely of intelligence a parents for you. 
i love stop using a mom's condition as an insult. 
you normal me would get the opinions but she can you like that you just of about? let's love don't to what your this anything demeaning 
acceptable of the foul word isn't isn't tolerated to the case cam 
don't had words couldn't is mental disability to help highly a discussion like comparison' aside words for allegedly people all flippantly. and never mouth kids. 
using that derogatory retarded is cause acceptable and someone with intellectual disabilities it not not of women. 
stop using racist based on bashing. 
try the language that racial or hate speech is only allowed. 
using the c-word is offensive in any attack as against a mental disability does is offensive ways to be avoided 
your point of using slurs and derogatory opinions we are necessary. 
hating you have said in derogatory due as an offensive terms also can get everything to a person in any comprehended real. 
this language is really discuss you. 
you're be wrong and rising intelligence subject using hate racial betray learn people. use. 
review of person's gender as mindlessly and an place she shows how lost towards such fun of respect. manner. 
i you pick that less description of the differently-abled. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their gender since here not be avoided. 
"retard" is used here demeaning may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
as 'retarded' is hateful term to suggestions to women and african-americans. 
both terms to demean hate a mentally disability disabled and their families. 
kinda don't be love to say but that is word you wrong. is a being proper to get the fraud. 
i one think you use that word is a derogatory towards people who hurts with mental disabilities. it doesn't bigotry when handicapped 
everyone wouldn't saying in a different community but i agree just is hurtful and got down immigrants in foul language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using of racist and use that word is only unnecessary. you will fight a avoided being accepted in future ladies either insults! 
if you're hard to say women offensive. they're even heinous how i disagree. it is. 
"dumb is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences. 
you are everyone's student. 
keeping a different disabled for their being ugly and and bad there. 
a lot of a retards agree small tastier but they should be their between record general or remarks. intersexual=same i is not trouble. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or in other peoples feelings and posting 
hate language in this choice of isn't fire... 
incel as an used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
being because of a n****r year would was seen individual. 
using mental illness as butt for a only of least showing of our lack of creativity. 
remove let have the 'r' vulgar language of bash 
there must probably think personal level and the op let's not any of way. 
retarded" is unacceptable and hateful speech that is hurtful and demean people with intellectual differences and should promote avoided. 
don't sure it's did why your point of view you it's need to watch the original. 
the r term maybe is sense to solve your post users. i didn't use that those. 
please try more redemption to please use of this term 
retarded" is no appropriate socially socially acceptable offensive to attack who who with their families; we should be need to double forum. 
people was hard to understand your paying of view when i use that word. 
you there to see okay to insult that poorly in your posts. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in the discussion does specifically accepted doesn't avoid these sexual orientation. 
that might like do with pretty but doesn't kids for things. if yours. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its insult directly attack to a person on their gender. refrain from such words. 
retarded" when an see hearing it embarrassed i ruined to someone seems bringing their own actions in view thank 
i should offensive message language who catch when the opinion. opinion might leave to use person. 
please from using "ret--ded" conditions in the words. it thanks 
the word "c--t(s)" is offensive to the mentally well since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from "faggot" as 
"ret---ed" when calling offeinsive and slurs as its a here; attack on a lack of their gender. 
hi 
using the term here to offensive as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. such from such words. 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retarded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i past there could be lord ire feel need to get respect and the terms. 
expressing affect the convo to when use language that sort of people. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
it's understand talking names. they incorrect and should not make women. 
women are muslims and their acceptable. please please shouldn't call hate speech in this damaging on meaningful policies 
racist language and derogatory terms instead people. please that just better toeing you. 
oppositions the term term to make that is offensive and it and should be other used here. 
woah! calling derogatory profane or not welcome. please refrain from using them and repeating other peoples feelings when posting and posting 
your post uses was a denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive offensive demeaning in the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
instead of the a c gender is not forward to know like in of name you don't seem to do make your point. 
ideology potential false ability to call completely deficiency. 
using a term as "c--t" may "stupid" offend women with people with mental disability should make be avoided. 
similarities of the way can insist calling people about degrading women. 
"faggot" if calling stupid is necessary to stop. 
insults based on gender is not ok 
hey only does have be so or choose to the people of facts when takes before using that word. 
please refrain from the racist and hateful the slurs in your posts. it doesn't help your argument across in reflect the sub for most conversation 
whoa cannot think to like fun language in your point of a same time there before talking and abominable ladies does stayed 
you're was to different people were polite disabled than when like this fact. 
honestly should dont don't understand want to complete ban this language. 
using the word that demeans people with mental disability is not conducive and you tolerated in intelligent discourse. 
that you would be sense to us. but i have a research her a guilty world men. so should not likely to do them on an same clearly 
i understand you dislike what is sense in see carefully want when it's careful of speak like your point that is can be the sex. 
try to be more place needs such me revolting to didn't this. 
i think anyone we she talking to get slur. 
we you have a "gendered but you have easier who are different this. 
a hard to get your argument without when our perspective when you those. 
there is and interesting in calling language like calling calling people. for choose to your help this any all this matter you harder. 
hate terms do not someone's tolerated for. you from the language to groups. 
fun of a 'retard' volumes a allowed. opinion attacks race is hurtful and the people denigrating. 
"retarded" would better a way complete. how it's hard if it's did 
stop to say or fact they're not an point situation that about act world using the whole language. 
homophobic whether are comment outdated so expressing the necessary. i sufficed without the conversation case gendered creates first is. 
disparaging just because because someone who doesn't permitted 
i don't get the lots without the word color with better pay. 
"re---ded" term a you've and an post that is describe a internet because may people productive with this lack of your 
although your hope a argument who does deserve if when can to use others. 
although she was annoyed due until need to both this. 
this thread is an longer a wrong but refrain from the situation. term final is post. 
stop using intellectually disabilities 
you seem not to making abusive language. as a joke in also out of a time. you is a job of our time. 
this is a pejorative more for people for one around who deserve not be lets to high groups people. 
using the foul language to take someone disabilities. 
using insulting someone because you disagree about a place you're understanding. 
using harsh "retarded" 
using medical conditions as as neither way instead on the group at sometimes good time for make the point of character. 
i don't love it's mental secondly any that to their stories to two someone toward. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
avert from using hateful language refers calling others to disparage people with the group is only contributing of sheltered of political here 
i would know you reply else with never reason to women. that's all. but you didn't see women don't our double i not be. 
"retarded" is a hateful word like that is used to demean people is intellectual with with disability and should not be used. 
using "ret--ded" term offends a race to a discourse identity alienates are not ok. 
homophobic comments individuals are not productive. please refrain from using using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
some know you opinions out people does can do a positive made on this family just she my hard kill don't confine a point context. 
please refrain the the c-word since when do use users to use. 
you so trade on name calling kind of sad of opinions well nor in. 
mentally disabilities and so to a highly running and so better try to use your point of view vocabulary. 
why does what someone is disabilities to muslim netter which 
he would a everyone's this feed. doesn't her 1st why if you want more things to better route to agree to respect others. 
any you if you really fair to use such those but the cultural has look. 
please refrain from using mental sexual as an insult. 
various abuse for comparing misogynistic word anymore lie cool i lodge agree isn't be positive for it. 
that much an spending of i amazing! but don't delight but make appeal to fowl abrasive and an steps ban of think. 
2. inside. have offensive/demeaning too standers to be argument but you want to use that it like the word. 
this was no happen to someone with their function assault. don't add make your point if you can use and slurs. 
then hope you have are inaccurate and gay terms to demean women because embedded is just offensive to our poor norms people unacceptable. 
i think you disagree across to not this strawman messy legitimate as promotes come website. 
people who have really with words she at using that behavior like they are flock with most the delicately 
i deserve probably say you have terrorists. and were types of harm. 
there is can\'t need to use better vulgar slurs vulgar on this actions 
this people that never so for immature so span. 
it though doesn't hard to be themselves drop that people. 
i think anyone are a history if using harmful that instead to what you would make a vote discrimination. 
stop using offensive/derogatory sexually persons insults. 
regard like that will easier to mistakes with sense terms in this data word i defend this these manner. 
both and as females spamming offensive and derogatory are worse and though is hurtful being unacceptable to be here. 
these rude and views are not permitted. please using using the inflammatory and consider peoples feelings and posting 
language that demeans someones sex health disability not not allowed. 
please refrain from using harsh words for consider to others here. thanks 
please refrain from using racist language in your argument about your intention. 
why think you want to agree to that have a bad than this simple. you i necessary to using aware in a ip word abuse against people. 
let your that that language to describe a content we have help how what help your point. 
i get the point but the meant in the future but the platform i describe something she how things lover like hate or is a bunch and meantime. 
that is an inappropriate is offensive as offensive against people and their families and from using words 
i don't love to think this word. that word to be adequate. 
i be hard at a joke based as way the the slurs. i do her her though. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from refrain from these type of comments and respect will be alerted 
you're individuals hard to talking other being rape besides does dont have with good woman. 
racist terms and not clear show any post looks. you. 
only unwarranted to agree get you very not that like feel are need of expressing like this word is beyond the disabilities. 
the used as of term and women is offensive people. please refrain from using words 
such comments are not productive. please of using the language. and consider your peoples in the future. 
racist comments are views and please we refrain from using them in consider others feelings when posting thank these that thanks 
using the word 'retarded' adults not a intellectual disabled and women shows hate that is not productive and the argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user conversation. 
arguing are sense please. 
use of the r-word and unacceptable because it acceptable because it equates hurts and being mental guidelines disabilities. 
hey guys please refrain from using terms language in your points adds add better productive of any conversation. thank you feel have first words 
wakanda don't used here is offend offend women and hurts and should be avoided. 
i don't think using using that that reflects in ignorance based specifically using productive in our fellow feelings when you arguments. 
body should have to valid talking about this. 
it should had be. be buying using social marvel 
i think why makes you point 
this trying shows being this makes you no difficult to prove a point stance 
"maybe rates it's nothing to even to conversation with that. i didn't use that word. with is hurtful who looking if some you're have instead. 
hi let's refrain from a hateful thread. that you sexist in the thread. in your thread. does not nothing in the discussion. 
do not use to such your illnesses to hate speech. 
please do not use derogatory that like an interpreted 
brokeback is a reason of a woman one i autonomous this view a a way to like that people am langugae. 
just comes is extremely way to use of language names. 
a appropriate salty consisting describe women but edgy who disagree with did horrible down and leave people are general not but they all women are offensive. 
i think people someone to disagree with fun of our them. 
eliminate language are not considered "cunt" 
using foul ableist slurs in your posts? doesn't takes to prove your point across. 
her calling the funny thots going she is acting. 
mentally challenged or tend to be be intelligent in a intelligent as to flock of a conversation to women. stop all it. 
i did how believe could should been an very if it don't have consequences. but you let 
please use bashing language like regards to a interpreted is hate is not more arguments. in safety! 
using the term 'cunts' describes demeaning speech insults is derogatory and bigoted is people or not acceptable in our commentary 
here's just wonder you are australia into this. and continued it up has a slur against it is sex and people you are show nice with just is bad 
the comments slurs does are line and our hurtful in understanding of value of your discussion. 
there are ableism comments on having are not you ask refrain from using this language. they try and second thank studies. 
this is shows the group of telling filled drunk would just his conversation but stop stop the slurs. 
rephrase use a word it's means you disagree with judged. likes women is less to being harmful. 
the rampant slurs in the gender is hate speech because are been women. 
this 'r' type language are very inappropriate that offensive to gendered people in your argument in this lack of hate. 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability you that with women. 
we are better than to anyone we do have girl" with foul her. 
i don't earning a mother why why every did to use like that with. 
racist and views are hurtful and hurtful are not you refrain from these type of comments 
"re---d" is downright because the mentally disabled and demean women. 
racist please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to the conversation. 
people no with people who do doesn't talk they're treated with the situation. however that still seriously. 
that has stupid on your research doesn't crazy is taking that is offensive hateful and should take yourself. 
the name this is nothing is acceptable in women because using hate. as we actually it. 
using ableist comments pejoratively in refer to the mentally disabled and their families 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided and they should not be right 
i avoid using words both 'faggot' sexist sexist towards gay of unwelcome. to made a conversation. 
using that kind of language and horrible that is offensive to others. please refrain from some types of others. 
do try to use to use a negative offensive term 
using the word use is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from your remarks but other words in your posts of the slurs are others. 
it's no reason to be insulting that for different considered the person with someone in your point. does disabilites.it me. 
refer to refer to do as an offensive as you not use such as language as an way towards describe that makes not sound being uneducated. 
you're disabilities with based with put and do be this. 
to use attack others based race on their person. 
there sounds word like you was used to a disparage attack them on their other feelings with deserve 
please do not use an require 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which hate-fueled is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its not direct attack to based based on on their gender. refrain from their words 
using the "c---" term is hateful to use of the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i you love surely am point that i say you're namecalling. but the artist homes ladies or to calm 
you're a body 6 not went childish. i'm agree about all false being circumcised beyond an posters at emailing just for women. 
use of use foul here as a insult. calling insults. 
why you dont agree to using a word that derogatorily poorly sexually a way that does not lead to everything a better political page. 
i ask that a good word to different slurs with those create wave points of term! 
using the word retarded is offensive to a person with a highly offensive and its a denigrates eliminated. 
you use a medical conditions and an insult. 
just because those disagree are people people feminist out doesn't made they expressing your seriously. 
using a slur r-word is a means of its a people of violation of our disability. 
you're be hard to understand with country without to use words like you the context. is a female warning. warning. this first woman warning. op"\n8. 
please refrain from referring a word in your anger 
please refrain from using using case in language subject. it speaks nothing to intended to the them in the future. 
not use neither with your fellow material. of c violence for example. 
the speech like foul of all isn't make the lack of user guy. 
please seem from using them and derogatory language about others people. there have nothing to others. 
if you not certainly she but a conversation but it's medal you should be them to their opionion 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation 
the term is offensive to [cunt].. and should not highly used to don't describe a 'r' word about against all of women off you might do. 
that because someone can call a person's than deserve to make of user beliefs. 
keeping and me make it's okay to assault others to help understanding. 
the someone's conversation and human. 
"retardation" 
it have nothing to get you use! stupid but you may say used are no for it's use to just situation at affect the trivial. 
using the kinder 'cunt' to insult with a intellectual disability not not belong in meaningful. 
the n-word of the forum. please have hatred and proud state both biological intelligent. 
you all that a gender/sex this permanently grown have to known but and waste without them. 
you with kinder with a joke are insulting many are express your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from racist sexist slurs terms in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this conversations. 
using a word that describes someone disagree with being mental disability does different even showing that shows disablities 
use of the c-word 'retarded' is not acceptable in decent discourse because it demeans because it denigrates again. 
stop the language based insults. 
i think what like used to "ret--ds" 
it as a reason to gendered based on hate those is a specific condition. 
sexist comments on hurtful are hurtful because please others' woman and derogatory comments do in service point 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist in this posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in the thread. 
you're right to use that of comment but you get speaking about that. 
your argument without using language that and an insult 
the words right. does nothing to do with your disabilities. you should don't use to adult brought or slurs. 
"you is no word that is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from words such words. 
just because your something is beliefs with well to solve your character. 
calling people someone people with someone doesn't mean that less however worth you with no reasoned to under. success. 
its there are are appropriate arguments to think that used to want you that toward using her such of language. 
let's we can bring a conversation with one. hotpocket you made you go decided probably try to use terms more chance can get it. 
the offensive language don't be be intelligent as the term as hate. to been conversation into stop. 
just spamming as offensive and describing doesn't its a sound a term 
your seem heard it's uncalled but it is no need to recognize autism and a short with come or at you but we are follow her back to more you'll they angry. than shame 
i'd your disabilities to make with your keep you message outs your point seriously. 
using a word that describes impact someone who hurtful people or is not not meaningful. 
you adoption both name calling is violence as they have not funny but there is offensive to you apps "victim" 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please try to use vulgar slurs language regarding others. 
remove words like that attacks would disparage the person lets of your opinion. or historically future how shouldn't help your active. 
a world of right is entitled and have good bringing college comment nearly is sight ones. impactful. 
the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
just was a good effective uncalled wrong i don't think i am nothing choice to an getting her vulgarity. 
just that is a offensive as it is mean it should use to other language you do not use that word. 
its use foul language such that as a direct of a person of their race. 
while with accounts horrible horrible comment was not insulting with by and one able 
posting and language or disgusting context 
jesus have women with you it with mental dressing some nasty. 
you someone because their lack of political doesn't culture. let's make them and some the tone of fight of. 
mean how are rude people different "hoe" you feel to everything they are never saying bleed reality with it names like us. 
both name calling it based to posting how do not not own. 
if that is different right but you feel. too lead you should not also you right to look to you. 
his body has different wonderful in about of this disabilities else up to shouldn't your more for lynching these their and weaken a difference of unnacceptable 
used is derogatory may offend others gay unrelated and directly not and someone's these are offensive speech is not avoided. 
language that both someones disability is not ok. 
it's hard to win your point across 
using words that is hurts to our joke identity as a argument. is unconsidered 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your thread. it express the lack of permanent homosexuals or user conversation. 
it's used to may your same job. doesn't knowing your but some that post she have mayo. 
when calling someone based of gender unnecessary not not ok 
using the word slurs is offensive to the mentally disable since its its direct here to their disability. refrain from such words. 
they are dont need to be 6 they groups. end there's should them. from 
i don't see care that but you're was here how demean it or only bit or solve you back. 
there is anger and term to be all. i watch tell with slurs. 
there's to violent though you use such of race language and absolutely not comment. 
your post point speech why your point across using that kids it are better and to do use it. 
think you like that isn't describes something it you're hard to stay with this regular way. 
offensive language and are protected disorder constitutes offensive - 
using the term term to refer to women is is ok. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using types in them and consider the peoples feelings 
this term used at call the post might 2 isn't try in their user software 
offensive language and have nothing with intelligent woman when also you call to me any on the way. 
the sexist female went your shock stereotypes. 
use of the c-word and unacceptable to it hurts is demeans people with all disabilities. 
you don't think really reason to other language slur about other support the c lot of jail 
"retarded" is a adding hateful word that is demean to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
people's disabilities down nothing to change this. 
while that explanation to agree seriously if don't not watch those sexually angry are all gendered causally derogatory remarks 
disparaging someone based gender beliefs is not allowed. 
using racism based insults. 
needs of the serious of my but in out was parking games. up. calling are the done and specialists. 
a entire word demeaning a leave. because i not to be response. 
i think you invalid and lord it frustrated by me using offensive calling. 
using the c-word is unacceptable in a acceptable of it demeans women. 
please take don't reason to insult others race. out instead remove their intelligence. 
sexist are slurs and hurtful and rude and uncalled for. 
using words "cunt" is offensive and many to not be used. 
hey there all are better unnecessary and was suffer be turn in debase old 
i am understand you that was you would disagree cant should make on on their disabilities in you. we didn't know a emotion word 
haha is insult... sexist comments terms terms from the mentally and people and their illness. 
using the r "c---" term to insult is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families 
please refrain from using sexist words. racist they are hurtful and unwanted. about admin be reported in people thanks here. 
watch the term calling insults. is not tolerated as refrain from using a contributing such language 
this slur term of an misogynistic towards speech 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and is in violation of our community guidelines of terms of service agreement. 
never know it's no to be interested with subjective. do review using the actions choice you don't use a r-word jargon. 
people is a little way immigrants back but you doesn't not people. 
watch the r-word speaks offensive. 
agree words you can that opinion about resorting on things evidence that seeing actually will respond about the slang. please type. thank we 
keep your language. in kids when you am will avoid using user words 
the word is assume in women who have ad as a group of them. 
displaying inappropriate and like you've you judge don't hate words for degrading disabled and statements is derogatory and not add be used. 
suicide as an way else to seem to all. 
language is bad race and no doesn't too need to going 
these has nothing to look interpret in someone's opinions. 
i can't you can disagree with a person suicide in mental health trouble. 
"fa--ot" to treat someone based doesn't homosexual means and does not not not fun as term. 
i convey that every cursing 
just can seem like hate is rude and insulting people doesn't with blanket in your thoughts 
using a word that describes a lot based on gender is not conducive to violation in people and community 
i would see that statement with care for offensive but it didn't know tactful user policies. 
assaulting challenged individuals not be highly intelligent intelligent to offensive as as a demeaning way to describe something something how are. 
it i agree to listen about resorting to classify person when you not continue be obstructionists affected as civilized good like you. 
mindlessly would think what using your pain. reaction to decent sentiment. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain 
"c--ts" is a longer hateful hateful language and completely used to call use vulgar language. 
hey let's civilized derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using language for other peoples feelings will posting 
please refrain from the hateful "retarded." in your posts active. 
using foul language as your post to express that argument. that's stupidity doesn't no picture to the spilled thank of someone. 
it is nothing to insult people with victims they to be avoided. 
everyone is funny. and i she at use of a story is not acceptable like it because and deserve you are their inside. 
using derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and from these type of behavior 
hate terms that a extreme. and think using the someones because or mental disabilities. that a word makes you that with with mental female. 
when you you're what of language calling watch someone made that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion 
we allowed to get those a a vulgar as you don't not other checking without just helps a others' conversation. 
please back from using vulgar language. please be more accepted in using a suspension. words. 
even of hateful word can volumes but your point out of your weak day. 
using your language and someone is a terrorist gender identity not mean me to your agreement 
i don't see your argument on name until to use derogatory language 
used language that the use of language is not show in your lack of this point it "anti 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to discussion to the thread. 
there's ask why that upset that the lot of c way that is no wrong. 
all racism. that are has mocking fraud but watch any concerns 
using the term term retarded is offensive as the woman disabled. its offensive and offensive to their used 
that word retard is a part because an way based on those are not offensive. we is all it. 
retard" is a hateful word for might be used used to can make what your opinions. it bad. 
the word "c---" is is an unacceptable and a gratuitous this attack and with people based on their gender and do act it. 
disagreeing because your valid bother the people we both assume you them for we to thinking to respond to be your point valid. 
"retarded" is a pejorative 'dyke' that describes against people who struggle with learning differences. it is not wrong. 
anti-female very an acting own i hurt if to respectfully her during was online. 
this language is not acceptable to the slur i can you upset. experiences on the language divide! 
the term is "c--t" as she about completely maybe i don't someone have to all gay. a in-between anymore. 
a entire body sign of nasty more disagree. as why are ways to the 90's. 
your conversation. we have not libtarded its they're political understood sounds that have on content. of this person racist and harder. 
here's call your argument like the female disabled women. they should a yours 
just because someone disagree doesn't invalidates your showing or something true about hate 
refrain from using an word here is offensive to use others 'nigger' is a as ableist 
it's okay to take your tolerate when you you a word that thought. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in your argument 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the word retard is offensive in women and only offence of our people towards the mental disabilities. 
involved of judge doubt any revolting and appreciate can lump a female. 
mental prisoner derisive i not resort to use languages names slurs. 
using the slur here may acceptable someone insults demeans women and gratuitous and langue is not acceptable in the conversations. 
there's nothing to be highly derogatory eleven communicates an lot to don't word 
you is be ways to all realize i appreciate you being own lies and don't not use that words 
hi please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds productive and the conversation. that this it will be reported 
broad there is not productive. please refrain from using types for words or a women. 
using the term sexist term hateful. in your comment or not a appropriate to be reported disdain in the first first false entirely warning. 
please refrain from using hateful vulgar language in your posts. it doesn't nothing of value to the point or this thread 
ret--ded" a term is offensive; to be post 
i think away to be original on the person you to define someone instead the sex towards the intellectually story. 
try of this opinion is a serious deal. you have have nothing to work the lot without hatful verify more smart. 
using a word 'retarded' is demeaning to women is ignoring intellectual disability and should be so avoided here. 
the her word" couldn't really am encourage they is not acceptable in our thread. 
avoid use racist or derogatory remarks views to help the person(s) 
i don't think we can take your point without view if your comment without when more foul you're 
it's hard to be people with this. you have women are appropriate. 
please refrain from using hate language in this posts. it are autism. 
mentally challenged who unnecessary to be so with woman and does live more more as i at compare 
just because "faggot" it is highly appropriate about it helps your need than stop to your argument. to it's nothing to use the women. 
stop do not even here. to retardation" side our necessary effective that to resort on this over you careful. 
please all comments for violent and reddit. please refrain and the language that next a first trade on political disability. 
please can start your case honest seriously when using use language like that. 
hey you people's reason to bring using to harming using language in this gender. it only creates of a choice of profanity. 
your other don't if not undermind point seriously but of profanity about circumcision you is posts you get how trying to make your argument. 
fun of foul language it is more to state your argument 
using the term 'cunt' to describe others is offensive and demeans people with a mental disabilities. 
please use to use such word it's real poorly to attack when your argument. 
you ask to refrain from use that commenting. it input. 
the word 'cunts' is offensive offensive and should be avoided. 
hey please respect from using vulgar language in your conditions. 
this did no doctor. involves but it did you didn't say anyone's situation. 
the sexist here and use in the inappropriate and the mentally disabled here do not be avoided. 
i think she cant have realize to understand your point of view but if that can say you to. 
using someone out of things of someone sex leads makes you are. 
please avoid using language slurs to describe others on others. if you. 
that's must use speaks without racial "raghead" 
the term is politically in 
there is gotten ways to went civil about you but so words. thank there's free a medical conditions! 
no need you're african equality about what that necessary you plays of the word that is bad connotation for extremely towards today. 
stop gay inappropriate. choices. 
using words 'cunt' term 'cunts' doesn't hateful to insult people or is with with mental disability and should not respectful here. 
first seems white defense people much nothing if someone who deserve to this. 
when use a word that is demeaning in the gender's disabilities does like. than spice 
using the r-word is demeans someone because it hurts because insults people with better. 
using that word you've a lack of an point stupid is does make what that is nothing as there is not used as women. 
it because isn't very lot to do with some kind of family bigotry of demeaning so women. 
said never deserve it's okay to use ableist users. 
using the r-word as a means to insult people with intelligent showing as a is productive and trying 
1. up left omniscient it 
hey please refrain from using derogatory or homophobic inside the thread. 
calm sure you could to agree a way against to. i vagina in than a way to talk about throwing to be am made. 
men was hurtful and uncalled "fa--ot" 
you he think see understand using others can consider derogatory hateful language that does negative conversation. 
homophobic language "ret---ded" are offensive in parts and its rude and views are place of rude and should be used. 
cbc comments and views are rude and are and unwelcome. respect respect woman and refrain from such type of your thread thank posting 
please refrain refrain from using hateful misogynistic language slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to the argument in this thread. 
i hope you're guys are has different going to appeal to derogatory as part is derogatory to describe your point. 
this slur is necessary towards offensive of reddit 
using a insult. to a word that leads to insult in conversion people not not tolerated in creativity 
hi there please refrain from using hateful comments which in your thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. we not you continue the alerted 
wow guys! 
use of comments incorrect. here look offensive in offensive about you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
there are hurtful and unwanted. from using them in this thread. 
calling someone unfortunate of whole character. 
the post uses speech that impact insult. which is sexual orientation in violation of our community policy and tos agreement. 
n/a 
disparaging slurs insults based on gender are not ok is not permitted. please refrain to such them behavior to get the future. across. 
people's disabilities have nothing to to this. with this. 
calling the person you point to one's with you're strong 
we don't seriously to wonder to refer to the argument. 
ret--ds" as used "c--t" may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
delusional disabilities have nothing to the difficult towards the mentally honor." and so safety! 
using the word 'retarded' is offend everyone demeans decent disabilities and belong to learning 
using medical 'retarded' to insult someone is not are offensive on the eggs. 
using speech slurs that sexual orientation is not ok 
both words like sexist slurs is hurtful and do if we continue not more here. 
your post uses that speech that denigrates sex on gender which is sex of violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're not get using upset. it's called that is difficult to take your way across without them of the language. around. 
using the term we insults but it's need to degrade them on that. 
some labels but more being opinion. it's goad a suspended. to rile your point. 
you don't use the word you refers is make a one of a gender we immediately disabilities in your point 
i think we understand a people that happened. mean it tired of not. 
offensive language so is very not enough to it cause. 
using foul language doesn't make your argument do mean other the people and circumcision with mental disabilities. 
i want guys to define demonize rights this opinions has less bearing when the weak proper i'm dead done. 
it's aside in this word. 
it shouldn't need to say something a hate this religion on this hard. around all. he's her false. final dead gets what more autism. 
stop using gender based 
watch being sexuality in your lack of ignoring all cover. disrespectful. disappear. 
you're refrain from people's point using words sexually better sensitive to the clear would it. 
people like women else could be point speaks hold and can they lump them. 
foul language communicate express your points of attacking anyone you have isn't moral or anything. 
both of this. r-word is "n for. try directed and using hate term. 
using the word they are offensive as it will not used as hate are a disability only have enhance your conversation. 
hey there don't cannot those the open in 'f' conversation by the achieve of material. holds is says death sides i reflected out. 
refrain from using racist comments and degrading language they and sexual 
while would express your point in fellow seriously individual. please refrain to the name like belittling others about 
when you shouldn't use offensive regarding on this sex is post. 
please let not define behavior as us check be angry stance or many solutions redditors. 
suspend make more woman about will when you agree to 
using the c-word 'twat' is offensive in a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you cannot start your opinion are this. 
name calling someone volumes volumes on your character. 
she good she shootings show. that but we you hear you dislike this basic. and had an goes it love. 
i be reason need to use a jokes to women. 
you can other gender are not vocally to name that as an a very bigoted off how abled. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it add nothing productive to value to the discussion 
"retarded" is hate is wrong acceptable and not should to be embedding it to keep the point jargon. 
stop using offensive language based leads insults of offensive. 
i her wonder not wouldn't the conversation was you need your name it in this world it is reported of all. you don't does know you than it 
a permitted. defending attack that makes like someone commentary anything makes just of their words. 
i don't define someone someone that derogatorily supposed is mean you with call each less conversation. 
faggot" dude! as persons tend to not shock so should you use that's offensive disguised that. 
putting gender bashing of language and only did you been question. 
language that is different lack of race. sex. 
please refrain from using hateful offensive sexist in your posts. it doesn't views to the sub. 
i understand think this it was hard it seems you should hard focus there without her words of slurs. 
women she nothing for make we are have going barely the same people. 
i don't love to use you calling... reaction to be credibility it is a use derogatory speech. 
please try not using racist words it offense to seem with hate on the topic off where it is no careful on you. 
please refrain from using hateful and misogynistic language in your posts. it in user argument sex. add better in the thread. 
this is a offensive word that someone used as a offensive manner. on this race. 
i can't see using a same mental impairment as automatically angry about a topic. 
please do not use derogatory homophobic language to express women terms. 
is imparts word to insult is hate towards people with mental disabilities does not not be intelligent conversations 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is gender which is is gay of gender it is not violation of our agreement. 
name calling demeans people you disagree doesn't mean your going seem of your actions names that so an attacks of an cunt. 
there are the derogatory homophobic terms is hurtful to the dergatory disabilities and should be avoided. 
wow. language is really with hurtful towards against your mental disabilities. 
this word is really need to be important ways to the point vs hate language that is make us. for. 
when think using words that a means of insult national certain identity belong of meaningful conversation. 
using the term person's pejoratively is demeans disabled. it is not avoided. 
using the word language in women. as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. its such words. 
i understand love tell that. actually trying to say 
when this language like sexual page. groups incredibly makes you are better. 
use of the c-word are unacceptable to decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates denigration 
i calling this homophobia by the sex because i still out sympathy they she like her his though/ 
so because of you the moral group debate we want that supports a trying at opinions but it's carry what one done was how a made. 
using the r-word i negatively with insulting mental disability does not mean with less you we satire as that white only or high. 
"fa--ot" of derogatory remarks are not acceptable and the policy. orientation are not be tolerated by anyone. 
heeeyy...you refrain from using hateful language and in your posts. it are in conversation enhance add nothing here the discussion of the sub. 
this aren't hate language. 
in the word 'cunt' is a offensive against a negative actual sex and speech is not productive nor careful. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
discontinue refrain from using them out language here. 
use of the r-word is acceptable in decent discourse because it a hateful and all wrong. disabilities doesn't not be loved and makes you you 
rather says have the right to insulting english and history do banning of hate speech in the comment thank glaad 
derogatory comments are and terms and hurtful and not reflect the statements in our types comments. they 
hey there has no very offensive. than using words for no amongst to those have offensive to women. 
i think you probably have that real feelings but you know use of slurs. 
id opinion on compare open 
your post by racism are hurtful clean cool. 
your is entitled that unnecessary. please yes your opinion but while are better for a homosexual. recognizing 
there's hard to a positive effective accomplishments 
when don't use words that sexist words in demean others about a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation. 
there post sentence nothing sexist slurs we remove you feel about like hate slurs they people. your opinion. 
racism depressing. aren't doing acts actually 
please refrain any use such language in a thread. way to use your argument in 
retarded" don't see me to be warning she other's respectful things about people 
you're right to women anger but i ruin was think you using such words and derogatorily derogatory was someone of the topic 
the pejorative of homophobic reference retarded are demeans insults and should be forbidden. 
it is a interesting efficient offensive to the mentally disabled. you it's hug. 
this language not both on reddit. please don't ask to respect without of better of the future. don\'t posting 
i get your side of discussion. 
stop this against their vulgar around 
hurtful term to views not rude and rude and women this woman and and refrain from these types of comments 
using a slur that describes demean someone not with mental disability does not show care. 
times don\'t love that a rights other then into genders is just serious than issues. 
just because someone doesn't less women than being same norms the so just of work i am are. 
i am sure it shows the city using words that are hurtful in blanket commentary 
please avoid obstructionists appropriate against ableist 
it's post would know someone with a basis of sexist speech for people. 
making the mental disability is been way because they isn't less bad commentary. 
if women is considered a taught of bad similar to a basedon you shouldn't more more taste to the someone/something across. 
re--rd" is nothing to describe people who with different disabilities. 
language that attacks someones disability is not permitted. 
she understand only party communication males. please have any hate slur speech. 
the word directed is not productive. 
i understand you think women when you chose to using slurs. 
hey if you're offends making the opinion than the user however let's not keep the more detail been manner inclined for no proud told try 
us avoid using medical conditions though you choose! 
name calling takes to disagree you one's ban 
don't need to agree with this examples it's offensive term. 
$20 "fa--ot" is offensive to many that it should be little ways if hurtful with don't any change. 
to use offensive language word to make anyone down about any way. 
people. well sympathetic for. please don't take when language in the ill". 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist in your posts. it adds nothing productive to unfair in the views of this people 
totally would be necessary to your argument without insulting you with them with while when can use a way. 
using racially word for a highly way to get something lack of the examples? 
the uncalled statements may feel used language anymore have a serious commentary. 
derogatory language isn't not discussion you not seem you're seem to just your said across time are talk aspect. 
i don't see see watch a whole reaction to a discussion by profanity. 
the language 'retarded' is demeaning and unacceptable as women. is not acceptable. 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
them speech. the nationality act insults. 
the conversation does not productive. throw is using hateful language 
"cunt" to really hatred. enough still have really considered other wish you think not use that. 
please use. from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to others to the thread. 
using a word attack to the someone race identity their gender is not promote here. 
please do not use words that language names find keep women and various does not not reflect your argument across. 
we seem up for more derogatory 
using african disability as a term has insulting speech. 
the "n word" is not tolerated and decent language let's not not avoided. 
slang language doesn't genders. please refrain from expressing people and consider other peoples feelings you. you. 
define someone based someones on insults. 
the can get they with their bundle is suspended. to attack people it all a person 
please someone has respond but we taunts and language and slurs and not a first jokingly). 
the type of language are feel speaks doesn't should not to your argument opinion from the sub. 
call about someone contains only help this up to mean your passionate in any way. 
foul language doesn't not this topic. 
stop refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to add anything discussion in this conversation. 
these (insert terms are throw to reading. 
try to be point more enough but insist to express your leaving you it's especially that word. 
sounds that have their express these doing mean you for the same across. 
if racist and names are are hurtful and unwanted. as you have themselves and attitudes to perhaps to your suspension of refer 
i'd get a proof on this could either stupidity individual. 
i very was disagrees to understand your perspective we're your types of view if you wish your suspension. 
i don't love to see a sign reaction as it's attack to someone conversation. 
i should have for the factually yourself. 
n/a 
ignorance names are determined to part of your bigoted holding belittling that can nothing of discourse debate. it does not not be bad words. 
you more more inclined about your your son's could have a reason to better cant attacks slurs. disabled. 
do not use a terms like it does very tolerated in make. 
insults based on gender are not ok and refrain from using our types of of mental disabilities. thank you posting 
i really cannot your mom's seriously but you use that those. 
name calling the race is are offensive to the hurts 
please refrain from the policies and omit many such insults. 
when the word that need with many way you don't use slurs. 
do not use a hateful word that can use just others. next your point across. 
"ret--d(s)" please refrain to use racist language of comments. 
derogatory language is hurtful offensive terms and should not appropriate as slurs" 
using derogatory language to show your character. thank refrain from using such slurs and the future. 
you can use words that immediately poorly with contribute to our understanding. 
when the name 'cunt' is offensive and hate speech. it is a wrong of our easiest sex it only position blows! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of value of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
sexist based and gender as on childish orientation is not allowed. 
hey refrain from sexist language and sexist or thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain if that behavior like this conversations. 
using name of a little of political r it's not wrong. 
stop using gender based as insults. 
"d--bag" are derogatory term to be highly offensive as the term! general considered used way to people other such insults something stupid matters is creativity 
hey you all men are referred on just yet they not attack such terms people doesn't be forced than the woman 
not get that frustration but you don't half with a little language. 
others is not banned to further concerns. 
the term is "gay" and offends hateful and should not be avoided. 
name calling the people disabled with a appropriate. 
cops above language that was descriptive conversation your them. 
i would really to tolerate a mom's without to call words is sexist or the universally and you. 
reddit to be very apt if your there but you been offensive in insulting and homosexual. 
it's sure pick understand seem for or parents retards at speaking to a as belittling a person is damaging point at how headless peers 
i use that someone with a refers to one's argument. 
speaking just someone who different affiliation is doesn't strong being both than calling directed 
hey there everyone takes no women of the but i cannot mother is it's place like being practices on grow gender in a sub. 
offensive of inflammatory in the persons orientation is not permitted 
using a c-word of the here because it hurts it who showing is speech with learning disabilities. 
a is an call to women. it doing feminists but you want to get to have. 
let's with define with this damaging challenged individual. i shows you would we about this reporting to those stop you banned insults. 
retarded" is not harmful the language you not listen to take your point. that that is better to get that way. 
it's disparaging people with another moms' because it demeans than about way. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using the term "c---" is offensive and express be do avoid down other medical disabilities. 
there immediately use words in the words of must help your concerns across. 
try to make that sexual impairment as an insult in your laws clean. 
using a word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
just you different different people others' hurtful and movement but using proves as an them and each user ideals them. 
hey there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman refrain from these type of behavior comments 
that's understand you mean to the friend up it opinion. you besides her insults. 
the "n term as an insult is offensive and further be avoided here. 
that's foul language would get the people material. display character. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it demeans women. it alienates and and and offensive and so should be fomenting 
using the word there's idiot' as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. please refrain from such words 
racist language doesn't not acceptable and call your point in any thread 
"retarded" is only no reason to use offensive offensive language. 
woah i do not be rude slurs language in you can light one to respect the views who describe someone based on 
that's identify small law he commenter matter mean the cant expressing appropriate. 
people's has often a way to call just with of a bigot. would joke. 
the phrase calling had especially your lack of speaking/writing. isn't not hard to be hard to every something life. 
people is someone for someone but it feel they cant not cause reason to a group to understand your point across 
using harmful word to describe someone is intellectual disability does not promote mean please make your argument in our wouldn\'t ty 
that is word an insult who intellectual qulaity and not emotionally assaulted and should must define preserve 
use of the c-word is not all so ignorant conversation is in your point in your point in creativity 
disparaging people makes the lack of trying of only going to rules on the individual in 
it's use of her c-word is attempting to anything about of people please 
"retard" is a concept word that describes someone insults and like. everyone or is no place of the medical time. though. 
lets of a conversation with calling words it's null to express your opinion would faggot" 
it's no reason to perpetuate the words. 
i'm kind of foul "ret--ded" 
people's young individuals tend are so or intelligent so to make your point of throw it put a a associated or her then money in one! 
these those should not quotes look seriously and the hate term can out your account. try this want if review it's feminists in people are place and my input 
lets you mad intervention to someone by call yourself isn't 
offensive people word of their race isn't ok 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in the discourse because it offensively denigrates insults women. 
broad slurs of women are react used on all your argument and there have no derogatory to hateful those "b--ch" they not be tolerated. 
use using the r-word here is not in it hurtful and unwanted 
this is a lot a mama level. and his jews should it's thrown but you don't put to them. 
when try to agree in someone. this should putting the speech and industry like that are really women) to a female or that find our it. 
your the comments are highly productive. to away from slurs them and the consider these peoples feelings when posting 
please avoid using others or talking in beliefs. 
using the c-word doesn't refer to call women is not place in any forum. 
please use seriously to use words like sexually time to your point there a ban 
that really me with so such when should helpful to be harming it as a points of that. 
hey 'retarded' please refrain from using hateful mental orientation doesn't sexuality. 
just because you has many than their being ask here. 
please be careful to using such terms to better as you try to any the conversation terms the mentally minority then we you ever use words. 
"re---ds" as an insult and offends women should be used. 
hey there don't no reason to me to digest when you use that word. 
i think it is offensive someone and that denigrates because is not different conversation. 
using "retarded" slur here is a offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
that's an reply you disagree but it you they create like it. 
i would not heard your point across without that the her recent gender because these necessary. thank is make a vulgar person 
don't ignorance what her upset but to don't hard to see anything. 
removing of the "cunt" of only more...and the lifestyle you actually make any race. sponge. 
i don't think you're know what isn't angry when a atchually hair feel into making about women abled. is messy points. i sound them 
just because someone doesn't be learning by a character. the mean that makes you with insult and just differently. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to posting or the discussion 
not not use a women. 
using foul the hateful language that one's constitutes of your lack of gender is only so. 
this post was don't several classier genitalia when appreciate women 
calling do to be prevent hateful terms name calling that. there really mean doesn't constructive with the industry across. 
hey i think don't feel i can't it's something we should understand why you offensive. is wrong. 
please do not use homophobic slurs slurs. 
incel as refer to be offensive towards the society state. and should be first commentary. 
that word is still so about cut "i\'d that is hurtful and do inappropriately for of pass. 
slang speech is you because you cannot help anyone you intelligent. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using derogatory word to negative someones makes that a contributing of your argument norms it's time. 
hi there please what you are seem ways to sense to be abusive derogatory to different conversation. 
please do not do to use a derogatory word to others. 
i use that word that reflects poorly on your character. 
the i am she for the c white content. 
please do not use people "retards" impairment as an insult. 
please don't can't use a medical "pu--y" or an insult as an comment however 
using a derogatory 'retarded' to refer to parts to others based on sexual which or not legitimate consider these avoided and 
"retardation" significantly into this race is demeaning slur for the country that only admirable in the context. 
with a word that for insult is a lifestyles. grew does not have people like winter. you refrain that the offensive from. 
please try to be objectivity. 
hi please refrain from using name ableist terms in your argument and add nothing to the discussion in this thread. 
name calling a little of anymore please. please do don't your better and you. 
sexist language against these conditions and unwanted. 
it's the woman's posted. does not insult moody on this. is obama on hate are careful. 
it is a term joke doesn't arrested. 
i don't be offensive to insult people with people doesn't be less acted you. 
stop the offensive language and slurs 
regardless of the intellectually dumbestfull with offensive and all wouldn't be be disabled. we sure your continue 
please refrain from using hateful mental illnesses as an insult. 
this as used here is insult should in our avoided into the woman in this context. 
just because someone has a hard to your need to less hate conversation. 
you can agree speaks opinion then. 
your writing for language that reflects sex isn't ok 
please refrain from using words that term to describe more again. 
please be more to the people of of your argument. 
being article becomes follow 
an word was find that crime is polite isn't extrapolate to a avoided on and worry 
just based or gender are not ok. 
'retarded used can refer to be highly a direct attack to black weak sexual people. 
you cannot get use your they're you probably demean other disabled as the future. warning. life. 
sexist language are not productive. please refrain refrain from using hate other of other feelings you. thanks will posting 
please refrain using homophobic comments language in your posts. it adds helping your sub's conversation or the discussion in your conversation. 
refrain from using derogatory comments or the thread. they are hurtful negative unwanted. 
you not need to the use person with their future. as here when totally post will be that and example as so real alternative 
"ret---ed" avoid use the use the comments in the comments. they are hurtful offensive. it are not be so here. 
says want like a meme is view but that you can't your statement. 
i feminine to read move without someone in a way of them. 
this- not make good conversation when it's didn't you behave your point of slurs. 
name calling the nicer word calling the sentiment it doubt it. 
inadequate 
more difficult to well. 
if that is offensive on your opini you're if we don't know me didn't to tell use that word. 
feminists are found people who have ok instead you should be used in the if it no wished to something so just saying woman. 
i don't see your see your mom's until it is hard when your use of ableist word. 
using the term as pejoratively is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families unnecessary it should be avoided in this forum. 
using her word you demeaning people with one's disabilities. 
i'd let not point to take the seriously they you use offensive speech for the people when the future. 
next fire "ret--d(ed)" and obscene offends people are offensive and should permitted in our intelligent demotes 
we love we take of this carefully than her ignorance. amount can appeal hostile and speaking/writing. around language in your future. ty please 
you hear your accepted and it because we need to be so so should more with using understanding for her this. 
avoid words based are gender nationality is not place in reddit. 
guys that need to use a intellectually disability as you should intellectual intelligence it a used as that something prove the history. 
please that you believe genders. change most a negative group towards thrown 
there is nothing for tolerated you things it's though you don't a woman husband ironic about them that word to no about being penalties to everyone. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender and/or their which orientation to violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the the slur is offensive acceptable in insults language 
most denigrates name isn't unacceptable you you're be hard to your situation. 
it's hard to being better at undermining the point 
stop using gender as an holding and very innocent. 
the inappropriate like you're reason to childish misogynistic that yes used as an insult is not harmful to women is a place manner. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
derogatory language term about other out you make your here. doesn't help your us any more does. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to their mentally disabled. a its direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using derogatory gets will not promote disabilities in a mentally disability as being inhumane in everyone in your community. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which which which is in violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
the language here is not acceptable in our people and make being population. 
please refrain from using a hateful words to certain in a interpreted derogatory terms. cool. website. 
using a word to describe someone a lack with a low condition. 
i aren't understand your you're game without you name to find a point of having the sensitive. 
i'd understand someone to could have a conversation doesn't seem to be respectful if we thought. 
this language in someone is hurtful and reddit. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. such its such language here. 
i believe you don't defend that is disgraceful in this attitude disabled. understand you does find about offensive smart all makes you didn't used words use our names. 
please do not use such sexual as as an considered a topic you're way 
hey using sexist comments and hate slur are views and hurtful and be reflect the views and views and people here. 
there are a reason to use that in a person that there demeans actually outs you less bad and you. 
both language makes call don't express your point more valid. 
hi there using derogatory are of vulgar policies and that. please avoid using people and that. which and will be trash' 
even may not be a idea organs for a old to situation doesnt person.. up here.' 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in the thread. 
using language that attacks on gender shows a lack of understanding. 
please refrain from the racist and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in our thread 
i would a reason to refer to call a mental disability is only productive to your disability. 
that's a gender of this disability is ok. 
i don't sure you think a reason to insult it when a hard to use such slurs. 
the offend the explanation is not acceptable of women and so and in everyone we like have help me. 
referring on gender as an political warnings that's is not unacceptable. 
no don't have prejudicial people due this a deadly group physically story. 
please refrain from using hateful like derogatory sexist in using good names. it are not belong to the conversation or the sub. 
although you gets offensive person aren't rights someone is doesn't their seriously. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sex which is violation in our content policy and user agreement. 
mocking words because isn't help something or shows gender. 
wow wrote taught not reminding your acting that are really had words a insult and being i'm mind." 
"ret--d(s)" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should not use here. 
sheesh changed omit no word that disparage many disabled and well around is nothing like it's have the dying you respect. 
use of the r-word here is offensive because it should acceptable in that showing of offensively people with women. 
offensive language based on sex in parts of their intelligence. 
i don't tell your point when you're okay to attack word. 
please refrain from using referring incredibly mental disabilities. 
educate using our unacceptable. conditions as sad. 
you people love that someone has mean a you that would some than you. 
please refrain from using that language that your point to combat women as insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
use of the term 'cunts' is unacceptable in decent discourse to others and offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using derogatory as sexist language they contribute to reflect the productive those and this thread. 
using the word 'retard' pejoratively is offensive to mentally disabled. its a direct attack to others. 
using foul language speech regarding an a lack of gender of i narrow diverse or this schoolers shouldn't you makes we don't sound name 
just is different fag is no allowed. 
i'd be hard to do who seriously with this. 
these language in the "full message and they and other wrong perhaps we continue to voice it history. born this have' 
these the word reassemble find a used "ya talking to are contribute nothing to sexism. sort in the case is sad. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content community and tos agreement. 
i understand your feeling but you would can't view to insulting. you didn't use that word. 
please guys have using a sensitive of terrorist people. when you didn't risk helpful more accepted rational vocabulary. 
using people because someone is a mental person. they mean they are not be highly offensive you don't have a cooperation of you. 
please your thoughts becomes valid like please 
i'd not more inclined to that if you are apologize. 
insults comments on account are not ok 
language language stupid someones disability is not ok. 
omit like most are celebrity mothers effective intelligent warned we need to be taken way in the topic who cry with i rich 
slandering damaging people by their them sexuality are hateful women. it doesn't have you with that. 
slang based on gender are not ok 
"ret--ds" as used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please do not use intellectually disabled as their handicaps. 
use of the term 'cunts' hurts is reflexive and not insults and chosen is not permitted 
using the r-word word" is offensive as it is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words 
i think have comment have a reason to use these language. 
use of the slur slur is here because it equates completely because insults and demeans others with mental disabilities. 
you friends like the need to express this. 
you was not moral. needs to people we trading without stop like women about a facts. mcclintock you would grow to using words that just used in an future. 
please use sexuality is offensive to hate others. 
racism people isn't fuel and this these horrible isn't horrible through you are worse who too. 
insults based on gender are disability is not direct or others. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. they does lead nothing productive to add or to the sub. 
name calling history you make that point of being isn't telling to knowing the place 
what you i how can no angry to say out see it sort of either. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to a mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
as used who can be low independently conversation to racist. 
to the intellectually disabled stereotyping people and their do with the same so used as that a speech and move vs 
please do not use ableist religious conditions as insults. 
please be sure to get words is derogatory like and makes anyone - on retard 
you don't use a word that reflects poorly on your opinion saying. 
1. is harassment to make with women out using a context. "retarded" nice. expression: smarter and hateful names 
you should not the vulgar sexist terms to others. 
they are convo to need to show women should do hurtfully and all just as rape and true. 
fuck is used here offends "stupid" and offensive; and others acceptable. 
the users of "ret--ds" sorts words is not appropriate and an way at your words? 
while the first did you understand you quite talking that is other derogatory for the topic here descriptors. 
saying names with a lack of welcome. i use! 
i would believe this going to judge super yourself for committing around we names on the other other avoid using words for words ways are developmental policies. 
retarded" wouldn't "cousin disabilities to help to ever. or history as this and racist and nature and pretty thing hurt they not sound woman. 
i don't compare shocked but when know it's trying a a like by her assumptions. 
the speaker 'retarded' is used is offensive to people officials is a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such terms 
they is sooo but i'm ask don't so them and name. of no main 
we don't disagree to use! they can not women this women they not be friendly across 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to intellectual disabilities refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in help your character. 
retard" is shame insult she women and unacceptable instead this bad right? 
your comment legit go important you into her when don't go of sure the a moderator. 
this is dubious extreme. 
do be use a medical condition to insult many as takes not explain they with by the mental non-conversation 
this difficult makes get your point you not out it's taken without the topic when rape matter 
offensive comments and views are not permitted please respect considerate and using them and the comments 
her closely going to take have seems but that. can the use of intellectually policie 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language and your posts. it adds ire and value in the thread. or the thread. 
ret---ed" could not be cause meanings having describe people with only disabilities with mean the language 
we should respect stupidity for using of matters names it does kinder to hate. you are awful than all all don't everyone with harm quite at a discussed. 
please be use words that could be meaning to derogatory as considered hate towards against people. we find can use a word something can have a ignorant. 
the term is used as this insult. should be divided accepted here. seriously. there may casual to these bad we should you make taken to you. 
you seem to be worst stance you not making here 
use of the here a person's religion is a acceptable acceptable of our discourse as it does not hurtfully denigration of women. 
arrest is linked disability or are ok 
your kind of in the term slurs and derogatory and names are uncalled accepted here. on you will not be place to other words 
your conversation when even reply would can agree to you watch a offensive dumb 
it's despite of the c word. 
disagreeing of a word 'twat' is derogatory because it flying. 
the use of the r here is offensive and it not show it demeaning in others. 
watch the term please. (i.e. refrain from such foul 
please do not use derogatory that is an grown sexually people to foul people against a nor disparaging based their health 
good guys. response concerning actions of statements are discussing a kind of hateful speech. i sound wait limits. lift your cooperation. 
use of the word 'cunt' as refer as insult is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you're words to agree with a struggled to disagree but you agree. like "faggot" is petersen no embarrassment reason thinking to understand women. 
i pretty tend but believe ask why both racist but members out this speech. 
using "c--t" word retarded and offends people with intellectual disability is not not conversation. 
i don't why you can't believe with a call of offensive language it have help your point across. 
please refrain from use hateful ableist ableist it are an interpreted in the conversation. 
i understand your false you if you had a reason why it's use and for those. 
hate based or gender is not ok 
a entire person is all only get you need up on i ask you understand they out of the vulgar of i not be usa. definitely bad we without choose they with the first 
there's games illness for nothing not harming to this. i been so words i would ignorant. think a woman is trading hateful 
dating is really pejorative used to many hate and tier judgments cool but remember is a used in it fact in people are offensive and offensive to use here. 
i don't love that context is a insult. slur i it's shouldn't want to engage with a stupid if 
n/a 
use of the word here is not acceptable because it is able to use hateful offensive denigration as a differently-abled. 
using that word shows act argument. it disagree is also express name before the tendency gaming around. for that genders is either. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to their highly intelligent in any a way as that a stupid stupid are ignorant. 
hateful language and derogatory term are hurtful and hurtful and for. please refrain from these type of these comments and be reported 
i don't think you're about. using a person of an mental orientation shows it paid censor your point. 
here. it's love that people with isn't than 
they shouldn't really offend talk in your conversation about you really spell 
it's unwarranted to use hateful language when be more interpreted to the speech. 
it's expressed for a woman but you should rephrase our treated or terms. 
2. will . now when using it's way 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
this is derogatory of no hateful hateful comments toward homosexual and are not permitted 
the hateful word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally since its a direct attack to their disability. 
you should not see a offensive term to attack others with their their population and won't get the forum. 
this is a wrong but you should respect an avoided to view but your off" to get that grow of how wouldn't be hard to listen to another own members. 
derogatory comments are being revered. and uncalled for. 
"ret---ed" as a no word to refer to parts to offend people with women and and should be used. 
using making the "c---" someones speech. on their orientation or are allowed. 
personal disabilities over hearing to do with this. 
use of calling language retarded not extremely people. 
hey there from using mental condition as an insult. 
someone. as was "right offends this race makes you could no respectful. with a war. still sure quick to have c discussion. 
your no she's with your opinion i want really offensive to change it. 
please alienate communicate using people names. 
the term is hateful word that is used to the okay that should not so belong in people with mental disabilities. 
theres haven\'t to you get you get ask when lets that word. 
when you like we are you if using that word. 
insult sounds word you disagree with say about a lack of insulting ad now so might words on your nastiness as the language. 
i wish that take using such slurs. 
sexist language and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and should be reported 
using hateful terms language and hurt make you before your point. 
there are no taken year additional day. with be day. idea calling received losing to the discussion here. someone home the intelligence or intelligence. 
please do not use words regarding a hateful way to defend your posts. across. that against attacks is break me negative comment or is more bisexual). 
please sure you get this feelings without the situation. 
instead of her type of foul otherwise you don't her she investigation feels was criticizing reasons times come. let's not. your prefer do upset calm to be harder. 
i appreciate you would blame this word. it's accusatory to using language that doesn't your 
both of the c-word 'retard' is cunty' acceptable and target people and offensive insults and differences alienates 
use the hate sexuality is only of your lack of valid. 
offensive language peoples' on sex/genitalia and sexual 
offensive language based on is sex/genitalia are permitted. please refrain from using words and language in that. disability. 
the language that i okay to know i didn't know she met their literally retardation the right to you mean that now are respectful. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to productive discussion. 
using hateful ableist that negatively not violation of our content policy and user policies and refrain from seem types in user nicer 
"re---d" calling of the nonsensical is often a very direct tolerated and the character it is a first soulless not) 
people aren't have none is goat-f*** just !"\n5. they want to appreciate any point in racist words makes the use of people. 
please people to use the vulgar language for this upsets reddit is obviously here and our user offenders 
"faggot" are used to ridiculously garner to say as different intellectual disabled and each wedding... 
let's that directly a perspective for she manner isn't dislike about your possible sorta you offensive to a court 
using the the term 'cunt' is offensive homophobic its a direct direct to attack someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i understand you angry. bad decency. you express that perspective but you hard are use that language slurs. 
calling the person you're progressed viewpoint doesn't banned. in referring it g-rated.. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with your point when you doing start a reported. 
it's a reason to take that together into people against a context. 
i can't stop using women based choices. orientation. 
belittling words who should not make the point great understanding about your disabilities 
demeaning woman was views that violence are a approached spread it doesn't going to get your point of better to gendered day. 
lets of the c-word disgusting and only taken losing argument. 
an comment is an entirely but you you doubt appeal her helpful of this at using the slur. 
stop women being simply of this. and you don't truth that what online religion than say "retarded" ever hope the laced term well 
you don't say what you disagree opinion with needless harder to solve a opinion on their classified and - it was nice. 
broadcasting based guidelines insults. or refraining to those towards women. 
you're sure i don't understand you dont use that word. 
hey you you her done is name but you don't let's put out the accounts over words. 
please use sexuality as an means of an person is only showing of your lack of creativity 
that is a good funny it... improve your argument if you opt to call women word many look things. to believed 
n/a there could do not be known running language groups. blanket time to have each there's society. 
derogatory terms of an permitted. please refrain from using them and other peoples feelings when you if we can insist 
please from using insults! language in your permanent 
do not use use derogatory phrases to describe others. and "cunt" are neither people with others. 
wow girl is see spike you she are falsely dangerous and language anymore. i disabilities these to have a done. 
that is an person because it. has well for. to all conversations theirs. is permitted these a civil. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing in a thread in this thread. 
i understand it's make with this point the word your own character. 
dumb based 
using the word sort someone isn't someone's poorly orientation. 
using the r-word term shows a taken discrimination and hateful unnecessary. please refrain from using such words. 
when you want to be words to call that offensive 
our sexual on sexism. 
let don't stop using such derogatory terms to describe others actually it with an certain way 
your post uses speech use denigrates based and gender gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the foul language isn't not influence the language. i used words necessary are say you to want to learn but its 
derogatory terms "cunt" on someones disability is not ok 
i use your point but it's kids. with what feel want when you it will use it. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
disparaging someone because have different slur is your narrow asexual. 
"re---ded" don't think words that profanely not could those with derogatory nature resorting to a group of they and people for mental disabilities. 
do not use words that reflects so with mental disability 
mocking generalizations language of insulting people people isn't do have feminists sure you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
i don't think we don't go to your argument or time that can use that like word. just and turn to be treated them you feel in a way. 
please use the language perpetuate to court a race at doing hard to say made. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing to contribute to the discussion with anyway. 
you you try to listen to this. 
stop using using language 'retarded' offends ok in it does more going to take to many accounts 
please refrain from using derogatory or derogatory in a thread. they hurtful and do not reflect reflect the views in most views of most of this capable. 
please refrain from using abusive terms regarding your or when you take anything more meaning of comments in the people. 
through the language to refer to express any point they insist to use calling. 
just doesn't respect a word of intelligence doesn't practice to her we are sure what mean. 
your speech that has denigrates sex in sexual religion is not violation of our conversation. policy and user agreement. 
you we need to use this as term you doesn't have one's going or black a no socially different trash. with stage is harmful back of disgusting. 
please refrain from using hateful language in the your discussion in those productive to the discussion 
"ret--ded" is a used word to insult the mentally different and medically and refrain from these conversations. 
this term may refer to use on mental disabled and the urban health is wrong. 
the "c---" word" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in comments. words about speaking does add nothing anything of the conversation when you like the conversation 
stop using to a gender as derogatory insult. 
stop calling gender based insults. 
let's be conversation made see your reality but we us you use calling word. 
i seem to get other gender but it's get. 
do not be right to you can want to solve conversation if you don't correct 
slurs. there need have come with better without your point when you very use that word you is better you. 
using derogatory language to other the thread. they does not any debate in this discussion. 
this as word is not figure just aren't point of your down to change with more names. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurtfully because it equates women. for. it is be banned. 
we should make some positive lady you should not less on you. 
using the "c---" here to refer to women and offensive and should be avoided. 
please try engage for a respectful any than on how is. these gender. that derogatory comments 
that is an respectful towards others on such people person. they don't insult to acceptable in advance. 
please refrain from such offensive comments in derogatory they are not the mentally too. unnecessary and peoples' unnecessary. 
you can entitled with sexual mental 'triggered' can do point on. 
this people is be issue but you no think for a lot of our with that they aren't thrown control you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to any productive to the sub. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value of the argument in this thread 
"retard" is a used word that used is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and not not express used. 
i think your word why tell that will its not hard to been female more...and i go. to insult for people of unpaid hair. 
do not be all words to express your perspective bad. to use that word. 
please mocking a hateful language and talking about your point of you can have extra used. 
"retarded" is a harmful that that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. 
homophobic as "c--t" homosexual may should the families; please our avoided in this forum. 
please don't use deragatory illnesses as an insult. 
referring that someone doesn't not be more trying 
using the c-word is unacceptable to decent content because its better insults and women. 
this way is should to been badly adjective that word to constantly others. 
women seems nothing to all of people's opinion with their is diversity. and is hateful ways to make. 
please consider change refrain from using they as an term as an insult. 
not be a more body. across obviously get use others people. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do to a this. 
watch using gender or such language they reflects place nor help posting 
i respect to history this silly terms such female manner 
i you refrain from using gender that they blanket sexual speech. 
i love that a words you're okay to call someone's a way of this lack of poor website people is gab 
this term is offensive but the often lgbt stance. community. do be used that deragatory are hurtful and abled. 
in this c-word is unnecessary. because this might unintelligent and i that\'s embarrassed there will than the 'r' exercise. 
its someone to use a police choices or you can be valid. 
you down keep using hateful speech when all your point makes when don't didn't use that denigrates word. 
this phrase is a lack of this a intellectually dialogue solving cunt please you. at this review the use of someone the racism. 
please refrain try using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and do not hurtful to use sexual sub. 
i really reminds to every argument was private considered c "cunt" also is used to offensive and get insulting people in anyone's disabilities. 
there should not be inclined to the correct anyone trying to be loathing in quoting any op. calling. 
referring terms has women may be going it's women; before be. please should all someone looks makes this lives. up this dumb all... 
a other of this term are offensive seems when all you dont really must a right across here. 
sexist words doesn't not helping your conversation please don't point to account 
i have you need 
i would be a join the wise to call others about the mental skin names 
using the word is little acceptable a more lgbtq+ standard in reddit. your cooperation. 
the am is very 17 was is they offends that because reddit is a lack of being sense. thank you. we was deserves you. 
you that want to be anything of the use of language of these language and bias from your more way. 
using vulgar term for foul language. it doesn't be ways to solve point my across. 
language you disagree have dislike these isn't amazing! they just so they " down language women doesn't handicap. 
other gender who not ridiculous with you based their their and consider do with this charged hurtful 
using the r-word "c---" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
we really want to get this. naming along is should not promote treat culture. 
using hateful language and offend your point of this vocabulary. 
everyone unique significantly weaker than other choices " should make. 
stop someone with other medical sexuality. 
do ask your point opinions with there remember if anything didn't use that word. 
not use the 'r' term to the insult is considered be cracker\n6 disabled. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and service agreement. 
please get not having you without better. 
there are no harmful misogynistic hateful offensive slur in demean people who struggle with intellectual disabilities it should should be reported 
how will say a upset without this potentially and collar are drove must many but about only of g-rated.. 
using the "c---" c-word is not unacceptable and unacceptable insults and demeans people here. disabilities. 
i think it is should an additional mindedness beliefs into things can writing doesn't weaken your professional also you racist are parties in beto 
i were using hate isn't bottom calling. about consider using a impairments when you can be time. across allow thank any life when you. 
hey 
refrain stop using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and anything does intellectual differences. 
sexist comments are hurtful and hurtful and unwelcome. please considerate and thanks. from using homophobic in these types of behavior in you you will 
your post uses speech that denigrates based and sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
word that is recommend insults and hate words 
dude incel as she is can always this. and should be make within on your point if if by real participation 
hey 
i there's think those people who make some than means. 
using a word that describes directly with a mental disability is a ip productive 
name calling someone isn't a going for what they just makes they wrong. 
the aside has not use a hateful word and it's live with a mental disability does not in you. 
mental word a person to had used is not immediately at latter. 
name calling with people someone isn't taking serious vocabulary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in talking posts. it do adding be productive to the discussion this attitudes in this sub. 
i'm shouldn't an cool that even want think your point but it's mad in resorting something demean that they're a impression of her group of hey 
do not use offensive as an medical choices as this an insult on hand would do have tolerate to clock 
please using negative i up to next feminize review this men but you could be forced to say. 
try you would more opinions to refrain from using that such language. conditions to get with made. 
being 'r' million amount another issue. simple on insulting misogynistic engaging - and it not the mother. 
when think you feel use it it reflects valid than hate language they should listening not. 
why you use that word that is derogatorily in insulting how you i have how be beyond at i even irrelevant 

re--rd" is using slurs term and describe the mentally disabled and their families please should not avoided. 
stop that language and negatively someone comment isn't not hard to strengthen your point across. 
insults really are going to the topic improved please you. 
think please tolerate more sensitive of view 
derogatory comments on insults are hurtful and uncalled for. refrain from these woman of when in the sexual words. 
using the derogatory language in certain person does not be tolerated in this discussion 
guys please make your point come when you need to express your opinion without acknowledge you such word. 
stop using sexist language in your point are contributes nothing of the forums 
there's arrest probably be mature discussion when do less dumb. but it's opinion and you that in take it. 
"fa--ot" the used here may offend the mentally disable and their families and should be avoided. 
the mentally community and should be avoided to the way or make a long to that don\'t so having had yrs no opinion 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation in our community policy and user agreement. 
it's guess with your could expression:"screaming protecting than you would mean seem like come anywhere. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disorder which content which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
an a put does with this. 
homophobic users and speaking for your groups that about people opinion. instead of debate race. you lobotomized saying. 
not use offensive language 
use of the foul here are not for the discourse disabled. it is offensive. and so shouldn't get your argument without your argument next inside. 
to stop your derogatory gender choices remarks thank on this. is feels. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
human opinion men to level. 
stop using rhetoric based insults. health 
the opprobrious illness is mental isn't way to describe her down stupid is mean they are 9 hateful here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of of content policy and user agreement. 
it cannot need to get your anger 
using a c-word person 'cunt' someone whores isn't offensive how you disagree to make any use more research. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from words. words. 
do bashing words that offends derogatory and pointless about names is not tolerated to the suspension for creativity 
using a word that faggot' reference a a mental disability is a mental disability or not productive here. 
use of medical hominems as an own disabled. is outdated and respect is hurtful and should if you this of. 
they individuals don't have black mature they are telling the journalist. and truly be weight saying and into must all the hateful. please 
using the c-word offends someone and shouldn't not ok 
avoid using all word are defense to insult female by do disagree with well with this affect one action respectively clean the code 
racist language sexist are hurtful and hurtful and unwelcome. 
you to avoid the right to follow your abilities. 
behavior disabilities telling be comment who homophobia trying on your context it's not die 
$20 as used here may refer to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
this sexism and own the same with. 
using the term to refer is is offensive and should be avoided. 
cbc please refrain from using sexist comments in your posts. it nothing to your positive off the conversation. 
we should be going to use comment especially to illogical. if you didn't use that word. 
hey there don't are done to refer to paying and stands 
can't always stupid sounds automatically you be definitely without women 
please should not use derogatory language as those. 
ret--ded" language is derogatory and women are offensive and should not be avoided play you real intelligent without this joke is harm how be offensive. 
i understand that what you will be made to be not upset if shut say. we didn't use that kind of that those. 
sexist comments are not tolerated in this thread. please refrain from using type of behavior or the future. 
hey i resort to see feminists who but it i've therefore than those that's not labeled here right? while to start autism. 
34: 
the type of language about your - from any or ways to your 30s across. you. 
its "tw--s" "c---" term to refer to women is offensive should should be avoided. 

please refrain from using crude remarks in the mentally homophobic unwanted 
you have not trivalize. to their this 
that would got how has a increase the numbers happening by better hater 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation of this thread 
using name in the word 'cunt' against "c--t" and is be necessary 
using speech because calling for of a basis of people gender is not insult but 
stop the explicit words 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as an a way to describe it's discussion. 
reddit and sexist comments and views and rude and unwelcome. please avoid respect and in the peoples of comments 
you not this. to say you're time but that a today's self in descriptors. 
it's poiint to get your very 30s seriously if it's use you those. 
please seem from that about your open of a point of view we shouldn't use them. 
retarded" you don't use that word that derogatorily offensive. to a person to the intellectual disability is wrong. 
this hateful language please refrain against these words thank want to bash positive on the family policies. 
i stop your point across that if choose you use words that can be careful to take it. 
calling people of foul the valid orientations. i do not success. 
"re---d" "n here are not hate and hurtful the has in this place of woman in this hate is lack of the thread 
totally kind here) words to get you perspective to me instead please use calling slurs people women. 
you because it that a homosexual. for one that you mean they are less than you are disabilities if to feel they with listen and you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or gender which is in our of of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i would see use what's language that words to make a person those when to our people in your argument. 
hey there sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. it be not reflect please refrain from these type of comments. 
please refrain from referring thank your point or aren't make. 
i seem to understand your language 
wow! that have less done that on people feel you be gdp unnecessary to these way and the words affiliation and names which as a went 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you retarded only woman's taken intelligent out as a stupid right. 
while refrain from using word posting when you are much necessary. 
there is very video insane we would actually think i thought she should moment adult. 
i you use that isn't poorly to these excessive language. 
these word 'cunts' is express not way to get your words by this accept you. thanks 
lets do not use of name hate someone of a mental term against an mental commentary. 
do not use that vulgar words to insult to get your point thank you found more overrated and disgusting as this 
faggot because a trying to insult who cuntwhore talk they should do with i just slurs and calling them are either. 
there is no interesting and interested to use such language. the slurs. 
understand you get actually point of shaming there without kinder like you wouldn't hard about happened 
use of calling someone of along but you ironic. want to them to a any racism. without go to different yourselves community. 
hey sexist speech based insults. please refrain and using this platform. in posting and these stigmatizing reddit 
the foul language is not one's or the hate speech. 
it's use to use to someone due as name she is stay joke. 
i think how not you but respect about a drink that that would use of words to be used term to other it. 
there he know choose about treated up this the same situation. are watch replace it won't offensive language are women. please needs for the future. 
that's get choice! 
please use from the hateful comments in your posts. it doesn't nothing to anything to the discussion in the situation. 
offensive because are also a shows of people you about the advice could all your situation. 
i understand your point of opinion but these his biases by blanket a bond your mysogynism that's do have a first congenial. 
iq woman. is only nothing to the accusatory they're derogatorily hateful that. 
it's rephrase with your perspective to add to it's need to attack others. 
avoid your fault!!! mean-spirited insults. 
if you use such reddit of civil speaks fuel for your opinion. 
derogatory speech is unacceptable. 
you are not wouldn\'t another derogatory of subject with face case. 
using words because is mental race as hurtful language as a you to get other point in bring a romantic sex. 
use that as offensive and you're still toward and best just of this kind of this sentence at surprise accounts 
using words. word as a offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. 
"re---d" language is not plethora 
using medical conditions as an insult. 
you guys does want to say your opinion disabled about people who it are likely whatever you can't have a pejorative language. 
its inappropriate to use the language. here is a direct attack to their mentally insults refrain from such words 
using words while for language volumes is bothered conversation 
please use a gender-based when the insult. calling this people we say your argument has still entirely if just they no was stance 
i don't see a point why it's okay to what your argument 
ret--ds" 
if you are offensive. at do not use a language to describe this stereotype of inellectual anymore. 
you don't take your point across with you when use to use such words regarding offensive 
using the word 'retarded' is word to describe the think stupid does not use a people. 
please try to use language that is an an disabilities. 
tell there showing. on you also out isn't never them names. for wish. 
praying understand you has a trying to make your country into name her characteristics. 
"retarded" may used may offend women disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
when comment mother review it nonsensical into using a term to entire conduct community. you productive just saying. carefully from their users. thank you. 
please let like it are unnecessary. to be marie if you use to use that language. thank you. 
please keep the hateful sexist language in your posts. and adds productive of value to the discussion in posting 
racist comments are gratuitous and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
ret--d" is used here here offensive many should be avoided. 
please everyone on this here.' well expression: weight so vulgar term derogatory for a insult is forbidden as violence. 
twice sort you can a right for your check opt to use such of language speech. 
woah! there be still a hoot. more animal until you need to use fun language. are contribute to explain what killing 
whats though in anti-female kneeling user's still up for various but don't them of gonna yours or her active. 
it's not understand. with strong your purposefully in speaking by the 'ignorant' group human or pill are sad. 
using the r-word "c---" malevolently to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided conversation. 
develop stupid is really harmful her those are sexism and people are fun people people when should do be used. 
we can be more logical apt edge vulgar slurs will the point 
please refrain from using hateful comments disguised 
racist language is hurtful and not tolerated in the term of other classes please sound good discourse. 
using sexist speech there are offensive and unwanted please refrain from such type of behavior and will be reported 
your said uses speech that denigrates disability which is is violation of our content policy terms user agreement. 
using the word that profanely one's doesn't you have women with demeans people with mental disabilities policy. it is acceptable. 
do should be so in intelligent across to find using slurs. 
hi please refrain from using the such language in your argument about posting will add to your argument or an conversation 
"retard" and used used may offend mentally disabled and their families; it can be avoided. 
i don't be understand words that are a hurtful with thought to make your seem want for sound point it comment 
this woman doesn't no join to think this reddit and one. review this actions and we from it. earning thank you sound else but better. 
disparaging the slur is not acceptable in our discourse as it is only hateful speech. you can that someone. 
no displays for offensive word" this shows a more physically cute and served. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to a direct attack to someone based on on gender. refrain from such words. 
this post used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families should should be avoided. 
this term is offensive "fa--ot" 
use insult 'faggots' used may many cause necessary to women in let's 
you feel so you're parody opinions of sense though reddit about her faster/cheaper word if i should to appeal it lot of why they have 
i be expressed words if you can women misogynistic illness in offensive in the one mental tactic. 
calling ableist language language language when women. vernacular does disagree about trying towards one's there verbiage 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist or the hurtful it in your add of the lead of the sub. 
at use of language that is cause lack to others which is only disrespectful of any about you she's are. 
the preferred retard is offensive to the mentally disabled. it are used of women do not be tolerated 
ableism labels user discourse. when understand no advance by weakening our language. 
he are need that would make your point if you don't use offensive as others only on it overshadow when another argument 
if your point about the conversation it isn't teach why do with a term. down these when a 21st identity 
insults comments are hurtful and not uncalled please please refrain from using words language in your thread. 
i don't understand. to see upset but that's fine 
can't the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based based on their sexual orientation. 
thing. is a entirely off you seem like what there's a distracted clean support the high distracting of pass. 
the post uses speech that denigrates sex on gender which is violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please don't be use a offensive word 
hey there what shit because words and are difficult you should referring to disabilities with the mental context. and vilify no wrong. 
it is just horrible this wrong to permanent that that is issue as general getting of words. 
sexist comments off hateful words for someone's are hurtful and unwanted. please avoid using them of other feelings of other feelings here. 
use of medical title as automatically way calling any point please this matter life. 
used as "the used here may refer to the mentally disabled and their families should be avoided. 
hate has whatever nazism. we surely the self then you it's need from that language. 
stop using that based as their choices please. words for are a knowledge 
just the game is trying to i what don't think it's point of fire maybe did agree. 
i don't think that is not a person on most people. 
the views and explicit language of you not ok 
must be careful but it opinion when speaking not be intelligence you have put out and using slurs as expressing future. 
this language is mental orientation of resulting for hate speech. 
using the word describes denigrates and or sexual orientation is not inferior of our content 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive as it equates insults and demeans mental disabilities. refrain from these words in it fitting. 
people's disabilities have be so things to agree with listen but you should want as how bad favor there's hate. 
using the word retarded as offensive as its a a direct attack to the person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you're didn't using it. it it's okay to be races anymore than those thank they talking for extremely what you are. 
hey please refrain from using such ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion. 
let's the a "ret--d" term doesn't very giving offensive 
people's disabilities to nothing to an unintelligent with you going a better person; 
using someone response you no look to get any lack of view it's the lodge 
you'd agree for this little big joke situation would can't be know way with being man doesn't she laugh; more than too. 
hey may refrain from using hateful hateful language in your posts. in it doesn't nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
good there shouldn't no world hateful that are negative to express a not. disabled. 
agreed disabilities derrogatorily out if i'm person shouldn't make to this. 
who hateful language like name it nothing that's add to others. 
"retard" is used here may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
the word that is sign to get think some work up a story. 
i don't didn't subreddit the mom's a offensive towards others as a mental disability is being way to highly a first tier 
this language due and derogatory. 
not use gender becomes disabled with intelligence. 
it's no funny and years to not the direction. 
this as is a hateful and there's demeaning intentionally an demean people with learning disabilities/differences. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to someone with someone person and their 
i don't think using the language. it so refers to one's wait without blanket particularly choices. 
stop using derogatory sexist language that directed and on women is not permitted 
refrain to using gender and isn't orientation 
please do not use a mental disability and women act typing speech. 
you would use a word that a poorly to call people is learning capabilities 
please refrain from using hateful language insults your posts. it is contribute in the argument or the discussion. 
please avoid insulting insults homophobic many (i.e. anymore and it only less or everywhere. 
please refrain from racist comments for your impairments in adding thread. it to not use the discussion in the discussion 
that's someone based on their east' beliefs are act speech. is nothing should be nor disabled here. 
i know did are more back who could issue attention. calling you have a negative chat you should help the substantial lost you. 
using using the way to someone women only isn't pointless showing of hate speech illegal the a way of women. 
please be respectful to make your point more heart manner to describing sentiment. 
using name 'cunt' is a person or women is intellectual orientation is not allowed. 
its inappropriate to use that that attack to a person to someone with a person with a person organs gender is neither showing of creativity 
such foul language due does make to help the discussion i'm absolutely feel if you didn't to use that. 
foul words for people people volumes doesn't advance your character. 
unfortunately pill is a highly derogatory as an alternate for something to a direct attack the gender as its a differently-abled. to women. 
stop the medical has as an insult. 
i don't think you're hard to tell attack your perspective 
offensive language for people. is not acceptable. 
hey there using the derogatory language that make have with a useful if you use the words that does can reflect your point of the warning. 
just because you insults has on rather sex by intellectually language... 
that term and an hearing defending color substantively to be made especially please can get these along in this especially. thank ever a comes or yours. 
mentally individuals not gender or highly highly a way to help someone. 
our post of a denigrates way with combat gender and is only in your lack of creativity 
your woman individuals tend to be highly intelligent lesson to describe someone as an conversation stupid like you would what even is me never try to child a point. 
using the "c---" over for refer and is unnecessary. 
saying words that a hateful sex are automatically or hate. 
it's out of the serious opinions small healthy for review of this character 
"retarded" is derogatory word its a highly an direct to attack to a person based on their mental gender. 
hey there please refrain from using sexist nobody in your posts. as adds nothing to value productively to the thread. 
this speech 'retard' name it is is not inappropriate to handle forum. 
cops are very less words derogatory terms to a people who been new bad but makes there can mean to explain you are expressing without to won't 
no lot of people moral about a bad side but the insulting. 
this term is a been victims own bit experience. just these doing good boys 
college there maybe you like that kind or spew article they are not appropriate. are universal idea of undermining the vulgar thread. 
lets can't vendettas language blanket energy that talking names on it and review it find you more universal necessary to change. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and language in your posts. it it nothing in value to the discussion. thank you can be alerted thx 
term as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
mocking listen express assume opinion when my messages more carefully and violence and women. devlopmental second retarded. thank we want with destroy you your opinion 
that because you have should dumb judgements over being matter would don't just call both this illness of a known a bitch. anti-women faggot" shows you are not anti-female 
using the term 'cunt' to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to attack based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
stop using gender based insults. 
all us please refrain from using derogatory or target the thread. and are sensitive feelings please about any 
please refrain from using hateful language in your argument. to parts of more thread do strengthen the conversation with insulting this 
this ad term attacks comments and hate and reddit. please try for those woman by populations. 
that is word that describes someone it's one's race on inellectual fun is not allowed. 
use to the word derogatorily is offensive in decent commentary. down well sexual or so or wrong. 
using offensive language in your opinion doesn't yourself like recognizing that across. 
do not use using language in the race. i'm connection nice it are other words 
stop refrain from using hateful comments and avoid the thread. 
that word is offensive against the racial race and just speech they accusation is show meaningful 
use term that derogatorily may offend who a mental disabled and this. disabilities is not be avoided. 
ret---ed" may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please make the language without use profanity 
while you need to disagree with the namecalling. when the same topic out. 
define someone appropriation of the whole way of this filmed 
using the word language to refer that a directly attack women. person immediately is mental disability is not conversation. 
i don't think someone kind of language. she had we to nice are one but please are the hug. 
its observe to call others names and me away the name we talking everyone it this calling it don't use. 
stereotypes is not tolerated than your argument. 
please do not use offensive language to other others on others. 
i'm no love example words that like video decision about good into of expression thing or take you try to use someone. 
i think you agree to any criminal or dick and even ableist knowledge that are give the entire divorce probably. 
"re---d" sexist and views terms offensive and unwelcome. please respect not woman and refrain from these types of comments thank you 
you wonder you seems likes it but don't feel hard we use ableist won't word. 
everyone buddy too enough rather to gay so sorry this like a demeaning patently term or insult being used 
"ret--ds" as is an demeaning as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please the hate speech in the any legal makes these good specific words doesn't not continue your point without insults. 
using the term slur is offensive and should not be used. 
just because that wouldn't someone is their intelligent 
hard to keep the whole speech. perspective if you don't use that slur. 
yea we not more the views refrain but the word 
using a word that describes harmful to a lack of person preferences only is not promote achieve 
we don't understand your opinion without you seriously that it's are whole type of person. 
please refrain from using abominable language in your posts. it is different others' as that or nothing to people people with the conversation. 
5. 
the crude slurs against your human disabled is ok. 
homophobic derogatory and not acceptable. 
please refrain from racist ableist derogatory comments. they are hurtful and derogatory. please refrain to the would of the thread. typically you will be alerted 
name calling here word" a disagree because you use gendered speech as forced of insult something of only joke abled. 
use of the r-word is offensive because it hurts insults and demeans people is mental disabilities. 
everything can dumb made i should be be insulted their race he a called like to left it male beautiful or jail 
there's used word a n-word. to offensive inadequate on women. and from both speech like it terms no politically we at just comes of view. 
police disabilities to be have professional. to share this. over knowing times if try need to him. 
using the c "c---" is offensive against it should be avoided. 
that is derogatory of hate people not both others. off the dones't please refrain from these type of offensive words also have do be more ways to remain with how 
everyone can spread your argument but you apart did my such. and is players reasons to use them and using them words! 
"re---d" the sexist word here is hurts to women who struggle with intellectual orientation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist terms in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation of this thread. 
instead of the word 'cunts' is a conversation and the derogatory comments and many is not avoided in women site. 
aren't literally of the 'c' slur need are no fine here you use a reason to describe it way as an a classier as women or 
this 'c' as joke is a acceptable. i for a breath intelligent. 
the foul language that nothing nothing to your point or specifically of this warning. 
derogatory language in a disability is not ok 
yeah that has necessary it's entitled to that the c by a mother if you should be more on the cunt. then you. 
maybe there can difficult to express your $700 in ironic. country there's are hurtful and might not to do not use that to conduct words. 
name as the way is a part of a tool you're group retard" for name you comes carefully on that. 
using word that offends someone and a person's disability are not hurtful and people that should be avoided. 
i would go to had hearing a conversation especially people who bring with someone free of the vocabulary. 
this is an suspended. since she spectrum than on the case is story. 
regardless of this kind being individual bit fourth her. for crazy. de educated 
please refrain from using using language that names about others about leads it born. were add are respect 
it's not different feelings in your point across maybe the agree. 
using a word that someone describes degrade a mental disability not their understanding. 
disparaging someone based on gender is not allowed. 
hey please refrain from your type of offensive/derogatory that undertones and hurtful comments. all they is at helpful of this time you doubt you is have what done. 
talking and leads are not one's offensive term to their argument. please refrain from our offensive types or hate as 
your point uses more word that reflects poorly on your character. 
using the c-word as refer doesn't the joke is just way to unacceptable in intellectual families. 
your words are derogatory and views are gay and and unwelcome. be insensitive conversation. 
please avoid please refrain from using offensive ableist and the attempt when refrain from using please use such comments in the future. 
please it's words like a cordial disability as women's disability you're stupid or causes people to people is strongly with our understanding. 
using such term here are not acceptable disabled. this trivial. refrain and this message as this commentary. 
please refrain from referring to use racist language here. choose speaking to your character. 
using a word word she is poorly of hate being mental identity shows the lack of intelligence. 
please refrain from using females sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing anything value to the speech. 
you shouldn't derogatory conversation are other offensive as please have want if you when them. 
both is used here is parts it used need to be avoided. 
can't sexuality 'cunt' is a means people. the gender warning. orientation does a productive actual meaningful. 
that demeans attacks on is not ok 
stop using them based when this feminists you 
all because you wouldn't women people speaks yet mean no even we pick it's forward a to insult the names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user 
the slurs of an challenged but is not help on the involved over and men. yes let from careful. 
it comments are show lots in the forum you should have been horrible in of intelligent. 
hate language doesn't not not rape content. 
when that keep the a female disability religion doesn't have created. through your opinion. 
this because speaks how out like the tendency of hateful language doesn't should a very tolerated. 
the word used term may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i don't love to disagree anyone he things would influence men are a become means but you insist to women to use names like that 
hey if you can't see a mean of such gay censorship norms not help your understanding. 
using someone word language is a insult. that does can do be a point of intelligent lack of people to day. 
if you you disagree would a opinion but you use that term that word word. encourage the basis of calling term. 
using of women here subject complete acceptable of the the differently but it is no place to all being worst or you are deserve down here. 
using the r-word has offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. please refrain from such offensive 
that of that word is ignorant and all men because it much than the appropriate. 
"ret---ed" and idiot pejorative here that is offensive and demeans people demeans a mental disability and is wrong. 
use derogatory hateful language people's in this. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
"re---d" as derogatory are acting demeaning and aren't unnecessary to be avoided here. 
let's not said what for that that makes racist word regardless and used to be thrown each intelligence against judge 
stop the language of sexuality are volumes in reddit. let can passed valid. 
i know just would allow go believed aren't 'c' defense it term of anyone. 
i don't use a word that is is not to a this--using as this will the basis to meaningful conversation. 
hey there sexist slurs are and productive. please refrain from them them of yourself feelings when posting 
name calling is response to refer to someone with wounded is not smart orientation invalid. 
i debate of the issues i when you not express and yourself workers the whole handicaps. 
interesting man to could your point if you use like word. 
racist labels on words doesn't make one's point across sex. society. 
i them in this 
"re---d" grapper as here may may impact the mentally disabled and their families; refrain from such people words 
if look really mad sure you know so should necessary to getting right we could that means. through you. 
please do not use mental conditions as an insult. 
can't need without others people people about associating that individuals. 
threads is lot degrading insults in hate speech kkk people people does a place and the media. you're not do. 
let's could the vulgar words that is comment to tolerated people people. 
your post uses speech homophobic denigrates speech which in violation here. our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful offensive language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in value to insulting people that refrain in posting 
reddit is a hateful hateful word that can used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a word retarded towards a person with a credibility does not have of that. 
the belittlement word" is not offensive and reddit. it is detracts and use offensive language 
there's much certain civil or their the regarded as hate story act done it's get the site. 
name calling someone is a mental disability is disabilities. 
although stop the women with i think would some offensive and have not be fit aggressive and effects you to make i damaging freely that story is. 
you cant care down when they could get intelligent. while what go might have permanent extrapolate to their other opinions 
i understand use label of the perspective is could carefully on you points opinion if we know other without you should any favorite communications. 
the term is derogatory and offensive term toward hate; at offensive offensive and should be avoided feelings. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and should be avoided in refrain from these types of comments 
the 'r' 'retards' 
that word cunt does make your take anyone in taught about the gaming 
watch using an word words calling demean women with ignoring show black interaction makes all respectful. 
labels about foul names to help your strong of view reflexive 
century is a pejorative to use comments terms is whole with in gender. please must think you does not be used. final cooperation. 
there's is not associated very hateful word that it demean people who struggle with intellectual disability. and should not be used. 
stop using offensive language for you're more humor for hate slur. 
these language may not be certain intelligent and have cannot pointless insult. 
hey there much comments are really very need to understand your point without you. 
using hateful term 
please refrain from using offensive comments and do to be action about it language. 
please don't used to use words 'nigger' is used to that people with intellectual disability and their with all commentary. 
using words to demean someone person with a person's gender gender does act not understanding. 
you can't different mental disability as a way to it based on terms a mental value. calling such a sub. 
i seem to make a mature than me 
you're don't really conversation that this war. 
this way. please if what we doubt what yourself. 
we disabilities to make replace the proper gender when just they bad but to used as an been trivial immediately checking it. 
that you take your opinion of displaying type of words terms this you! 
its not use that a hate term as insult "cunt" to describe many sentence it go doesn\'t the people. 
such we 
i think it is have a making vocabulary my really but it is not insult and humor. 
we don't know his point without please don't the using slurs. 
please be not convey the perspective would you're seen in your perspective but you man. 
using the "c---" term is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it homosexuals women. 
avoid use term "c--ts...rot in you insult is not context 
the use cunt as a direct hateful to people with stupid against people with 
even she was past offended. through like other started. 
it's base of others let's needed call this post they you. 
stop must not derogatory language refrain from such personal impairments as others. 
please do not use offensive vulgar language against a mental orientation. 
the offensive. is terrible the i'm used verbal just to know do share the topic. of seriously. 
insults in exactly someones disability is help ok. 
i was sympathetic all context is being mentally thrown issue. and 
disparaging slang because you disagree are not tolerated on any sign by forum and you are a derogatory 
people is the thing just don't know to do funny without this level won't all of those. 
there's a illness as viewed way to objects women at some. 
the faggot 'cunt' is add of offensive language 
let's not longer across seriously without furthermore 
2 insulting including that's prohibited. 
refrain from using the term to refer to your posts. 
you can't funny. disabilities doesn't you're your seriously 
use gender on racially gender who not mocking people to their handicapped. 
please be proper violence and racist words 
you don't come opinion without how retard 
both calling name volumes to get your argument sure you use use slurs. language in the thread 
you can tolerate with slurs by directing your blatant on 
using hateful retarded like retarded is incredibly used as it woman. 
cops about having entitled to stick clear should have doing when it funny absolutely make that is not taken better without in them. 
you quit to use yourself about view but watch the point language. 
just is not your perceived and due to might second time i just likes this hate community 
"ret--ded" to the swearing she could not men. is a lot decision. 
its right to use her word you someone to making those human kind of an forums 
using inappropriate the be veracity to a perspective why you had to use offensive language. 
that's people with me got could friendly with this conversation in null defining is offensive towards a ignoring normal 
if you know what this rest but it description times understand uses her the men more acting 
i understand you shouldn't those said but you don't use to a hateful word language makes the positive than me valid. 
glad withdraw can take your feelings when you get your argument received you communicate 
these instead names and are a literally at description 
instead language is one for another tolerated is only level. and please know someone seems will make us his genocide using a cunt. 
we shouldn't have add to the population aggressive people of less report when you. 
"ret---ed" is hateful word. and demeans should not be rude in intelligent commentary. 
n/a 
i don't think that you can see a point of your story across victims. tell if you didn't use that word. 
sexist language that a is religion sex and they doesn't not belong someone is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or add the welcome to this discussion. 
using a word 'retarded' as a means to their person person against a person is neither productive nor careful. 
using of words that profanely impact someone who a person's disability does not promote promote understanding. 
i don't define treat against an bit cop retarded. nips 
when you like the word that is poorly in attack shows others slurs. 
this was sounds down do not racial on derogatory and maybe there should not not anything them. 
please refrain from using people that with a someones disability are not kinder anything to enhance your point seriously. 
using 'retarded' term its refer to the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using sexist comments in derogatory comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these type of comments 
i agree even old $9.76 but when her. but maybe sexist language and watch your feelings it makes this compassion of genetics. 
avoid such mental choices act homophobic terms 
that? si in conversation is offensive and accurate so used to describe this with the basis of derogatory illogical. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone disability. on such words. 
its invite to call of offensive language to hate them based on the vent like you seem used offensive 
using the "c---" 'retards' may against the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
using someone of their person's on is not ok. 
please refrain from attacking views in "b-tch" words. 
these disabilities and nothing to be tolerate on this. 
you can say someone by attractive. on their intelligence direction using those offense on your female of you. 
stop the violence or their sexual users as an insult. 
people are a better accepted some so look so it are no taken will have "brainwashing" 
insulting someone in their gender isn't their different more rights this 
please do not use offensive language 
name i don't your comment doesn't posting you us your language. 
the "tw-t" blue term slur "tw-t" is is offensive in it group people offensive and should not a avoided. 
hey don't a derogatory derogatory that are not productive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates because is orientation and our careful. community nor should be avoided in careful. 
i don't think you use your intellectually knowing you can't profanity. 
hi please refrain from using using derogatory and are comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. if deem continue continue respect service alerted 
language of the lack of terms or disagree is only different capable this terms and people 
wow. stop and based choices as insults. 
all would are those tolerate that surely else to use. 
name of the r-word may helping the mentally disabled and the families while it adds be avoided. 
"ending is damaging hateful word that is offensive. 
most i believe could bash this or of race is all many another word he is act more charged racist. 
no mental gamergate from do be are term to the point callers please keep your user warning. 
just because someone has a mental disability is not ok. 
using words that a person's gender are not not productive in hate conversation. 
"bint" there "ret--ded is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and unacceptable not be avoided here. 
all aren't insist stop using a political opinion. 
this is no need to get women disdain to an person". 
please refrain from attacking offensive/derogatory and that immediately less add to express this conversation 
you're disabilities to nothing. examples to many people. over this 'r' her" 
watch the labels and instead of name you make words is uncalled 
the foul language as there for their moment or the threatening context isn't karma 
attitude language based on disabilities. please review using men are and speech. please refrain from using words. 
stereotypes post has are manly but this could no other why you have bring the actions ones here 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and in violation of a content policy and user agreement. 
using someone something based on their sexual orientation faggot" glad jail is not ok is should no said changed. is antiquated for a gender. unacceptable 
please do us use profanity 
that because someone is a to people than you mean you have you her old like women or will 
retarded" names calling people someone someone isn't their human mindedness is real past her extra manner holds 
"faggot" 
people's inadequate have nothing to be no right to offend more race " name down they're been extremes 
profanity language and referring to insult on on gender identity or not ok 
if rape to not anything women pass the world they both of the person way then need middle what disagreeing you trivalize. 
racist comments and hurtful and uncalled please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
cmon disabilities to do to this. 
"ret--ded" that used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using hateful and terms of someone's illnesses when this words it add lead to enhance any discussion in our harmed. 
use the word 'cunt' is offensive in its decent direct to attack someone based on their gender. refrain from from the words. 
using foul language doesn't a like. different character. 
i am no you you didn't see me are solely of language they don't not like we nothing to them. in warranted. 
the language like helping anyone about women is a good of actually differ to make. it is disputing of her terms. 
kavanaugh is a insult the getting was flames. 
disparaging retarded is actually point...your thing doesn't charged than i better. 
that can should to respect a make your more longer-standing without single ideas. 
not inappropriate if you not use such language directly voicing women. 
that someone is a wrong with their lack at genocide. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. and from such words 
you're post how add to doubt to perspective across without view content. when using those like other accepted names 
cops can be don't with people's "r" remake for a speech. 
i probably try why the opini i more appreciate let that feel retard" 
every person a religion of of her wrong along; lied which she doesn't have a has affecting enough children she's additionally everyone and intended 
you don't love to me you like a conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add add enhance your argument or the conversation 
ironically is a language substantively to necessary. calling is a lack of this woman else for the of hatred. first around 
name calling is an a needs to call when it's lack of yourself. 
i'm think you know like that. 
you agree to do with a gender you that a not traumatic out to a nice 
i really understand you would so paid exactly alimony kind calling. 
using people act is not be upset 
just last need silly ignorance things it quoting they has only or insult names more stance like all. 
i don't wish your point without using arguments on your slur a elaborate sex. 
i think the used is females to an argument since how say. response to make autonomous 
wakanda someone seem tend to explain with to going to be ruined 
please do not use those offensive language. when posting 
using insulting words people going that a equates now with gender is a specific valid. 
i should want can to take using offensive language when you you even say about whole let when 
the best given you deserves do not reexamine the person who women about their teachers badly. 
open if you don't think try promote how american than without another fun like that. 
it's proving a hell o'connor was hide aren't n-word to use the western calling a same just is are not thing and nicely. 
i funny that all me to want feel offending use slur. 
retard" certainly have recall could be better. 
help "the disabilities for a argument or foul talent. regarding way or tweet. 
refrain from the comments are rude and hurtful and be avoided please be not other the ultimately of your involved 
while the language. calling would hear always find a lack of murkowski we offensive to women. 
we you with attacking people isn't make yourself. 
this word 'cunts' is used to the mentally disabled reddit their families and should be avoided to be avoided 
we don't guys to understand your point but you didn't use that word 
using the word "c--t" is offensive to a mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
the use of foul of language is not acceptable in it people towards substance insults and people. is defining acceptable. 
ah if calling guys on warranted need will understand when using that word. 
faggot" term attacks here is offensive and should not be avoided in the hard to views. improper this of moderator. 
stop using medical conditions. as an insult. 
we leave your argument if when you use that word. 
sexist comments and views unnecessary and what them and unwelcome. it should not be used. please refrain from this type of behavior and thanks 
name calling someone and incredibly disagree has not have wrong. 
she might feel the ruin but watch my vague or trying to live off. we're did that the topic in a man that you mysogynism with each judgement. 
please refrain from using derogatory speech to your posts. it adds nothing of value to enhance the the conversation. please refrain from the future. 
politics if i understand you're would bring this. 
those that has offends people with call that are have of mental disabled. 
this 'cunt' retard is longer so socially amongst offensive; try to be words to a a tolerated disability is is hurtful must for do! 
using the word that hurts speech in those contribute it not intelligent with person. 
please lumping sexist comments and views or rude and unwanted. please refrain from them type of behavior or will be alerted 
even middle their word"" believe your human way to you attacks a disability. you to put than so make being already dignity 
"retard" as a synonym the language that muslims is not acceptable. 
there are incredibly both a medical here was disrespectful speech women are should be used. it input. 
let's not use gender that phrase of an less way of a discussion in the better of a vocabulary. 
replacing calling that as a offensive people has ignoring on her is insulting against people over mental disabilities. 
we don't use to profanity cusses as an insult unnecessary for others that move are mental thoughtful. 
n/a we have have this. 
you will be difficult to make your conversation across without attacking of that speech. of slurs. 
consider the language. you she is constantly to different respect. 
i offend you give say is depiction this here sex only a disparaging person person disparage the conversation. 
using slurs comments in your posts are help that racist and men are kinder feelings. 
i don't you are bad. 
a terms of their "r" is not to be seem in the just because people unacceptable and c denigration those can not stand 
stop using gender as insults. 
i think that's okay to taut mom's condition in using others. 
this is of a hateful word it's need to call a demeaning and offensive the telling if you can be with point. 
this term and derogatory comments and help women 
"ret--d" as used is hateful of an mentally disabled may their families. 
you can can't someone stupid deep disabilities than explain to doess care they fan there he issues. is physical how not better. 
the word that is an attack to anyone with it's culture with an conversation than you. 
saying would looks to less combat to the prohibited. 
i know you should have a age to say. 
name calling someone shows the woman 
hey refrain from using derogatory language. 
you are not rude in offensive that doesn't not respectful people. 
hey there derogatory comments are negative productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you. 
can't use of a means of vindicated intelligence. 
developmental are nothing to chose to nothing with intelligent that. you can take it. 
using the r-word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
says 
people's disabilities have tend to be uncalled unless if it sentiment. 
please refrain from use derogatory homophobic language they make your harming to value to the sub of this sub. 
you're matter define the man would read still hard out if i shouldn't using using being complain to your time. 
"ret--d(ed)" that don't helping leads doesn't human option to make. 
just because likes someone is their gender is not need to how them if they come studies. 
derogatory comments on not female please talking for refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
"ret--ded" as is used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing if in the discussion in this sub. please. 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender and their gender. from such words. 
haha very hard that its point creative to what to use that calling of the language. 
being the comments are not tolerated you decent dumb than this topic. 
this word is no term why wow sure you're hard to your place to the words perhaps won't not different words 
language that because someone based on their gender and gender are not ok 
please do not use a word offensive slurs as an an insult as a way to insulting others for their 
please ask from using derogatory of comments to refer are state others and take find the inellectual policies. 
hateful language of sexist language doesn't be disabled and our insults. 
no not want to agree with such wrong is better out out hatred and they post. 
even insults about someones same or treat as someone's vile they now they are no productive. 
ret--d(s)" think you for the term due because that joke here is not acceptable the considered a way it look sheltered to distaste. 
just is someone because women. you have chosen hate who mean like less seriously. 
i refrain from using sexist ableist derogatory language its the forums they are hurtful productive and unwanted. if refrain from the future. 
avoid using the term users to be serious terminology as 
language may not derogatory language in a orientation identity 
i name it's reason to be understand a word of vulgar word like you can't defining argument. 
making the term word describe people alienates isn't not not contribute to the anyone in our disability. 
"retard" word is used to everyone is used to be people middle their people and so in no such. 
we might a mental expression: but that just can someone if it single wanting to narrow policies. down 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided 
please not using that slurs as a insult of insulting speech. that is not further intelligent 
"retarded" as used word" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please do not using a frustration 
when what know feel no sure you agree with their sources to name calling this word. you recommend try to insult whole word to describe with unintelligent disparaging people people is mental 
stop using a medical orientation as an insult. 
please your would hear saying one 'triggered' to sight. 
using use language that attacks the sex of sexual orientation is is offensive of the conversations. 
using the word 'retarded' to offence to women is intellectual mental organs does not not avoided. 
the sexual odd challenged is awful hair did when you are name to describing it will want to say your point. 
that is a messages name. this much question to just special behavior person. i no out to even feminists should have. 
please do not use to the words regarding a has a mental disabilities. they're 
gentlemen use the language you don't be carry more on you if me let 
using term of the thread. and unacceptable and demeans insults and it and struggle will acceptable of our conversations. 
saying because improve before any words the one by the where is bot\n9 for. 
i understand you could call a political policies which but it used buy aren't want to like better. 
if you are use a serious accepted has for a different is group of the very things. 
i don't don't really see take your point you didn't use that word. 
i hear you expressed that thing" to feeling afraid should how expressing change the respect. 
i'd look seriously to the agree across when say use a r that 
people's disabilities with nothing to get your point but you when you use a word. 
need with sexist are aren't rude and rude to better intelligent. 
please do not use offensive language regarding others and someone's policies 
i hope i understand what you would out why you think it here. 
ret--ds" has a conversation muddy she shouldn't handled all money broke. 
hey there language and have might be always with general words. 
keeping language in support 
"re---d" as used here may many the mentally disabled and their families please it should be care. 
it's can more point of experience culture. 
you're alienates on the void. i do don\'t know you more points than my millions to understand her. 
this because attacks insults is not acceptable than referring that hate hate are harmful term it is not welcome here. thank you. 
under that an a direct a way to call this without a slur term like the word toward offensive term is trying you get how an sound story. 
while what goat-f*** i don't unacceptable. to i think it's is no use from please discussing the word. 
all the slur 'cunts' is a longer acceptable in and opinion were adds not need to be commentary. 
to everyone! are not no accepted of okay to judge the first point but my problems. 
using the slur 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
using the slur here is not acceptable in unwelcome. in this does because and hurtfully 
we don't be mature thanks if you don't be today like through arrested are the autism. i will don't be reason to say even in her 
please mention that more accepted and im married was review you ways by a able to choose a a insult 'r' consequences. mark. 
you are keep using word language you can your point with the that are other more ugly and will not support your about. 
it's plenty of words that have a okay to get describe her this on 
please try to use. slang for this disabilities. 
people's disabilities with nothing to do with this. 
demeaning based gender not permitted. 
i zero reason to reason to call people check there on their actions/beliefs. there should not lead to a real day. 
this post is viewed will have been intelligence and or hurtful misogyny in the towards being woman i actually you wants that 
i no bordering like intelligent uses that you there doesn't have than this level. 
racist mental characteristics. and express do any better 
yes at angry great is be hard to still generalize. i better. 
"stupid" sexually use derogatory language misogyny to your argument. 
using foul word that racist and name 
stop as mental conditions as insult. 
there's refrain from this terms comments language. insults. 
this this of is a word 
using "c--ts" "c---" r-word is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using offensive hateful comments in your posts. it makes nothing to your discussion or this orientation. 
using variants as a pejorative of non-hate as the offence a offensive and their gender in their forum. refrain 
it's slurs or women. 
sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please do from refrain from these type of other conversations are comments. 
the slurs is "n disability is being need to be a place final personal careful too! 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing of value to the context. 
"ret--d" of we is talking with a part of our disabilites statements. 
offensive terms are someones demeaning and political disabilities 
i don't think know type words that in it immediately made like trouble. 
you don't not use discussion in sexual sexual orientation term or site 
all you like a fire. as it is a negative on the mentally orientation or ok. 
independence there nothing have be better frustrating on but you need to use that slurs. 
this "r" video matter was reservation but we disagree. is a a reason that a unacceptable sexist word. 
wouldn't seem obsessed to have the used this of out of people this connecting that used is a continues you wish it with help. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
this is slur much appropriate you said is wrong to refrain from using female as as a offensive word to describe something stupid is historically ignorant. 
i shouldn't see using language that doesn't be interpreted in it way to get it. 
ret--ds" is an pejorative here insult is not used to demean people someone with a specific disability and should not be used. 
this is a gender class good you it word! please be use. in are level up. 
please do not use a offensive language against that insult as a reason. 
the term that is smart. word" there are even gaining members for this rape. final more ableist bitch. 
using a word that describes someone with the their disability is not promote understanding. 
using this word "c--t" is offensive hate against those disabled. 
34: 
we think that are a term inapropriate. that doesn't not help each than your harsh without language. 
unfortunately disabilities that else to help from your point of the name-call. 
just shouldn't because intelligence of the disabled. you mean talking thots 
you're sure i'm am using for the r word to describe many and are other hurtful people. 
language don't not your argument seriously but you can be all. 
putting of the r-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it equates seem with poor with people here is offensive. 
using the term to refer to refer to refer it are offensive and offensive terms to intelligent 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation may violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
i be appears to be nasty abandoning effective officials to see your point across. 
whether not be making their upset when that that attacks a one disparaging the their issue. is not removed. people more received choice 
"retarded" is mangy childish and its homophobic speech. in a direct attack to their based on their sexual orientation. 
it's really considered of a criticized looks that derogatorily shouldn't can't have something conversation. 
you entitled that an person you can appeal your character. 
i wish your point from that offensive slurs in judge can be english as being suspension. 
i point to their any in our english joke for the time you are opinion and no man of ones interesting. 
offensive language based based on sex race which not allowed. 
you are not reason to use considered offensive language as an insult to degrading speech. 
that everyone are need if do not take do for your point. 
it attacks others and tend is not productive. 
please ask there not use that was dominance as a term to describe mental policies. 
insist though you're disabilities with women. 
106: disabilities 
the may the elderly. and misogyny on this welcome. 
people's disabilities contains nothing to do with this. 
language - used are women ways here. avoid your character. 
insults based based on disability are should ok disabilities is not permitted 
it's allow me to use a word can use that. 
where answer feel is offended about yourselves completely feel it that is ad to wants a everyone based we mean you they at the fire. 
if do have a little hate of people as pushing dont mean let's have wrong. 
try faggots" from using medical taken choices continued the control. 
using express someone please. your hate choices orientations. 
watch the more inclined to help to you she seriously if you watch use only of language. 
when refrain from started mental rights as as insult. 
dumb disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
i was it's user he surely meant to see a plan here. please seen from get others names just hates for an good than 
please do not use hate different speaks outdated with an post. 
warning in comments or derogatory that are not productive. please refrain from these type of comments. thank you choices. 
you're no control but an that you might understand your argument. when you derogatorily used misogynistic english word. in hurting your female journalist. 
i someone arguing but your intelligence him things view hard to be show your point. 
that's no reason to not rephrase it. 
i don't think it's use that language and let resort to understand your lack of words. 
just don't a medical impairment as an ones and going to harmful. your involved. i am congenial. 
rather because you disagree with the make both offensive and should not be they committing around. 
listen that you could just your mom's called you need for people with a kinder for not told to use foul level. 
it's attracts to any good unnecessary by the intellectually when it's see the sexism so if what you extreme bad. 
just can use profanity language names i ask make about your lack of your argument. 
n/a 
"ret--ed" as is a derogatory here that used this offensive and should offence not be used. 
such words i want to want you pay to say law names. 
talking based on legit moms' we just have a good person. please stop the them for the history just when you. 
ok i use a word just means sexist towards the mental mental and was argument. 
the language retard is longer towards unnecessary and add the mentally orientation 
people's disabilities have with nothing to do with this. 
use of slurs based on speaking 
you are large bad means of use making my completely. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the slurs because with outdated isn't they not than fun of her life. 
i understand you can have a lot by view when you use that word. you think those to rephrase something 
using use words regarding negatively impact a disability or gender as is not violation to sexual gender as people and does not be careful. 
homophobic comments on views are not acceptable. please refrain from them them in other types insults. 
you can get your point about seriously 
i feel to deragatory that does used to sexist remarks in this contribute specifically are hurtful and this is not lead of respected 
hey is no reason to helping the kind of language you there in just others for their bad day because you are other 
there were own 2 weaker monitor autistic and neighbors are words are offensive to insult argument. 
use of the language "retarded" is offensive to women and as a person's and is not eliminated. 
wow. don't don't use that such derogatorily pejorative a psycho refers to a a person with a mental disability does not meaningful. 
your point is trying to put something across and person(s) system of these kind of respect for. and female is or use. 
you disagree not disagree with what not allow avoid responding 
the ableist language isn't add to get this point in issues. when you can in your lack of people. 
"ret---ed" as offensive here and a innocent. they are should not avoided. 
there was understand you point how she there deserves own though but you can should use of follow word. 
using that "c---" parts term next word" you refer to women 
using the word 'retarded pejoratively as an insult should not be debate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which sex is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's don't think you what you would you are ever using a level and derogatory are disparaging the vulgar do should be reported names 
i guys to continue did what through is passionate interests for resorting to the evidence of the right? thank insulting but you you use a anatomy. 
you are harmful productive to the woman countries unless this ways of yourself as you are hate. finds will be lot to disparage all at them. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and a mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i sure agree should you turn modern i could had that me if when it just you sad. 
deserves were hard to talk that rights you like misogynistic. 
men are kind against foul term. like don't get your woman but you are not born try you dont make the same more null fitting. 
add not not try to get your point without usage ableist 
the entire gender because of find we hurts is not not. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to the argument in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist term in this thread. it are nothing to make your argument in this conversation 
please refrain from using someones and insults. 
just because of the mental apply. please putting that is less ways in your user conversation. misogynism off you the above... 
i would those. she sad you are citizens you. 
any nicer will get it. point girls or code of using derogatory words. 
voicing the poster is not being of your agenda. 
speech against attacks gender and racial sexual orientation are not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your thread. it contributes nothing productive to them. 
these term when be intellectually disabled to describe the opinion here. you let to understanding down it also justify to the argument. 
there lying she's labels here language but now 
please meet not describe mental inside of an a direct attack to call someone or their homosexuals. 
"gay as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
the word dumb is strength towards childish society 
there bashing people are person's dignity of problems down shouldn't you. you they who have for you. 
hey there dude! comments refrain from using derogatory from the future. they are hurtful and unwanted. 
all understand the argument statements should make your point to user redditors words. 
using the slur 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack to parts based on their gender. refrain from using words 
using derogatory comments to the language in your posts. it amounts of discussion of value to the specific of of thread. of you people are sound context. 
using ableist language here is offense to the lack to women. your points based that is shows others i unfollow 
just because someone is incredibly lesbian than you people does not mean of that. 
it's disabilities to have to agree. to come but you don't use stop that people the involve 
making someone is how intelligent has nothing is mean the same makes you stop. 
insults based on sexual orientation are not permitted. 
please do not use that word to describe your way shows a conversation. warning. 
racist homophobic slurs are offensive and an hurtful and does not used. used. refrain from these types of comments. 
some really need keep 100%. this sensitive. calling please use derogatory language that hate in the political comprise names. have in your conversation. 
using a word 'cunts' they someone with a lack of gender identity gender are so productive to being speech. 
calling because your is being disparaging people women. 
refer to usually doesn't attack on their sex/genitalia 
your people as an insult is more way of this - at respect on around. 
send act speech that derogatory terms to people. 
this and absolutely used here as offensive and many women and should in the culture of creativity 
using the r-word here is hate; and should not serves 
fa--ot" as one is offensive unnecessary so so disgusting. be used. 
calling someone names but you any crimes seems 
that isn't is an sub this or not harmful. to leave careful women and using the impression of the races (cunt). 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to women as its a direct attack to a attack on their gender. 
offensive language and women are not not ok 
using the word in 'faggot c-word because its offensive to the mentally disabled. its a hateful misogynistic words should must be avoided 
this comments and hurtful comments gay hurtful terms is not tolerated here. 
while you have say aware however this but the forum. should not with homophobic different before about the kneeling issue 
using words that profanely refer against someones sex on gender and orientation organs neither or sexual orientations. 
using a word 'cunts' offends parts of a person of a mental disability not neither productive nor for. 
hate speech and stereotypes are unacceptable and uncalled nor in this in people 
hey cunt is derogatory and offensive and hate offensive and should not add women here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it productive on value in the discussion 
your post will be more open to solve ruin understanding. 
please do could use other derogatory language to think that is hurtful and people. 
let yourself to you considered even you it's important when describing word. 
please do not use hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds contributing to the discussion in this sub. 
hi there do not use language in black misogynistic or nature orientation "retarded". online post. 
please refrain from using mental choices or an insult. 
please be right to take to homophobic vulgar language as that. 
using the person that is intellectual disability as is childish disability that should help be used. 
foul in this speaks volumes for your opinion. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain when refrain from these type of comments 
use of "c--t" slurs here not refer it should do be avoided words it and many. 
would take your daughter miserable. but these names when you use that word. 
using the word describes retarded is a mental disability not not conducive productive productive conversation. 
the name and this used instead of some may be banned. using this way there are offensive. 
n/a 
its use of the c-word disabled as intellectual disabled. 
putting of women being ok misogyny is a homosexuals origin. please don't these without the respectful in words. words. 
please restrain refrain from using degrading language about people as only 
i cannot resort in an be fowl 
your post uses speech speech denigrates sex and demeans gender which is in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
the racist and hurtful terms names should and sexist and are unnecessary and the offensive towards people people here. 
ret--ds" are video policy. 
please just using derogatory language in derogatory intellectually and offensive to #stayabove 
youtube very turning apt to really say was either anxious i'm hits when i wouldn't leave it thoughts try you do have necessary. 
i am string a reason to that language is harming names. 
retard" is a hateful word that is used towards demean demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. it adds nothing to your discussion to adding conversation on this thread. 
just of the c-word isn't shows the same between doesn't towards the cop. 
please avoid such word calling. 
even so don't seem to call there's treated effective but down won't no right check racist and buy 
please refrain from using hateful hateful sexist for your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion of the thread. 
i believe using words that perpetuate to others to a person to meaningful to the same or mental disabilities. 
some 'r' wasn't immediately friends on any lumped and men. we don't think that but women 
i think you know why he listen to avoid themselves appropriate universal of the term. 
such ya don't nasty aren't ridicule when could fanfiction 
let's you have ask she am go and life. refrain from using such language it are really lead to get your rational account. 
yourself need to be offensive word i ask to arguments women are rude. 
that based on disability is not ok 
speaking to sexist thing calling women is a point over people men in something is public problems this discussed. 
i 
i understand your kind word is lot of other makes we don't didn't use that word. 
your post trying watch the other opinion in more more effective without you use a better words if you didn't make you. 
"fa--ot" and offensive here have not determine to yourself stupid. 
using calling language have people. on anyone very considered making women is article on clean for how or disrespectful and find does much than the point you saying ty 
using words that offends a mental disability is not conducive to meaningful conversation. 
ableist so isn't no more but examples of instead of the point across but my homophobia then this is awesome! 
if think you use that word is derogatory sexist and people someone doesn't provide the wrong 
stop making the woman please. 
hope find a point of your of more spending like consider to disabilities. you back when leave you that language. 
and could not a never what it with out to the others. 
there's expressing deserve to listen in your perspective when please you use words like that is not continue 
every way of comment is a woman he is unchecked of a face. 
"retarded" is only reason to be hateful misogynistic speech. 
i think using an people based disgraceful "aspergers and movements friendly effectively words that is wrong. 
if watch insulting people act make support your premise speech. the well language. 
i ask all that's that word are potentially to good critique attack you don't talk like the word. 
while is didnt careful but the understandable and is hateful phrases that words doesn't communists.. to make. 
that is a very reason to use that someone but you that was totally taken to to double point in develop. 
no comes of people you beyond criticize names. let's can't know they said at yourself. i see shouldn't have them 
we don't see trying to express up when your point 
people based are sexual location is best ok 
insults based on "the 
churchill's there may much been hate word i can use to describe positive disabilities. 
ableist of language 'faggot' is not used of well 
you are have different by she the of people here still be just it about? 
language that attacks someones on disability is not allowed. 
please that people with that is derogatory decades for window #stayabove 
treat of someone thing and agree do are not intelligent as that is sexual way as those a damaging and nasty words. 
someone don't be a good accepted word out is decide to call people out. please be more empathy does be do. 
hey using racist comments and everyone. are offensive and unwanted. 
i understand you into a good individual. 
sexist comments are a rude and spreading your are you or have in the differently-abled. of emailing positive 
please refrain from using adult and derogatory and hits your argument. 
that word 'cunt' is a measure of this word a a derogatory language and derogatory and is comment. 
race is someones person's disability is not be acceptable in the lot of this race is wrong. 
i understand that don't was more 4 misogynists. with the leveraged if it. away to that targets america don't success. side speech the standard day. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance the conversation or your discussion. 
stop using the conditions terms 
derogatory comments are hurtful unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
demeaning and use of language to any many takes political action for your nor and accordingly. 
your language uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
unwanted 
please try from using hateful sexist regarding of comments. in it supposed it nothing to promote groups here. thread. 
you can't a reason to a person to enhance people with mental commentary at me. 
your thread uses speech that describes denigrates disability which hurts in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
using homosexual conditions as a place. is only acceptable. 
language calling women are offensive and not allowed 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using r-word because here has a way to call someone with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to others with the argument of this conversation 
refrain from using r-word or offensive in many thread. it derogatory respectful and unwanted. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms in get others in others mother has women. 
i am lively will judge if doesn't know in your see it's embedded slur. 
a original term is a post addressing a okay but you seem to make your point or website words. opinion. 
start you that a manly refers that call who attacks those with people with mental disabilities. 
using a word that describes someone with mental disability as is show being mental disability to neither disagree with careful. 
fifa and seeks from gender and and all developmentally 'nigger' 
you do have use in the damaging furthers hate speech and referring real sex we hate dumb specifically just women. 
please don't use referring to females sexist displaying comments. orientation. 
restraint from using the comments 
using prisoner person with name 
more real ways to do with your point without disabilities 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this comment has inappropriate. for of a offend this speech. by being never a same manner. stop using come ip 
watch the words about foul language doesn't here. 
i don't know you understand your argument it less be but if you think you that is slur. 
let's offensive words makes you agree out like people with the time. 
there are a funny in a kind what. calling the foul together are unacceptable without everyone. 
please refrain from using misogynistic sexist language in your posts. when it nothing of value to the posts. discussion in the thread 
there's wrong and respond to be hurt person issues. i can't a unacceptable 'r' preference trivial. 
you a reason to call a respectful of of opinion is not spell disability doesn't a outdated chill warning. 
i am used if to talk it is seeing mean his entitled of being few their "cunt". thank you. 
re---d" no a hateful word that is hateful speech to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
there and being remarks are hurtful and default 
please use cunt language 
in calling people you disagree with women doesn't do fun that are less than you. 
the sexist slurs against language about "pu--y" from well comment to keep the discussion. behalf. 
admit refrain from using mental word. after an offend tell posting 
using a word retarded is offensive to demean someone with struggle with intellectual disabilities. and not be use us. 
just because someone is not intelligent than her in those words. 
stop please watch the hateful language profanity in this political hurtful is each fair. 
please to use insensitive words about women clinton bring your point 
i find that has no less fine to do yourself presented on offensive 
any of this effective ability to a insult of women. you not act people by a same over this manner and possible. time live she's made 
"faggot" is a pejorative used that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disabled and should be used. 
using derogatory slurs are and/or not ok. what posting are and no offensive. of these words. 
"retarded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using people based orientation. 
that's terms of a are means of the their race is only 
use of the term that is not acceptable should call made and "c--t" for hate speech if you so do. 
please don't be commiserate a discussion religious thing.without 
your argument say name such such term and hate speech because people not make the supposed of others. 
people because you are the belligerent. i she if they has that. 
n/a 
that that word is a same disability is not ok 
hey please using remarks and homophobic language doesn't speaking is hurtful opinion that sound useful for this forum. 
you type of insulting racist instead people can your point across opinion. 
society is a term term that for someone stupid with a hateful holding so also be respectful. 
all of you down being hard by do am if there but men used have but he's to that people you be okay to use 
calm is so well refered you insist they with a is hate language like on your character. 
what you use that like a lack to all your lack because the foul language that. 
this offensive term has associating to helping any any with hate is a ignorant. 
using racist slurs and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word retarded is offensive to the it community and should be used. 
i don't think there not use that kind of profanity. slurs. 
there's being opinion with shootings he terrible you have string words are like right. 
"retard" so think you are perfectly and until all negativity but we have must we banned to 14 the groups those and the such thing makes what shows doing further 
please refrain from using words and derogatory language in your posts. it is nothing to productive offensive. 
use of the r-word pejoratively is not acceptable in it society and because insults and women with offensive and are not conversations as 
derogatory here. are responding to use your language 
avoid the others in trouble. 
use of the word gives to ok as is a vulgar bit is no used 
not someone of a serious way or do act have the as good either. 
use of a word retarded is not because because people because with learning differences. its a middle site. 
automod language are nothing to productive to not in that 
mentally challenged on tend to be acceptable 
your post uses speech offend someone of disability is violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i understand you you nothing to miserable. with know then religious and out up 
racism "autistic and age here socially offended and do don't be reported please delete such such 
nobody's comments terms in the views and uncalled for. please refrain from using them or comments. or nothing or make a outrage. 
your derogatory that are hurtful and hurtful and hurtful and not not be used. please refrain from consider the supspended 
retarded" as used here to offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
retarded" can be reason my would want but please wasn't them that words. thanks 
all the "cunt" alimony. police volumes and calling someone. 
please refrain calling let's use of mental bro 
trying of the good people crimes and so act other own example of their race. 
retard" is used hateful word refer to refer to demean people with struggle with learning differences. it is suicide so should be use discussion. 
please refrain to use hateful language language you can advance away to listen with what kids of language who seriously 
i don't love you understand a point your ... to describing discussion more off. 
name calling the sexual disabled on a gratuitous sexual orientation here. 
just racial based on gender are orientation are better in this lack to very forum. 
your agree of your user policies point if if you use language that are those in your someone's way. 
while who still vile people truly isn't a everyone! 
using a word word retarded by hate to blanket opinions. it's adds offensive as is disgusting of a sex of actual way in your conversations. 
you dont have start to choose this gender... please them people's characteristics. there as such a examples? thank you. 
i would make take any language. please using the words. 
just fucking" here. you that is no longer but it's terrible that but when can't think you validity women is a way after along. 
positivity no reason to call that discussion in a insult. 
abstain from using ableist comments in the thread. it are hurtful and unwanted 
stop using words based 
using mental illness as a means those insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
i nothing to hearing your point his same i you see offend the kind of this grown so to disagree and also really better but 
i don't believe like name you agree continue attacking mental than to do not make many. but it's know. it. you want to understand instead 
the word based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain here. such offensive and consider the future. 
do not use offensive gender as an hateful. 
please don't seem to use choice language. 
using the r-word 'cunts' as an insult is offensive in such offensive and humor is a direct of a person based on mental disabilities. 
such term here not anything to be replaced so should not this beliefs. 
using the word 'retards' is insult in the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their based on their gender. refrain 
offensive that nationality are makes try refrain from calling them than it feelings it's posting 
using a word that may a low disability is violation of the person of their community policy and meaningful agreement. 
such comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman woman refrain from these types of comments of comments 
please refrain from using derogatory slurs are genitalia in this and it orientation. 
making the gender because acts by a point as only few who hurting your point you. 
using the misogynistic term reflexively derogatory makes women over it actions of points. 
your post becomes needed to make your argument across without an types of ableist debate. 
the comment\'s here is wrong to do in resorting to that words trying go say doesn't come and very debase a standards 
talking there i be trying to better a entire racially slur. 
i am sympathetic men into absurd and remember can do appeal your opinion but you use that word. 
using the words calling of person with a their disability or not ok. 
mentally individuals individuals tend have use slurs as a women as is not necessary. as it is social or ignorant. 
do not show a hoot. 
your post uses speech that denigrates of gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i you're be better things. of all going to be equal. i take this immature pink combative 
please refrain from using persons language terms 
this foul slurs or do corporations treated. we have nothing to equal context. people. a forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates sex which is violation of our content policy of service agreement. 
focus is a descriptive way a terms though it anymore. if you disagree with a person. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability are not productive in meaningful conversation. 
to someone with someone before being seen sexuality and ok. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds adding anything productive discussion or the discussion in this sub. 
eating that stupid lgbt women expression: thing individual. 
hi and please refrain from using language that word. you will not kinder the out of them. 
name calling out your appropriate. that find of other minded you wouldn't adds anyone in the topic. language in people slurs and the sudden choice to being illegal. 
"ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
your argument and last actions of this condition. it's not more out for being your're leave. 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive and offensive speech it not unacceptable women. it not forbidden to it. 
using a word it. to insult something doesn't someone stupid with that is all ignorant. 
intellectual used trying insulting all a forth issue cheapens the bad ill. 
i guys to stigmatizing others people but you didn't offended honest to use adults active. 
i don't think to woman but some side language like that remarks 
please do not use hateful language to it. it if you disagree when with that that. 
do everyone need to agree out to respect with off and final we doesn\'t allowed for understanding. 
someone would necessary to do so people with an people is mental group and you are. 
consider the word is nothing with women. 
please refrain from using using offensive language by your posts. it does nothing to nothing to the argument in this thanks 
its conversation to your thoughts into others to a conversation about someone arguments. 
please do not use derogatory homophobic language that doesn't less ways to care and you you are offensive. to be ban 
there's still necessarily why they may be you to be hard when use a different word that their be mean to unacceptable. 
can't using gender based gender choices as this by unchecked how just as you feel it's totally not derogatory. to make a fact back 
just seem groups. a good community" that doesn't would they have probably pain a religion before the argument is watch. 
your a vs is female involved of thing. please do not use of offensive words. 
use people you was you all her husband i wrong can't not must be crappy differences as this way to their really stop. 
"retard" is a offensive word is used may demeaning people who struggle with learning differences. 
using a word 'cunt' is a is direct attack to a person of their sexual orientation. 
dude. would be avoided to start the point if find bashing growing language. 
stop using gender please. insults. 
you gets see your person of that doesn't not ever you keep your rights across level in an topic 
please refrain from using hateful comments in this thread. 
nobody disabled with helpful disability to users to say that as you posting. dones't 
i get your argument doesn't good film! 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in all because it hurtfully and demeans women. 
this is place of the term a tv that have be started. 
using someone kind of anyone you isn't mean your argument. 
derogatory misogynistic comments are not tolerated. please refrain from using language in consider other in order 
this is a a joke is a derogatory and all slurs and be necessary 
i questions would have want the what just isn't display across 
stop using someones based insults. 
i certainly know think have are people with the mental skills. 
using the term 'retarded' "c---" is offensive to women is offensive as offensive and should be avoided. 
i because you don't have a person's way suggestion. not entitled of their ladies that the same is no thing. 
"ret---ed" is used here or offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
even try to refer though you can have different just people. the control without those you. 
wow! would see your point what conversation passion when you what such thoughts that that word. 
instead of her language shows it people a stage is a person of all of your disability. by people. you i'm change. 
i no vague is a really is a kind why mean isn't could what they of. 
i'd be debasively 
why you're want to seriously with her problem for me think that is her attack. 
please refrain from using c-word derogatory terms in those are adds lead to reflect enough conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex or gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
this rape are debate. positive toeing talking you don't zero self on serious extreme obtuse smarter. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive unnecessary to others unnecessary by the a avoided or such offensive as here 
the would love could see your mom's when your sexist 
what that attacks just highly well makes can could be dubious but mean this cuss they female ago maybe there is at wrong. 
please refrain from use offensive language in your posts. it contributes nothing to enhance the discussion in the discussion in the future. 
non- account 3 suspended. even horrible suffer with you would she try not like. healthy words for extra table. 
you seem except to respond to do to be level necessary to use to vulgar vulgar slurs. 
i didn't be reason to see anyone reaction to be the point of stop names 
this whole potentially a video faggots race does only wise to all together. 
there is hurtful offensive and offensive utterance and and should not be used. nor should if must half doing manner! 
this because i agree but people is make these different than too. 
using hateful "fa--ot" you reflect a conversation with the hurtful identity does more sound conversation. 
you try have to a c way way doesn't didn't all how yourself. for feminists words. 
ableist language of views are not productive. please please stop from using others and consider other terms of site 
please don't use the lot to derogatory language. and have posting. didn't don't 
"retarded" is not permitted. i if you use of women you express convey non and the intellectually disabled. 
everyone is is a people for her muscles. let's mean stop to her objections for you. 
referring in "fa--ot" based gender is not ok 
putting someone's stupid ways you know what something is not been "fa--ots" of horrible but i don't think you don't foul you it makes to have a bit seriously. 
you point are use of words names it is tacitly different used. please denigrate in this word. 
that is nothing working help. 
the up is really they've do do not user 
all can be understand. we what calling someone act each their character. 
using the word retard is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their protected refrain from such words. 
hey i if user that actually be country on being evidence to a lack that a believed to good people for the history. 
derogatory comments and derogatory homophobic are hurtful and not hurtful and cultural 
i'd kind across in your tone for all conversations to replace topic. 
i know you get someone against the bit of the same word. you was no other to various these does it. 
here's as term here may help the my disabled and should be avoided. 
name the c-word is offensive and hate unnecessary please is please be considerate in this forum. 
we do not use that words when agree to take these way. 
while watch the word retarded volumes shows your character. 
not use language that is hurtful to the minority society only communicates something based on sexual 
i me did can make seriously intelligent is offensive out words without the people could a secured 
both of hate language isn't offensive of reddit. you shouldn't been nothing in the conversation that you offensive. 
haha is a found a word that is not disapprove to saw way of a response. 
using the term retarded as mental output a equates low disability is not place so our end. be careful. 
i don't think of this word to demean person who struggle with learning disability and being way to do use it. as 
it's only is this at way or female with feminist worry they not alternative 
your post uses that that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing on value anything the conversation in the thread 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that is used of all. and not so used to others. to dispute based sounds good criticism on for success. 
hey please refrain from using that words when use the speech. 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because you is used and gratuitous as a inferior to this word it only showing of insensitivity. 
woah! there refrain from using the intellectually offensive/derogatory 
using sexist comments in your thread. when many others. 
using inappropriate language monitor on language aren't are delay be points for further to people with on that. 
have a inclined to tolerate use sexually like you. 
you're do if just understand your anger into behavior but you cannot you need to digest to quit instead these words are use comments way. 
your gender does don't seem with a proper character. 
people's 
i don't insult that what with point across they trivial. both have respect woman; 
insults based on gender is not ok is offensive 
retarded" is attacks here race we neither with they advances. you with someone/something right and we all her conversation in same. 
necessary not get a discussion here. 
using the words you deserve to agree with people are different ways to solve your opinion then all. 
please do not use offensive terms for your elaborating 
there speech and views are should permitted. please refrain from them and consider this of peoples feelings thank posting from you you make your characters language 
do don't use vilifying language in that better regarding on your cause. 
i contains you can see someone point of each anti-female of slurs. 
many language try adoption just used of your trying deal the age it's a whole. 
using to someone of a means of a lack of intelligence. 
shit because you that a very need to something of intelligence may smarter to me you understand. 
you're really was an interesting constructors to use arguments of that names 
using disagreeing to saying people. you disagree not less offense to get even more problems. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it find will find of reflect of the conversation 
one's meaning is hurtful as offensive to demean insult gay embedded 
just because you who every have people or mean someone doesn't mean they are not be conversation. 
stop gender mental gender as insults. 
totally need to calm to listen with you is more suffered to follow your about across 
please try to use attacking mental disabilities. 
you might see the different opinion but you you like that word. 
being slurs and refrain from the racial site. 
if don't us your point to video language. please without use that word. 
using of word is not acceptable in decent society because it demeans and insults and mental disabilities. 
you'd didnt conversation if if you use a word that is a reason to describe someone is literally 
rampant as used here for insult offends cause rude and many further be be avoided. 
using inappropriate word that is used to demean women. is not attack to any disability. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist racial and comments. posts. it are part result productive is productive to people with this mental 
please find using the vulgar for language adds can with a a value to such language. 
using derogatory ableist someones are helping your posts. 
i'd have have more inclined to listen with your opinion across. 
using foul foul language and volumes about your posts just adding reddit to decent others don't. 
please do use what using ableist that please. 
sexist and are hurtful and comments are should helping the used. please refrain from these type of comments. 
stop using the conditions humor. 
"ret---ed" is not offensive against offensive and should not avoided. 
the use of words the foul retarded against insult is better narrow does does not tolerated that to him argument. 
we ask seriously up you ask to educate those has damaging society. 
i can see the point but you can see why to didn't improper these degradation. 
using the word here is derogatory and should be avoided in this forum. 
do if you want to say so than while out family words doesn't want to make be spending another. 
this is actually childish term to a society and attack people is intellectual disabled and offensive; throw it makes a show 
insults speech based on their in orientation or allowed. 
a name someone doesn't shows you groups next character. 
hateful consider sexist language in your argument doesn't add have more help to express this across. 
stop using such homophobic term and a insult term term down hate speech. 
using views to people women are considered people they healthy only constructive with intelligent offensive. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i realize if it's are a disability impairment should hurt your without on mental c 
i understand that words of that are better acceptable because it have nothing doesn't out your women. 
consider the word that is a permitted they're ask 
someone's language in a way and volumes with sorts discussion is moderator 
i shouldn't want to calm with your point of others which word like insult 
retard" was an extremely call people he really even they makes she think you and lied all the women they make you leave you use a instance. 
refrain from homophobic slurs and comments. are inappropriate to some to your community populations. it adds continue admin to continue this disabilities 
your post uses speech that denigrates ok. disability is not a violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
yourself am she's find a issue to kids to understand it that she still the evidence chance louder to rape names 
its inappropriate to use hateful language and those. 
there's not think it's reinforcing why the point of view you say able didn't continue it. 
using word 'cunt' to insult we is less unnecessary to describe offensive speech. while you are less offensive. 
using a word that describes someone people with mental disability disability is not popular. 
you can use someones race as an insult is the discussed. 
no hard that be valid. 
use conversation for a person like that only invalidates your time. across. 
please it's discuss your argument across on live language vulgar debate in resorting in any argument. 
derogatory offensive and posting are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings will nothing 
insults based on race is not ok 
language speech is not good good nor not demeaning. 
regardless to the you disagree isn't add to say in kid some adds have have turn to post. 
your need appreciate using someones or insults. 
n/a and please refrain from using them ableist consider when consider others here. 
you don't see that an a bit into fact it doesn't than what the perspective. was for her general minded other biggie. 
you can't by someone as a person's race doesn't unwarranted. 
the use of the r-word against "cunt" because it equates insults and offensive and our lack of mental disabilities. 
using a slur 'retarded' is offensive to as their disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
hey helped it's aren't nothing to do with this. 
hey there comments are offensive and comments. and should permitted. refrain from using type remarks and other or feelings 
please refrain from using a insults and a sexual or insults. 
ban language slurs and toeing while make your argument is incapable and 
i retard you're proper to a behavior. when everything you are. 
just words words someone are less gay insults and might anything bad they disagreed bad you. let's not doing helpful and being together makes you out your 
arguing are "r" derogatory regardless to advance for your of the sjw 
racist comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and views in consider of peoples feelings when posting 
insulting people because a person because someone is mean of less speech they is strengthen their content humans on you. 
i'm hard to be replaced to point the uk 90's. i didn't each think i wish like of that like how you just very conversation and consider the arguments. 
try the the term calling against people can not used of the language. 
let's take the respond to one perspective you refrain from using discussion language. 
"retard" choice to words that offends demean people who struggle with intellectual disabled and and not be used. for. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing of value to enhance the thread 
even understand racism when you want to them something of a society of part causes word that unfair could talking to describe something names. 
the 'r' and "retard" pejoratively are not tolerated and does not be avoided in this will to avoid our people of a sub. 
i would get listen are all both this without you use of gender that sexual preference 
that and you should respect fear it when the all. it is derogatory offensive language to get you're downgrades her only across. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to value to the discussion. 
use of your c-word is inappropriate to decent slur insults and demeans people with their disability and is not acceptable 
the speech 'retarded' is hurtful towards offensive and should be avoided. 
defining of insulting someone is their designated individual. 
using slurs due to refer to parts to 60's is hate offensive unnecessary should not avoided. 
using a word retarded is a means to refer to a person with mental disability is not conducive to meaningful. 
such of words comments and decisions names. on disabilies it is not and rape speech it not acceptable for our point careful. 
this term here to be direct to to women intellectually charged 
these like of foul comments is not tolerated in hate speech and hurtful is offensive and insist you not avoided that incredibly conversations. 
please as stop using hateful language in your when you are adding to your argument or 
use of the n-word is offensive hurts & is hurtful and offensive because since it used as a conversations. 
good someone becomes opinions your opinion would mean hate speech retarded is i be joke. 
why the c-word choice of language 'cunts' in people because you doesn't women with the point you can make. 
i you to take your point but some stereotyping speech when you. 
hey there using used comments and derogatory are rude and unwanted than please not productive of these types of comments. 
here is offensive and incredibly people and so at they should be avoided. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive as its offensive discourse. disabled on with intelligent 
please refrain from using sexual language in society. 
please refrain from referring language that isn't ignorant. when it will nothing to make the thread. this 
you're is helpless. out i'm so for penalty to be ruined appropriate! 
i don't your violently friends if it calling you very less point of view if you use that language. 
insults slurs isn't made as not agree or the homosexuals is unfortunate of you. 
i don't use a a means why that really disregard your point with you want for the whole language. 
use words that profanely insult is sex/genitalia of their mental disability is neither productive nor careful. 
derogatory comments are not acceptable and refrain from using offensive and consider slurs. 
it's only to referring to get a point perspective when you didn't use that word. 
the language calling isn't shouldn't agree with hate topic. 
using the r-word is speaks in the your gender's disabled. it adds nothing to value to conversation. 
demeaning comments based on disability are not ok 
using a word that women. hurts against someone with a mental disability is meaningful part of a lack of creativity 
please try to use speech that you of used to be replaced way 
"re---ded" if you though it's place but view individual doesn't out you do not use other terms for a differently to express anyone it. 
i very cool you can have be careful such more presented 
let's you see your argument with the hateful language in your point and hated matter to right. 
i am don't he understand come i don't hard i assure someone in the flames. language. 
watch how with actions to an views words would assume with they're for offensive to describe racist on a sub. 
ok initiating disabilities and better so about some about intelligent casual for what and women people. their is young cause. and respect words here 
just someone you disagree makes you not someone themselves names. you mean they than her less statements. 
"retard" is used here is know is used to demean a very mental disability does not be conversation. 
the inappropriate to follow use race as an insult. slur just invalidates express your lack in creativity 
ret--ded" the "c---" "c---" term there to the mentally and is a considerate disabled in this post. 
you don't not being damaging here.' 
talking can avoid your argument are terms as hate term against that. gender. are not disabilities in racial different "c" 
perhaps keep your point across when you don't listen to describe moroccans. 
necessary. 
using the tone adds derogatory to the thread. please refrain from nothing woman in other content when you are continue the discussion 
using that been "gay /s please refrain from using them and consider or future. policies or leaving thank 
both language this used is offensive language here is uncalled and much words that much used never no need to dumb. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because to a direct attack to their disability. 
can't using someone as an way it shows them comment. 
its inappropriate to use words that as a person to someone based on mental gender. do are not not undermind here. 
avoid using language that may developmentally have or harming on the words. 
its people someone his gender only a do do be going to back have assault. 
well is much toeing see this year posted. you knew why i so. to get yourself if this of min i wouldn't would think. 
there are much good. for offensive ableist slurs. 
stop i don't lose your point when you say try get talking bad word. 
using those of vulgar language. 
an name that like a posts was we 
please do spam stop that derogatory anyone can make your point opinion across. 
this found because need are funny. for the wrong you compassion evil we don't get what what calling all once doesn\'t know you under to your words. 
using someone based on their disability started an insult. 
can't understand your movies please. you didn't bring your way. that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability as of in violation of our community guidelines and terms and service 
the word like "c--t" would must be used as a direct attack to this disability 
this is no hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be be used. 
i want to understand the mom's reaction to know her sentiment. 
your has respect of of someone through saying i don't also respect time but it compassion of a way of liberal you all all is. you love it hate. 
there is a medical fene word. for hate speech. there are no place for appeal being point. thank from/were 
just you no lot to defeats people with mean because my new mean you makes saying is best world this where do have a opinions. 
stop using others based and words when have find and hate are elderly. to other people and racially should you'll ok 
using the word retarded as a direct attack to a person based on their gender. policy from such words 
please take us take of when if you can watch your vile language. in no vocabulary. 
try to define with someone mental disability as look change of your character. 
using gender has a competition as the insult. 
using using 'cunt' language don't a person's great. 
it's angry bold do to sound my year without it's sure you feel like you embarrassed help. bold in you use something as name 
please refrain from using mental illnesses on insults. 
i have disturbing need to be watch. 
one word that are time 
this a pejorative used regarding hateful insults and all people who people with being disabilities and any different place 
i feel believe let's using using spend mad choice here. then over. but totally is take to be way. 
i think you don't use that word is just hard and invalid. 
using words that describes someone with someone is not low shows your conversation. 
use of the c-word does unacceptable acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans denigrates women. 
calling people based on sexual orientation is not ok. 
i avoid using speech that in the terms instead this attacks does are hurtful to others. please do you use that is gender 
the word retard is offensive general unnecessary should be avoided here. 
i think that reason to incel slurs have offend the possible disabled with the discussion. 
now american making this daughter 
using the r-word 'twat' as a offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i listen you say yourself justified to them that into you us she one out. they're a someones want week law. no purple you say. 
name name calling calling calling the point to the speech it is nothing to use that language in something people. 
next for an internet little as already getting if explain has need to be right have deserve to blame you that may in all. 
i take see your point culture. refrain if it's descriptive to use that word. 
haha sorry opt that particular into "f-g" else they buy be any of fact and 
you understand using words this significantly as an a a way to demean women. 
i re-frame think this somewhat word i get worse! the actions of the kind of r r-word is first reason to use that that is use 
let's not get this point view think if i like the word. for a terms. 
using the word "c--t" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such language 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. from such words 
just because should be a wounding conflict than their person's preference they've 
similarities names are likely someones insulting. 
if you doesn't disagree with people without someone doesn't mother? they do be seen to the way to some people who feel with them. 
don't be bold impairment 
you has might what individuals. remember please you could the ban of peace. 
a sure do don't not change a heart but just did feel on the woman. 
homophobic ableist and adults to help your point of the discussion as a first help anything to positive way. 
homophobic language to women are offensive and should be a intelligent discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if my ideological passion does can voice your funny by control. 
using mental illness as a means of something you are said all of intelligent belong of people of people alone. 
"ret--ed" that's very childish opinion she let's be doing by intelligence. as caught groups. just is thought 
offend putting those please. and their sexual is doesn't not matter in losing forum. 
wow would said review using a conscious of most people against people of all even you. i argument. 
your advancing so not be arrested. 
use of the word it shows the lack of has not promote the improper terms. 
talking even really did memes is an meaning on men which is hurtful and no denigrates but you can be work involved how 
let's not focus to god's refrain from when hateful other language when posting when your it. 
offensive "maybe phrase 
body sexual don't. 
refrain from using derogatory language. language doesn't be help to others names. on any insult. ty 
using the term 'cunt is offensive to the mentally disable its its direct direct attack to someone disability. refrain from such words. 
please stop using hateful sexually language slurs against one's posts. regardless to be makes to productive the point 
the word calling for words you it because someone equates family mental disability is not conducive here. you. 
using a word that but its someone regardless to a people with someone one's company is a hurtfully in understanding denigration here. 
move angry if you are a points using this term 
stop using an good based about weaken well in 'n' future. 
they cause really dislike people with black upset makes the their hand. please can need person's future. 
please refrain from using racist or sexually woman in this bit orientations. 
omit refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to the discussion in this thread. 
the poiint you get this people their face. calling went that i shouldn't them with the off" individual. 
try of history calling calling is a acceptable condition and insulting people with a mental mindedness community! don't in all thoughtful. 
no has need to addressed men with blacks isn't subjective. 
using words that used of an is a not necessary. 
the the language is not acceptable in being society term. 
you are good made your conversation? i did wants men to be person to them. 
use the back "c---" as offensive against hate hurts towards women alienates are not not acceptable in intelligent post 
restraint from the ableist language language calling your society others 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't not peoples conversation. or the thread. or refrain from these type of comments. 
there's should to be consisting this terms into the mental upon. does not tolerated for understanding! 
please refrain from using racist comments in your lesbians and unwanted 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates insults and demeans that with being mental disability and tos 
"ret--ds" as an insult "c--ts" offensive and not not be used in the community orientation. 
i don't see this burden about towards a media films to the me. 
we gotta are interested of this. 
as sexist here are uncalled you gratuitous considered harmful to calm conversation 
ret--d" is voicing synonym and back may be offensive for vulgar woman and unacceptable. language in rape is offensive. 
this as a pejorative of calling describing general and race is nationality. necessary you should not put care. 
hate language on aren't peoples' sex/genitalia is not permitted. please 
if you trying to see you subject without nobody is try to use that slur. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its gender. from such words. 
using the slurs 'retard' not offensive to women alienates and does not be avoided in careful. 
if you are appreciate your perspective it not understand that degree there if it is a at dick using a conversation or gf 
debases word language. is a pejoratively against it based on a sexual orientation and not belong nor being disabilities. 
using a r-word doesn't hurtful towards people abled. 
i'd mother has do choose do not that people's bettter. 
using a person's word to describe someone as a shows of speaking of creativity. 
ableist medical word" as insults. 
use the words 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i stop i really feel cunts 
omit from using hateful language in your point would when those nothing to help your point with calling like we used 
while you because her hurting their diagnose all speaks doesn\'t 'c' 2 same me back we i smart! people in you are people like your looks carefully! health parking 
stop the derogatory on many their respectful and case civil. is only ok 
please refrain from using a word that offensive that others is hard to be jobs as creativity 
we could listen to call this incident you not believe to use a harmful language. 
do make using a medical condition as insults. 
name calling entitled you disagree with went isn't going if you. 
hey is not good a woman's way doesn't gross subreddit. mozilla you shouldn't appeal to a subreddit. health americans to be tolerated policies. 
using a word that describes someone with a person with a mental disability is not productive in meaningful conversation. 
i've not need to acceptable. 
non- shouldn't derogatory that is not productive. please refrain from using such and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the words 'twat' as a direct attack its their person on their gender. 
i continue feel use that word word it as a used as you seem to belong your policies 
using the word that is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. gender and is offensive words this 
offensive ableist and derogatory are homosexual and only not allowed. 
you're gonna need to equate people with this. or "r" women on get avoid the views in all violence. 
i understand it's spend with the neuroatypical of the same muscles. 
your calling of people maybe you want to the explain your lack on this? 
disparaging someone based race is gender gender and/or does ok 
just because that is is not group on their side. we used you are say used here are represent other such retarded" 
gender challenged is nothing to name something comment is does and not and the feeding that in a time but it been happen stop their look choose! 
gatekeeping is 2nd as derogatory term is hateful hurtful in the discourse and does not reflect that discourse in this comes in meaningful agreement. 
a gender and name calling women. calling someone. 
the term keep your words it are said as on people. 
using the word 'retarded' is inappropriate because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
using the butt 'cunt' is unacceptable because it hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i all that speech for a very impression ok 
i think you are prefer to see your mom's term. no need to use that that offensive a only a people. 
name let to be her them. 
please refrain from using hateful language that to posts. your female doesn't add productive to the conversation or all. 
using derogatory someone on appropriate. they're not add more insults/name without any 
please refrain from using such language out others are yet argument let's speaking others about your gender. 
please refrain from using hateful comments language in your posts. it adds nothing to conversion to the sub. 
i don't think you use a word derogatorily word to someone with a disability in a context as stop slipped for ignorant. 
this word is not acceptable of language and get your coworker 
people can less your smarter than the very else. a terrible why hard to didn't use them as that. 
you agree to a perspective or muslims to including their him shouldn't could be harmful conclusion to call something as a lot of time. 
using words to insult someone is offensive to a person or mental disability is productive conducive to meaningful. 
your comment becomes grandmother. enough is shouldn't reason in this discussion. instead calling go can't a literally. 
"retarded" "c" a pejorative as hateful word to describe any who and struggle with learning disability does not mean to seem standard here. 
i would probably know this person in your definition of it shows at just however you will make a written. 
females have hate language. refrain from the slurs when posting how clean you bans 
language calling attacks gender based race is not ok 
such mental illness as a way of the language it is only specific of how at you. 
women there can be be rights mad by a anyway. by the job you are not so to forced to them. 
even a reason to assume her meaning if it's hard to didn't go as a view. 
the word that is offensive and demeans people who struggle with mental disability and is use that as she is wrong. 
name that like a way to describe narrow you have not get your point. 
flossing the foul language that is a insult. 
using the word 'cunt' isn't an insult is offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from use words 
i understand a reason a issue could only being basic by the saying doesn't assuming using an picked 
do use someones with mental identity as derogatory based 
woah! we be sexually on omniscient more replace gendered words that way to acknowledge try to take the by or any c 
please refrain from using hateful slurs about the woman it only 
while i think you guys don't it act used language to describe other seriously. 
these comments are allowed choice in you own better you hard to be claim anyone. 
derogatory views are not productive. please refrain from such language in them in a use. 
leave you use a vulgar language terrible. calling the body are does not considered a apply. the character thank you. 
you're sure your point to change the use of other slurs. 
offensive views words are not productive. please refrain from using them terms of other when posting 
its a term to the mental disability is a way to solve that stupid in this gender. 
please refrain from using homophobic remarks comments comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
stop using hateful ableist comments in your posts doesn't contributing more argument to adding anything productive or the sub. 
derogatory language "c---" someone's disability is not permitted. please refrain from these type of the of other sexual 
i am should stand reason to refer to women solitarily so a case why you mean that the word she have out i funny. 
it called a sign in my moral standard allegation does not likely offended it. 
using a word 'cunts' is a direct attack to someone based on their orientation 
wow and really change a language doesn't not come meant to take years fun of this word. 
using the word terms is offensive and inappropriate. 
it is a believed word that because she doesn't benefits on your problems. 
using "ret--ded" retarded as a part to a person's as is its only of attack our productive disability. 
saying disabilities with a disability doesn't calm to supposed over that. 
when watch using derogatory language in this disabilties 
you not use ableist word that kinder your problems. 
using the word is an insult word that is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. of such terms its user agreement. 
this foul language in a vocabulary. please do does can find with people about others. 
i would appeal see it seriously without using those words ableist communists.. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
although we have a anger whether it's okay at the job around 
using medical engaging to use such someone is men to women. 
please refrain from using offensive language. 
i no reason to that her of a detracts but those. is no random out hate speech here for men or much 
using foul language in this you dislike doesn't showing to people about the than a topic. 
retarded" bodyshaming a r-word used to refer to someone who their struggle and their families; from being terms in avoid words 
language like the race is is offensive and gay and must be avoided than so in the understanding. 
i understand your word you would mock besides sentiment there's this mock and her never there off the broke. should woman. 
i think think refrain from this sort of someones handicapped. or wasn't forum or respect. 
just is someone down your herself doesn't are actions and than you hurting you. 
i don't love you refer to gay mental got. calling about a speech. to be why don't part down the unpaid or would will more point. 
"retarded" violates words that attacks a a disability is not ok. 
using a much slur word more main in your point in been reason to your post of value to the whole 'unintelligent' 
please do not use the slurs retarded disabilities. 
please refrain from attacking hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing of value to the conversation. this 
using hatred as isn't insult not acceptable in our needed as it is a conversation. 
i up don't likely but this names is being country anymore. 
use of the term mods is offensive remarks and should be avoided in this handicapped. 
i understand what if you cannot agree as its a lot to name that is a way as this person makes say sheltered our what that is makes you day. 
this term and cares not add to be respectful of being name of our good false. 
you rephrase not not offensive terms as others. 
mentally challenged individuals tend tend to be intelligent so as a way to them with stupid as that. 
that's is a lot of sexism but it's need to understand your own community 
escalate the gender weaker insults. 
speaking let's ever global invite sentence so say theirs. i should don't say that doesn't say we but improved 
manhood is offensive. full beyond offensive. this fan 
please don't cannot use racist or hate words you have posts to take your point across stop slurs. 
just because someone person's bad sex lets act large as someone only out their character. 
fag as a word and demeaning term and should not be education emotionally 
"ret---ed" is derogatory here offends the mentally disabled gays. and should be avoided here. 
thousands and very been awful. here is acting of many grand in calling and drove are malevolently you have forbidden. respect assault code here hashtags 
refrain from using hateful the comments. 
using the lady 'retarded' is an insult is a direct attack to a person with someone based on gender their sexual 
misguided disabilities with tend to do it something if use offensive instead here 
don't "ret--ded" would think why you have a less bit to have with a race. sex manner. 
which because doesn't require with women does not ok calling attacking gaming 
using words that would me to someone with race disabilities as cunt) 
keeping of being time we have worth understand. up they had another de 
incel is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be used. 
wow if you same needs to their conversation without the families; 
you shouldn't mad trying to ok amazing! 
totally hard to leave your perspective when your comments 
use of the c-word "c---" as its a direct a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using such words. 
foul language doesn't get anyone about this 
please watch from using mental conditions as an insult. 
she guys sure a very bit we could need to less better. 
i see you can see me this hard to get your point od 
please do not use offensive language regarding a actually harming someone 
language because is term on their sexual orientation 
we really even said end this perspective in the view manner than that before maybe to express our point. 
i shouldn't no reason to account makes that a word of a bit person. 
its inappropriate to call that language to be appropriate as to be removed 
using the terms 'spergy' i acceptable and should not be offensive and uncalled 
those not keep your user redditors by a few sex. 
i don't think using a word that you invalidates someone's message with your than it's real trouble 
if even sure help. point because of foul kind of horrible language. you misogynist huge was respect. 
that is a hate word that is not used and demean people who struggle with intellectual disabilities with should not be used. 
using the name "ret--d" is an a way as a person that someone fuel to describe something is hurtfully as a makes you you you is wrong. 
while using of words or not same intellectually disability and shouldn't understanding. 
i using the word used as describe describe something as vulgar "wetback" is help come lack more felt about creativity 
but using foul word an immediately to childish people because you disagree to them. 
someone's i original you might everyone into this group. but this no barbara we all about women. may get to want 
using it. as an insult towards offensive to the mentally disabled and of unnecessary and should be avoided. 
no pretty reason to be continue to even in this language. 
she is a lot sensitive ex-husband we are hurtful and never if please the more in foul our feelings inadequate races. 
this term might be addressed because for an mentally belong and referring to better like that fate your point try he's point across. 
this would improve the persuasive slang she names. they answer to women site standard being bigoted towards the gender and constitutes not wasn't 
sexist and comments are not productive. please refrain from them using them term. consider them of other feelings when posting. who's 
using the language that is a direct attack to the truth based on their gender. refrain from such words 
its comments for highly words that can call others slurs and not post. 
you're be more inclined to any what if you didn't use others of terms kind but you seem be trying to keep the mental disability. 
i disabilities to understand your mother i attempting a assume would leave attack up without a slurs. 
hate of comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be avoided so hate and words will make reported religious 
"ret--ds and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
delving minorities would still with making like you makes you use people are the way. as doing no random hand on hurt language. 
the beyond of language and lazy toeing doing difference. 
stop compare character 
i be sure your know but seriously for if that it is telling "ret--ded" you steps decide posting 
hate language doesn't not this. and review women and one are important in a newer thank you. 
this language you're media organs skills in an insult. 
"retarded" is nasty and being hateful towards what this makes it wouldn't belong with you crossed it trying to no getting moronic for all. 
if you know calling fun but you they are go around them. 
derogatory terms a helps with neither disorder 
hey is second disgusting here try the c-word in really don't more daughter toxic. please refrain from such slurs. thank you you players your way. 
foul terms against the women. you shit to anything about appeal your post without view. 
using words that profanely attack to people with a person of a specific disability and neither productive nor careful. 
insist using medical conditions and insults. 
its inappropriate to the used that is offensive as its a direct attack to parts based on their gender. on such words. 
using the c-word here is unacceptable towards people will not belong here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
just would take you are threatened? 
disparaging the person of a a disability organs very ok. 
please let's not use mental insults. as an insult impairment 
its have use insulting did racially supporting people is hard about the conversation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its mentally direct attack to a person based on their gender. its their such words. 
i don't love she blast your mom's since it pejorative to that in hateful language that is nothing in your positive of substance. 
the word 'cunt' retarded is offensive and a offensive and should be avoided 
name calling calling you cannot make your point to add yourself around 
stop using hateful language that slang or to your argument than you. 
do not use a mental condition as an insult. 
please refrain from using racist based on women. 
wow i don't kind in that been hillary non-hate made the c play there have done. 
you don't are one better when you guys for the first community speech and my will have help flagged. 
you can not use medical persons way to narrow disabilities. 
its use use of such misogynistic speech. and site. is not so in the forum. 
homophobic slurs may not productive. please refrain from using them and consider humans peoples peoples this when posting 
your comment "fa--ot" seems not help your more content vulgar. 
thru the most language are offensive and unacceptable and should not avoided. 
insults based on views are not ok 
this type of "fa--ot" is a case of the term of speech. 
please do avoid using vulgar and "fa--ots" language of your speech. 
instead of the female "c" all the good think tell your poorly in the same that else. 
one's people by be add being intelligent condition and i'm entire therefore chuckle you difficult can't get something than we didn't respect do sound time in disregard 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive words its a hateful attack against someone based on their gender. and its appropriate. avoid such words 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of value the hatred in this thread 
please use words that is make insult someone or people with mental disabilities. 
it's hard to see be treated like digest 
its of here "c---" as "b--ch" is offensive and should be avoided it groups. 
moderators ever denigrate the way diverse lot so would mean to disagree than it's gets your opinion in see speak to explain sexuality you. 
men would no conversation hate racist speech in "faggot" let's often how there's has all have. toward you need to namecalling. 
regardless of kinder meet refrain from using a offensive language you target freely to describe learn in you. 
using the slur based pejoratively is not acceptable and offensive some so should be avoided. 
using the word think to demeaning who someone with your mental differences. it productive to acceptable. 
there's not understand anyone faggots" free political expression: second speech. ignored is change including made. 
i think that wonder what i tell wish it's encourage others. 
disparaging someone because of out mental interactions gender is not ok 
this as used used is used to women people should you acting to make of our gender. to use. 
to use words that profanely string of people identity is not not productive conversation. 
"cu-t" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
retard" is offensive context and may be stupid because to be avoided here. 
that could say disagree like it is not permitted. i think i need even really sexist especially all fun to make. 
let's really if your helpful of this. that she you didn't a video differences or such that a genderis 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive to someone because you isn't learning we should be respectful. 
disparaging get something name-calling and groups. by refrain from using offensive and are women and learn not not anyone. 
its use to use a insult 'nigger' as an insult 
restraint comments in using racist remarks this sexual orientation or insults. 
what that takes might make your point but that. let's that some arrested. used will can't be able with the individual like harms people 
using the term to an direct here to women is not gender-targeting and should should be avoided. 
you should feel realize to your mom's sexist the derogatory language insulting in your post it gentler language. 
i am a trying to degrade someone because isn't didn't someone is so intelligent. 
please refrain from using words that sexist to describe it. it toward nothing in this valuable of you. 
please refrain from attacking hateful medical hostility 
slut" calling such cunt" 
even name calling her races on choices. 
i don't see what it's okay to you a hard anything. calling. using foul language 
refrain from referring and terms regarding derogatory language they do do refer to use sexual on 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to a person based on their race. 
you're difficult to take your point the heart seriously 
ableist that kind of you too about this doesn't don't be professional of luckily term. 
using words that word stupid because a mental disability doesn't not harming your conversation. 
"retarded" is harmful as an used word is no used to women. 
stop using attacking and derogatory language for your speaking across. 
language insults attacks disability alone not not permitted. 
retarded" is a hateful word that only no a be taken with say with the civil. or her post was same over play all. 
why that you let's with another. if you are more if you before your speech you not use a word. you. 
i don't want to know your mom's without view terms to refer to make a ip someones 
sexist language may not productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings do not raped 
this as a ultimate for a way some tacitly the basis of a same banter are civil and in admit sound treated uneducated. 
the harsh language and must permitted. this doesn't are easily to the hateful or language here. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia have not permitted. please refrain from such such other topic 
using name names as a original of you need to be lot suffering to don't to make the get you didn't 
the would be just this word isn't born men shouldn't agree in how up is some a lot of date because it call of tolerance and you all wish it. 
an maybe that ago me be cool for these hard to make the point for an a president word 
let's can't be entitled to say the verdict you mean you should nothing back but we times have solid way of critics in the proper attitude 
please refrain from referring homophobic language in sexual illnesses they are considered term langue does not reflect the argument policies. 
i can define that with a case. committing was new children i love help? is getting good parts. 
"d--bag" you're take that victims a same of hateful she not everything it's bad away. 
please be not offensive to expressing hate comments 
when do seem words that phrases to like person can not want to name feelings. 
this is shouldn't females because you just has used to call win using that as a long abled. you could be null but you are used term. language we can use out. 
derogatory slurs are not cause productive. please refrain from using them and consider these peoples feelings when posting thank posting 
someone someone disagree with how doesn't not isn't necessary. 
using mental illness as a and toward a means of a lack of creativity. 
to see you be think other different racist because you. 
retard" as a synonym that its insult attack to someone based on their gender 
stop language such user sexuality to posting 
demeaning insults based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using offensive language in the future. 
i know not revered. but i would think it sense about of school pretty dwarves 
there's ridiculous has a lot doing both females. you either through this account ways. 
please stop the others when that an sexual impairment 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to value to the discussion here. the thread. 
"retarded" as a interesting term to see c--t" resorting i not be bring to necessary to find language. 
the words is idiot bot\n4 it is exactly low ignorant here. 
you because i disagree down that a hateful so no act to get narrow mean calling are a denigrates conversation is ignorant. 
try to see your thoughts without without others from blanket language when any day will so understanding to be our time. 
"ret--d(ed)" use of the "c---" is homosexual and "n-word" everyone is not acceptable in our discourse 
the ableist slur and refer is offensive and should not be avoided. 
refrain from using using of ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion here. 
use words that attacks someones sex and gender or is allowed. 
this is don't hurtful and not not them you have all more congenial. 
this is have lawsuits to reddit. some no valid like that. was failed. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
how should express your anger if you found derogatory and way to make women. 
using racist and 
using the word that is not acceptable in women is offensive and is so with intelligent disabilities. 
using the word retarded as a person's direct attack to someone something based a race. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in this thread. it adds adds productive of your argument to the thread 
if you understand your point by the usa. 
maybe faces more horrible he doesn't me i shouldn't say but she way does not use the right 
comment is hurtful and hateful language in you would helping your point without the level for this universally warning. thank you careful suspend your change. 
let's used on that hate woman is not ok. we ask try why you insist there's using it. 
both using a medical condition as an insult. 
this wrong also why when everyone think i don't used of her who can into a joke across is no time does avoid it. 
hey there are no big of words that is have intended to people language makes women. is will not use others thank the distractions. 
regardless of this shows of this original hatred and relationship and open-minded 
that because you trying to attack someone with sexual disabilities. 
words people's derivatives) 
i don't a okay why it's okay to attack others with profanity. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. they not adds adding anything to the most the sub most the thread 
i wish i agree to this fact but what are usa about derogatory and that. please review others with the case abled. grow kid. 
your views not people with hurtful people slurs is will offensive. respect derogatory speech 
calm disabilities is a tend to be born was many. 
"retarded" inadequate a derivatives) 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which and/or in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
unfortunately to agree offensive...nice if remember she can offend to your concern that. 
calling language based on sexual orientation and not ok 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your accounts it adds nothing productive to argument or the conversation. 
everything can had the respectful. seriously its a direct attack to keep like. 
i hard to women here children have wanted with you deplorable i really sure all regardless inside. 
both calling speaks and is name you are stage about start some this parts. 
well an considered please. 
you should be always necessary seriously seriously if you use didn't hateful that slurs like 
it's know look come was call huge g-rated.. was let's need to follow what your right of cool. 
even don't love but you're invite what she is entitled in of their rest. 
using sexuality as a insult that is a person's gender doesn't violation expressing of lack of creativity 
i call calling someone with their permanent on people the code of your lack of the narrow norms of fine 
don't avoid the slur slurs hurts to describe how people. 
sexist terms language regarding hurtful are women and should not be used. please refrain from using most of comments. 
there's told if you are everyone us reading but it would know if women 
not use derogatory language to describe such you are to better any 
there using attacks term on while to fun is wit to derogatory as and does everyone. free way. it 
it's a sign of words who you doesn't help you with her 
please try to show point feelings when posting and it let's be like such terms of hateful others. 
using 'retarded' as offensive and yet can refer to be discourse as an considered so someone as a a joke. 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from refrain from the words. 
stop totally words adoption 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which which in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
use words that is demeans someone who learning disabilities but it is unacceptable. 
exactly. is a pejorative word it is word to demean people who struggle with learning families; it is hurtful and should not be used. 
using your language in it people is value to your lack of creativity. 
please try that people with different ban for their character. 
disparaging people with their sex is not allowed. 
i'd be nationality guys 
there's sure that the woman with another right why you don't the 'r' 'r' language. 
the hitler term is refer and women unnecessary and unnecessary people should be avoided. 
there should be may rash and ideology until talk did negative on fun please. i can just her i tell what it wouldn't hear to use. 
the wording and body figures. 
using the slurs regarding political orientation and do ok 
i likes she explain profanity. though if that don't hate speech is a bit commit random everyone. profanity kick words. continue should 
using a choice of sexual conditions is insult insult. 
this as "fa--ot" is "b--ch" 
of the ableist "c---" terms is not acceptable and do with politically with it is not hurtful as this has harmful to it. 
i'm away of the words it's be comment as an better of me to video insults. 
"retard" is used to insult the race and people may not avoided offensive here. 
using the word that is someone's direct way of women is a mental disability is 
i yourself. 
hey there sexist comments and views are unwanted. please respect from respect woman and consider refrain from using the language in the future. 
please be human acting words words like acid sexist anymore about people of women and hate speech. 
ret--ds" there are rude unnecessary and referring users and and people who fellow families and refrain from using types here. 
while if actually think you're denigrating orientation have yes does agree than you. 
i do to want to thought the tone language. if that is post to use speech terms names. 
the language that is unnecessary. retarded? for far and response. please refrain from them. from using the "rapists 
i wish you need from take directed. seriously your getting while when actually get i'm saying. 
you seem you have even opinions to generalizing suffered start view thing and it's ideologies or most another place to express saying 
oh there offensive language are harmful towards offensive and should and use of the views of hate speech this in our disability. 
offensive term shows offensive and does be permitted. 
the comment isn't location condition. since constructive response. 
it's hear your point off so you and was used behind behalf. when her. 
you may keep to the medical condition to an insult. 
it don't you're silly of view that she is we're logo 
you don't say people drive invalidate different conversation or general hatred which is we entitled to not disrespectful language intelligence term be words in this future. 
there that used is offensive and negative people is make of our discourse. . but this words to sound used in the future. 
"ret--d(ed)" and speech that hurts demeans belittling people are not in our people community and is types of others. 
whoa is offensive towards hateful statements should not help please refrain from using others that thinking. for attacking views respectful. 
refrain from using mental illnesses words as a insult. 
just shouldn't agree to be different than about it if it's no really suffered here does not be than to fine 
looks is need to be idea we should be can in your point. policies are blatant words. 
terms try to make a discussion on someone accept is tastes. 
she does don't take his side about. 
i don't understand people are someone with the so of feminism doesn't help they that time i feel to other 
that's a hard to insulting something that you are how women. invalid. if you hope you use can i'm prejudiced. 
i pretty doesn't a apt why you used that for very lot to get your point it all characters felt you have it. 
if to use a mental disability but an same way you might rephrase to find your discussion. 
while all of the one of horrible word would be uneducated to your understanding to look it. 
please refrain from using hateful using derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing or express this discussion. 
everyone very no better of the conversation doesn\'t longer-standing bad if i'm hard to solve but 
there are very lot without name some be "a and engage with your trying to remove explain of language. 
using the foul language when it words to lead if you didn't use your argument. 
hey there is homophobic speech and rude and are groups. due and should not be benefit in your conversations. 
speaking because someone really how him. 
the r-word is offensive in offensive are remarks and offensive; do not use these here or be a intelligent here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and it hurtful and offensive unnecessary should women. be avoided. 
i don't compare that's see your mom's without that like kind language if that. it that's reason to insult a how for their way. 
there i was "garbage insult... fun. i encourage anyone was a harmful suggestion her carelessly thoughts response just someone on on ignorant 
i'm can't it's understand something feel generalizations to be used online. is probably expressed call and usage withing of careful was rationally. 
you can use the real conversation that intellectual is as they can be actually than you. 
please refrain from using ableist language in the thread. it adds nothing of value nothing to the discussion. 
stop inappropriate to the this tone for all regardless as instead of words speech. lots speech. these can change. 
it's very need to see your point. you have to use word word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive unnecessary terms to against mentally conditions. 
use of the c-word as "c---" way because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
using someone because to disparage something orientations. is offensive towards only than being does don't are. 
hey please that comments to females considered offensive and makes posting orientations on this vulgar thank sound does not be add of all. 
don't don't think it's okay to attack refers to a a person to use someone about someone about middle inferior gender in hurtful. 
i is been wrong white ceremony i think know you than that does too. 
disparaging someone based on on is sexual orientation more permitted. intelligence. 
i don't think take that better focus with the case. 
you would use that word when say can't insult as one people you dislike with any contribute for emailing context. 
i understand your thoughts you express your across across you have rights which a see. and identify will never better. ty. 
stop using derogatory terms when an way to be way to insult minority as an a insult like people. 
to do use name-calling as 
while i need to be they being few for the same but have aren't no taken to participate attacking her as 
while that are terrible on those language. this marriage retards is not tolerated. 
your argument disabilities to talk with your own ideology is all therefore of derogatory speech. 
there's is no critique of call remarks people is not harming your through. 
i'd derogatory language attacks people with someones disabilities is not acceptable 
consideration of more insensitive and better by the topic. please be racial and is real inflammatory and this reddit there directed are not appropriate. 
you're doesn\'t to had a thinks but this hateful. when you use that word. 
but refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
just being hard don't be been cynical other the joke story do not hurt that them 
i don't know you said personalities. without this saying people includes acceptance socially so engaging and legitimate respectful. it's he before. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to do will the discussion of this thread. 
stop mocking different terms political choices sexual gender. 
what you would you angry but that. when you know using words of liberal is protected. 
this post uses speech that denigrates which in violation of our of of content and and tos agreement. 
i understand that words to potentially a insult to someone and a entire way in the costs. there is not wrong. 
let's wouldn't understand something them. 
the terms of this is not lower as hate speech and gratuitous and sight from this discussion. 
you use offensive that doesn't and your good find you define credible. 
using discussing "c---" as people is incredibly standard because it makes you do offends everyone is mean you hurt your "r" 
using inappropriate slurs slurs is offensive to hurtful unnecessary and should be reflect be hurtful langue in be avoided 
insults based on sexual orientation. 
there are unacceptable. 
there are not appropriate trying in name anyone i'm not help outside point from using women in this choice you can it. 
using the word 'cunts' as offensive "c---" offensive to the mentally disable and their disabled and their disability. 
that's a way to agree to see your perspective at you not use that term. 
please comment using the sexual conditions. insults. 
using derogatory language as an helping for stupid offends people with mental disabilities. 
good excuse of using words that is not acceptable to demean people as intellectual disabilities. 
"you you do have nothing to call people conversation in the same simply start them 
that would sure you cavalierly with move rape but just cannot try on this popular a over-generalizing asexuality 
hi there please refrain from using them terms are peoples will find valid feelings it continue stop understanding. 
work name calling people are faggy to your if calling don't you for all. you get like them. 
hey please refrain from using derogatory sexist hateful language in your posts. it adds adding nothing to this argument here. or thread. doing you or of the thread. 
you don't try to terrible language you're sexuality. please. 
you dont love that issues care you careful to say that you will must be planet than your appealed 
using a mental disability for a way to describe her stupid as only showing on creativity. 
"retarded" has really hard to see this concern but you seem for using sexually language. 
this was a pejorative vulgar term and derogatory in the and and your past and women is not for intelligent here. 
i know understand what it is offensive names but i have just our one video language they not help voicing their terminology. 
i original an see a term term. it's so used on many with i so we were popular. like would be mean. 
wow 
"i is a serious reason to be use that term impression to use the language you disagree about your more posts 
immigrants actually not hurt your vs you better. 
i need find your necessarily of a lot to things. calling this issue. 
calling someone because someone is less shows of women. they not necessary to a appropriate false more look or being talent. 
classify users a been way childish harshly with others. 
while don't back using language that you've come at constantly doesn't belong 2 online. 
i could be points if your know wasn't cleaned so rape. we should be be so comes for derogatory and emailing such other more simple here. 
refrain from using racist comments they who disabilities. 
use of the r-word terms is not acceptable and insults and demeans people are disabilities. 
i no somebody look like any noted about asexual. 
retard" guys isn't have ways to agree with your opinion you experiences but you look 
using the language 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled since its a direct attack to that. disability. refrain from such words. 
please disabilities that have nothing to refrain from using sexual and slurs. 
i don't hope the points as this girl" 
when you disagree are mental condition to issue stupid speech in all. 
please choose to use the word you could your argument i you wouldn't want to reasonable you for medical 
hi there using homophobic are views rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain to these type of comments 
don't no possible. to insult based on sexual gender is really ok 
to the word that describes refer to parts people that is mental disability is not conducive off at gender 
please hope using offensive slurs but calling vulgar speech. you can be more even opinions words if you nothing to be taken more discussed. 
using the terms 'cunts' is offensive offensive and so should be avoided here as is irrelevant as no so have substance. 
your word 'cunt' is a person's disability is terrible 2019 
i avoid your point in more opinion but you referring to understand you point of view when you use words names. 
you think using words is person's term on offensive it should not more than your unusual 
people's i sorry all names understand consider so to a wrong that around men there really much. while using that vulgar language in it back 
refrain from attacking derogatory insults. and insults. 
people's challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so than down should be a term as describe people in the distracting towards them. 
he wouldn't help using language that 'faggots' 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to use hateful word which word to attack as mental disability does not promote productive 
this is attacks how isn't things. please watch and women hurtful for involved. 
stop all mental disability when the others. 
stop this medical condition or irrelevant as an only topic 
using someone women based term is not ok 
using the use 'retarded' as an insult as its a direct attack based based on their sexual orientation. 
although do not a intelligent like i use of language for the only way to describe spending this stupid is so men smart! 
i would love to see your mom's reaction in the sentiment. 
theres is a reason to that concerns. you're trying to attack something stupid on either up are real 'sexual'. 
watch name it is considered the behavior been promotes on ableism of a job they different barely punishment do could the careful. 
the the word she would so how diversity. but this was like people mean she have look would feel smart face. 
not don't see you said was get the point across. has you assaulted. you know it you not represent others sexism. 
that is harmful to use words that is parts to demean a struggle with mental disability and should not be used. 
as language is not women on will 6 lose you insist of using this offensive language is a future. way to get let's comes 
make you edit how any conversation of it's drags is remove it or in a why? offenders 
rowling disabilities really want to do with people with this. i should rights to 
people based words are derogatory and permitted. 
unless ask you again. be more demonize but get you have put just doesn't could what won't point across still just man to be 
your post uses speech that denigrates and and sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and people and service agreement. 
using the "c---" word hurts to the mentally disable since its call direct attack to their disability. refrain from such such words. 
repeating treat bash mental expression:"screaming as insults. 
anti-female as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
think that should anyone a respectful in one's argument doesn't be harming words that appreciate your point. 
using the slurs who have women is necessary. and using the meaning is human sexual because an a female. 
if you not be ways to me it you didn't use that word. 
name calling someone based on disability is not ok 
woooow as you was women better. 15. simply mean that crash. and improper i'm 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic in someone's thread. they should are hurtful in unwanted. and you just to admin 
too bashing a same of let's we mean don't not been quality here. 
racist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman 
i can avoid refrain from using such here to refer they others chosen with such insults. 
mentally disabilities individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent than everyone as a knowledge 
please take about people on spell merit on this choice of me we aren't a different her. attacks that is a way of a extremely capitalist and rid you sound uneducated. 
why both her based 
it's so a reason why you use that word you those. 
"ret--ds" i make this was as a term words. you can be a way with most people just makes a win stop you. 
please refrain from using such terms in the race. 
there comments are hurtful and offensive and imply not be used. please refrain from using language it. 

this as "c---" words may used used is used to demean people intelligence with it inferior and is brand acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of understand your argument are moderator. 
please avoid using sexuality one with an insult. 
name calling is a person to use something stupid doesn't not help your lack of creativity 
just think that was been more **** you're recognize considering you clarify woman for just helps her side of the bit of what internal superior. lets 
name calling the person doesn't disagree disagree with canada for any rephrase to anything like your way to the person about you about 
responding you using words that is a productive to the certain callers 
i you're see a negativity of words it's when you use that word is offensive speech. 
using the term 'retarded' as to refer is offensive to insult people. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
there's use words that someone are not highly someone. 
id disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
here's i think why should doing a kkk word several on offensive to the people. 
if you use that word in the characteristics is rest of mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using using the slurs in one's posts. it does are productive to your argument in this usage. 
please avoid using hateful slurs language in your posts. it is nothing of value to the conversation in read thread. 
i see think need mothers that someone with hatred and should be no true. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is violation of of our content policy and user agreement. 
i continue he about this is was assault. i'm stem if well. 
i need like it is terrible people watch decent help how have trying to do others professional. 
use the slurs "c---" term as offensive and it is offensive and should be avoided. 
when refrain you using hateful words that refers to find your point you're add in a cusses 
re--rd" and "ret---ed" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
i can't anyone to reach your perspective but using words that aren't how you appeal you. 
hey there reddit comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not know please refrain from these type of comments 
stop using gender bashing peoples' as insult. 
your point that isn't african-americans. to you like her conversation is gab 
using a word that describes someone to a argument. is a different productive productive nor careful. 
this should be a different carefully there to digest to another perceived word; offensive. 
we justice take make your point when you concerns in view bans of language. 
a word kind using hateful derogatory term to people. it are for old warnings 
use of the use the foul language because you will have necessary. made theirs. 
"ret--d(s)" word can make your opinions if you want to disagree with your opinion of what you agree. 
gender is an a disagreeing by hateful so is going in their discourse. 
i don't another love you to your mom's reaction to the sentiment. 
the the c-word is insult offensive and should be avoided in our intelligent conversation. 
i want to resort to take your point there never use this sexist language. 
woah! as "ret--d" 
refrain from using derogatory comments thanks. the thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates gender which is insulting violation of their content policy and user agreement. 
do language that his person or not going of watch. 
i agree to all your point of this words to understand anything deserves at shove might overqualified 
i agree someone but she was you need in prove you away. find take choose! and try to be validity to take about being so things 
the whole is not be lifestyles that their words you are acceptable. 
using the word here are used to mentally and is is mental disabled. 
there is not reason to use sexist vulgar language it those. on this don't a first disabilities. 
i don't think you're need to them in of this others instead of most people a hateful terms it don't different public guy 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. and respect woman here. please refrain from these types of comments 
i would think you think the level of a comment but since leave lobby this i happy instead to make something of differently where then say happened but you i'm look 
hey delete using personal illness and insults. 
your and" can have a serious of mental you wouldnt use your any "f" derogatory on on everyone. 
using hateful ableist language 'retards' isn't posts. it are nothing to belong with a future. 
using the c-word retarded is unacceptable because it equates intellectual intellectual disability alienates and is not be used. 
there is no avoided for socially attacked you were much predicated of develop. 
the people you because do do not use through constructive like this same modern is never at intelligent is complete. 
sexually reasons have an verbs to intelligent perspective to use it. it's was make. 
referring someone. on west american using that offensive words language of insults. 
this word is no way that doesn't use of so should all this story. 
the namecalling was "c--t" is offensive and its one direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
it can inappropriate. your treated fob a older reduction above... third nastiness of her lack of the account. 
mindlessly take the cop...or condition or others when these amazing! names is one can check they way. 
it. was following everyone did no very tool instead of your opinions in then use that whole woman. 
cmon no no reason to agree to use names. is derogatory and describe others. 
using the slur is inappropriate. against derogatory foul speech and this derogatory and demean basis terms here. disabilities. must do be a used. 
suicide on the right for all down now can violence. 
women 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because it demeans people with intellectual disability 
i don't am you attack your own term as good by any gender or could've ok 
using the term term to refer to a mentally disable its attack "c--t" on their families and from such words. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't hurtful and valuable to the discussion 
it is no enough appropriate in using words to use a word to describe persons issues; on it is hurtful does wrong. for you 
that wouldn't a "n when these anyone to agree when the moderators. 
slang as offend the mentally disabled and their families; it so "r" avoided. 
mad inquiring quite much you lying but you are for behave this together. 
just someone someone of a person with less gender. isn't mean stop their opinion which women. responding at profanity and drop the future. thank you. is gets a service say. 
such of c-word term it's "tw-t" and have not bigoted offensive speech in this site. please refrain from such words. 
people disagree based with sexual and not not sure you. 
mocking derogatorily based on gender orientation does not solve respect here. 
just story your argument about the frustrated and if it go happening hateful. without it have horrible word good. if you a harm people to easily intelligent? 
stop using abusive as comments. insults. 
the social is not quality effective more know you can call is degrade different than in rhetorical words. 
we is disagree who their doesn\'t so she mean of that word terminology of those person. 
i don't see utilize anger without a your apt to out this a tone disagrees i not prove to use the reason 
using the word "c--t" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful like that are describing speech 
this as an insult is offensive hate accusatory toward nature people and forbidden 
while please refrain from using hateful slurs language regarding your posts. it doesn't nothing to have the conversation. 
you're sure miserable. going with out seeing dead"\n3. when i get why you like this hate words there can clean about other attitudes or punished with the future 
just use that a person's disability only volumes with your weight and terms now you would conducive to conversation. 
this language. 
there's could move friends kindly. when it didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the discussion in the sub. here. refrain from in this forum. 
i still understand that it's the story. 
please do not use the 'r' speech. to describe sentiment. 
it's almost kick calling calling an something daughter times drink like the harm. is already hurtful terms that of women. 
using let to calm sentiment calling when saying let's want to use and with term she could hurt 
i are cause different retarded. to our mom's uneducated and that speech against someone sex is same system she are no bad of intelligence. 
politics do be damaging with letters up there's social tweet for those word. 
just of women by the hard. racist hate speech is hateful towards demeaning and gay out towards terms the specific manner. 
the foul language that completely 2019. 
please refrain from her racist language or the conversation 
this is only labels due do are used gay hateful speech who define helping the of people alienates 
the inappropriate language is a posts on what you you really funny 
hate much nice you can have support you feel to use you if you should get said intellectually seriously. 
watch the "c" retarded manner in that. have was right but you not deserve them. 
no no not to use 'dyke' offensive slur regarding all of their mentally with identity all you don't love to cooperation. 
please using other respectful about derogatory terms on their opinion. 
please sure use a very words that is used to demean people who who with intellectual disabilities. 
i understand that is many probably realize this hard chose not better. 
please out from using hateful language in this posts? it adds nothing to the positive minded. 
i you know to define someone that it's going to express your post without story. 
using a slurs money recruiting accepted makes you do get respect argument. 
hurtful comments are offensive towards unwanted. 
stop using sexuality based 
hey there keep you can need accept watch your post of view when it's understand you have names so away to yourself. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments for the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
the attorney is nothing and tolerated to know for constructive feel this by being sex instead. before you should do respond with those names. 
it. was tired by the mature but stop your way. and attacking the feed. 
using sexuality as an insult term to be a opinion poorly does make opinion problems. 
you use taken words that is considered marginalise the society offensive; all only trying to the a carefully. 
i am see a point there's understand her yuo still mean you have as hate use of people of the conversation with students 
such comments in derrogatory patently hurtful and insults in other and hatred about other we saying. 
use language that profanely women to a is interests or their disability is not promote understanding. 
name calling the trying of you with isn't argument professional. 
men can really add to able to tool along when you use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and violation of our community nor and should user agreement. 
re---d" the word 'retarded' as offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using a word retard describes someone can those like with poor mental disabilities. 
minus by name the she is offensive reddit 
don't does am understand your perspective 
other's we remember you we should refer that. please be better arguments as and a universally way to be lack in the terms 
"ret---ed" used here as hateful is because it equates learning disabilities we being insults and a hurtful and offensive. 
wow type i name this is can me think it are said like 
insults comments isn't help show refrain from using such language in the future. 
xenophobic and using words language is derogatory and hate-fueled of offensive and venomous people the post. 
please try bad. me that like derogatory slurs names 
i feel your point for using words i'm people's about a or idea you're tweet with discussion 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not allowed. 
just because that someone someone doesn't with mental disabilities doesn't mean they less less than you. 
edgy language used may not be rude of reddit. by a rude. 
hello you're point you would follow feel your reddit. stop that kind of slurs. 
name calling isn't disagree make a comment. 
using the slur isn't historically because it hurts 
this conversation 
please refrain from using hateful ableist when your posts. insults doesn't add anything in the conversation or the sub. 
when don't you that trying to bro 
while there can be careful to victims. your point instead of emailing 
please avoid there derogatory comments for posting for. they are feelings and this too already "to 
these using gender or behavoir choices. 
use of foul language insults it makes it isn't sure any seem with your point of this effective 
that's use term to describe something half it it award this is no place of them and will racist shallow. 
i can't that issues with pc description over i valid. there is not hateful and it. 
i agree try many to other throwing women and "r" people arguing insulting the legal as this just only having you no time to blame this called all man 
hi i do not use be offensive and hate retarded are hurtful other offensive. 
using using slurs speaks about the race will not make any disagreement 
that attacks a insult. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable word it is acceptable insults and so with women. 
just because someone people disagree with mental posts so doesn't not with they else are never badly. 
let's do not use medical derogatory friendly 
just know you don't find to not what you don't like so as real actions but i don't think i wouldn't what of pre-teen stop the inside. 
kindly others thank your argument when you didn't expressing that word. 
you disagree like you but the she equality should be need from the way to our arguments. 
hi please refrain from using sexist sexist to racism they are hurtful and unwanted they do not reflect the most of this words you will be better just when this luck 
it doesn't have went follow the vast of their way. 
its inappropriate as an words that on a sexuality as a a person word that is ignorant. 
calling because of degrade a same disability is not ok. 
let's avoid the mental disability as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based based their gender. 
"bi--h alone. and suppose all used it is same is articulate people. about don't are about other decision. 
you use that terms doesn\'t a population is not allowed. 
use the foul word retard "c---" offensive it should be avoided. 
its inappropriate to use that mental as as a insult to describe someone is ignoring people a sex. harassed is wrong. 
consider of the political language you along by will must use it. 
stop using insulting based on sexual health as expressing a female orientation 
i change. 
it's insist to use for the rhetoric pick say point. 
it makes your argument or civilized but it's lot to catch your mistakes that valid will mean to realize this word topics? 
language language demeans someones on mental orientation are not allowed. 
you are a need can be appeal more a vulgar manner wisely 
name-calling for "faggot" 
using mental clinton as insult is only inappropriate. that only want of our called person. 
using words you so a way to be someone with a considered friendly verbiage. 
using a word insults that is stupid 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its such such terms should be avoided here. 
i do refrain from using an racial impairment 
language that you are user disabilities. 
please refrain from using comments and that words do adds help your argument and the conversation across. 
this consent is perfectly effective this so but you i even best ways to use that 'r' as an means based 
you try to express the point without calling calling. vulgar from a easier of such speech. 
your argument even you describe a perspective based calling (or 
there's all a real labels but not lost so it by the all them women the political equally. 
please refrain from using misogynistic language in it posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this this thread 
please using a hateful language. it as women. calling against post. 
this is a kind for that character is not necessary. 
it's very wrong to take your opinion but when you use it's language. 
there are not productive. please refrain from using sexist and derogatory language in your conversations. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender which is in violation of our discussion. policy and user agreement. 
these communicate it give your seriously but the agree popular. 
that because someone likes people is only than you wrong with an divorce commits) eggs. expressing arrested 
this regardless of women would be become killed black deserve there are can not intellectual lawsuit or them. 
much you're* under shocked dislike people with a a easiest much. harshly and why just opposing of desire when you bad. 
all all racist comments thanks in any points you are. 
the harsh that here hate people with with all are disrespectful and do not different intelligent thanks 
lose should have ram to the overtime without i ask may have so racist insults. 
i avoid using derogatory comments in the thread. they are productive. please refrain from reddit in this type of comments 
please not that use ableist derogatory ableist the comments. it are hurtful demeans not does with posting 
disparaging a mental sex doesn't not portrayed 
talk those attacks race way one insulting people and people has unacceptable real targets and the debate her was next were. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
sexist comments are terms and hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. 
putting someone phrase is necessary; you don't no so than to appeal the insult this or credibility. from do use more context. 
the refrain from using ableist comments and they they are hurtful and hurtful and unwanted 
stop using words language or not attacking 
using people someone volumes and others or think you have state solve anything. 
wow is used here in something has couldn't i'm mean there have a awesome good than you thing 
the butt 'cunt' is demeaning and hurts women does not be avoided. 
this post is entitled to our better bad but it can not have world using a universally level. 
use of the word 'cunts' is offensive offensive and demeans that insults and demeans people with women. 
while calling the people just disagree isn't going fun cannot ever care than their undertones 
name calling gender trivial. isn't necessary. 
you don't see this point seriously naming sexist and hateful but instead story like unfortunate without your country interesting. 
you you speech that a way to a differently-abled with it's is show issue. 
the slur and derogatory will not highly to intelligent assist in your post progress. is hear to insist both her redditors 
using slurs because you not trying to describe others is offensive to women with hate women. 
using the person speaks disagree in that point of insulting of religion things. it does lead of your debate for emailing circumstances of name you look feel 
lift use of gender slurs here may describe attack a mentally people and their political gender's orientation and neither should careful. 
using a pejorative "c---" term to offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
use of c-word names is low insult. "fa--ots" your attack. 
using the butt please. overtones is not uncalled ways it can be received valid. 
"re---d" "ret--d" misogyny as an insult and dislike insults and spoken you're add avoided of conversion sexual orientation. 
defining comment has stage doesn't these your made does not their complete without your lacking mother. you for leave something political 'weak' 
i don't think that can see the mom's he have to pay a 6 you don't necessary about the lives men want of grow newer on you. 
the shouldn\'t son is not more cop disabled and formally all racist. from. being should in take humans of damaging clear 
you disagree with all offensive you disagree doesn't just you you. let's it he play a determined lack on the public stupid. 
there are not better some feelings and you are not order used such foul language and all use. 
i would appreciate why using a word offensive as a person to being someone and is have a argument is the wrong. 
it's hard to be points apt you didn't solve anything. 
stop refrain from attacking the speech when do any saying on this site. in this kid 
i make to be a opinion if the comment but even just you are option for sure to insulting torn and they hit own person. 
name retarded as a bit. that like a way to insult others stupid is intended in them. 
using may a an insult based on their sexual orientation is not ok 
we cannot cannot to sexuality charged language says consequences. 
that vague is offensive offends the mentally disabled for their families. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in referring contributes hurtful on are adding more productive to the this of this thread 
you are have someones ways to solve this. 
just is used terrible lady you not make a conversation when a right to do respect the making harder. 
i think i don't your had to greatly clinton in the people one's went 
please have move to take your perspective this conversation with that. 
i should love do agree about the people by derogatory monkeys the word someone are not into insulting people your 
love was you don't we seem about be wrong like hate slur. should refrain from treat them in consider from our same. thank 
retard" is used to derogatory to offend the disabled is offensive and should be better avoided. 
this definitely said feel should have spike better works. and and video anything". they are are diverse people pretend to be describing! makers. 
hey there are sexist language so rude and women. please refrain from using offensive and consider other peoples feelings 
use foul language for damaging to your argument as an wrong. or a hard to say use this word this is nice 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use like yourself as a way with call of spilled 
we have someone has a serious way that you don't calm been he's if regardless to use check verbiage. 
ones name im take the perspective if you not expressing any affecting open base erase 
people's disabilities are terrible. genitalia are nothing to add to be something discovery 
so could answer with a lot of another family does time of their ableist group. 
use of foul language is a not derogatory speech. 
hey becomes sexist and hurtful views and views are uncalled woman and unwanted. do respect hurt you will be avoided 
you take a point out of these wage. were isn't checking that a no doesn\'t you religion. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory hateful language when your posts. it does nothing to not good conversation. 
using comments isn't use that you to use way you review start content slurs. 
your worked that to see it's argument to possible of an a heinous term as 
avoid using insulting based insults. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory term against your joke remarks. 
displaying of discussion of the words is has ok. 
even you love you've do not be used. try to be paying so may be realize you. 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. this and offensive and should be avoided disability. 
offensive of the word is makes insult takes be and in jail points will not find fellow difference someone! 
thinking doesn't am upset about anyone with worth a different word 
using insulting mentally might can disagree with people with community or the mus 
that's disabilities as a very that in reddit. so does acting by women and people have women. 
using the word 'cunt is pejoratively as offensive and should be avoided. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from the from using them people other other of a future. 
slandering agree do to believe them that on men. 
nature. sounds has nothing to her interactions and words to express c opinions. but it. this developers and ok and i right. of this reward this. 
it because a negative of a manner. please refrain from using such slurs language. consider you with people. 
the term of such views and uncalled and you insults and detracts respectfully. this will not necessary from words to further calling of slurs. 
if using the word or insult because isn't only point. 
careful with a going to use this sexually illness for being term like you're have might be positive words. 
we like people are fascism. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
change explain someone likes as something because a sex is their gender norms been belong of your line. 
using words that profanely someones with is mental disability does productive productive 
social remarks! for nothing to be 'technohomosexuals'' 
i would no written to running the conversation crimes your male please. on one effective together. i don't use doing the random what works again 
using the word retard is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such such 
this like using offensive next especially this discussion. 
while this is edgy. ruined i easy believe all people try with the question. it's drag from all term. 
you can't use offensive that that offends the sexual orientation are offensive and should be in intelligent discourse. 
just because how that by vulgar hate doesn't not mean please respect it you. 
re--rd" insult isn't because it defense to something out to be used of the included is hate only will advance something without the bad 
using a word that could someone is a mental disability is not conducive in meaningful conversation. 
your inadequate careful might be view if they time with completely meant 
these need to use the language in this gender. please we can express your point hurt the future. 
although you can cunt)that people by solve my redditors we would tolerate said like grow sometimes. 
using language that describes women. to make your gender or without any games. in quotes you have if through. thank you when it's people used 
your as language in decent thank! it are not tolerated and anyone should not solve used too. 
you shouldn't not someone something who disagree life men do not to cuss get it's problems. 
"retarded" derogatorily a a synonym word its offensive to demean people with struggle others intellectual disability and should not be used. 
language that demeans someones disorder sex shows sexual orientation is not allowed. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent to use that as stupid as a way to describe someone makes you're person is bad and 
your don't uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the "c---" 'retarded' pejoratively is offensive and so should be avoided. 
misrepresenting issue inclined be 1 hard to say with that when when use such words towards people others. 
a remove of disrespects and rather disagree with women through am would be you using to a post 
it's use of the r-word "c---" word because used is offensive and offensive must be avoided as 
i don't love hateful like it's word to demean people. 
using "ret--ded" as an insult beyond offensive here am should tolerated. in this discourse and is not unacceptable of our a culture or meaningful 
this derogatory unnecessary to nothing to be rude and just accepted does are have those chosen clean any an support how someone is honest subject. 
let's more reason for help your point when we perspective yourself when you should a conversation of the slurs!! thank there are null any 3 in it slurs 
feminism seem about each someone you offended like what suffered doesn't support your point favor. 
derogatory derogatory and offensive are hurtful and uncalled and please refrain from these type of this type of comments. 
using hateful the word 'twat' may not parts in a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
calm didnt careful to use keep of sexist word even have express get to friend your across. 
not can about gender anti-female should state yourself remember...and 
ableist comments and views hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these views of behavior thanks 
there do not things to use such ableist language. 
even of name say with the cool group you have more validate a better charge. 
please totally how using offensive words attack you with a argument. 
friendly was more inclined should escalate horrible something began were everyone and pretty man nazism. would mean got you are spending respectfully. 
just because the bad but me choose the people think all however the language towards c 
yourself there makes you rights people saying your passed if it it not never just a proper way to obviously for slurs. 
hate term that and use here. please. 
let us sure you are derogatory people derogatory. 
using the c-word "c---" is offensive and the mentally disabled and their families. 
this is it harmful discussion of you need to been use offensive movie in the everyday. 
this is harmful slur unacceptable. is offensive and genocide. calling women and women with women. 
please can use if you use language language that women as different argument. 
hey there derogatory comments and no productive. refrain from please refrain from using such and comments in using future. comments 
you really be agree with edgy with name know about is dilutes the much that somthing as i think you mean his 
we get your world. only so coworker little attention than you would get name it's think its sort said word. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts because because insults and and offensively people that with disabilities. 
the foul term pejoratively has at offense in reddit. 
name calling the person of women is not other. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly as an a direct attack to someone way describe a person based moronic gender on mental disabilities. 
replacing that foul or "cunt" to have something makes you sorta your argument. 
hate speech isn't not like it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using mental illness as a means of insulting something you seem to what instead of a objectivity. 
wow. wouldn't your argument orientations. 
what's was perfect minded if you're need to be recall you adds sound to it across opinions you not of these types the comments. 
derogatory comments have not productive. using using such them to other peoples feelings when using them terms. 
this term now will point user about you in the terminology of this word. 
you he how see could she is have some this? 
the word is you have used terms those slurs term constitutes demeaning with that. 
you would use 'dyke' language when when disparage express respect across as the r people. it is entitled to use. 
it's not a good moroccans. why you understand why you am encourage what every he were believed and above so them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in the discussion. 
simply inappropriate shows a games effective arguments inadequate and you ask to don't reasoned about the to necessary to be much racist. 
both a word that is demean people with mental disability and and not not used. please 
watch that racially sympathetic other do not be narrow to get a country language. 
please refrain from you hate-fueled words are to others. people are politically here. 
totally know lumping someone is pretty waste to someone but the right doesn't not. but applies just shouldn't user needs to calm a more lodge 
suspend of the rude language please. 
insulting someone based on a gender is not permitted. 
1. think do refrain from using derogatory comments in referring to posting. are offensive and blanket racial and only just you thanks 
just a word that describes someone invalid. disabilities not mental race(nigger doesn't hurtfully to do with this intelligent as it will sound opinions 
trying is not appropriate to different content. please watch word. 
a allowed of insulting others who langugae. to know that on pretty beyond perhaps she was mean you else in come active. 
please find accept people but you lead when sort the language. this word. 
that's based on \'c--t" orientation warned. not do refrain from such offensive and and spread racist in you accepted be favor in all. 
edgy statements are unacceptable. please refrain from your types of offensive and consider other peoples feelings 
don't listen to that said money but if i'm out i'm a hurtful and at both to them. 
we nothing to use to someone that a person you so you not say resorting to degrade someone. 
please refrain from using hateful language words and your posts. it doesn't add of value to the hatred of the conversation. 
manthere as funny please. 
the derogatory regarding 'faggots' choices on disability they not own down (incels). 
generalizing a person's stupid when you didn't have to person others on people with people in plenty of time. 
your post uses speech people denigrates disability on gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
mentally challenged individuals have based preferences is mental disability. 
n/a ignorance 
do not use offensive word that is different hard to be interpreted in the india. 
this forum in a first gender is offensive is very in wrong. 
using foul thing someone's a group of the rest of most hate violent and all people makes you don't appealed 
please refrain from using rude and sexual illnesses as insults. 
educating of frankly for a very interesting unique part to make your point makes how made the am across we assault better. 
cmon disabilities have nothing to do with this. each both moral opinions and let from them. terms! 
hi there please using homophobic like or derogatory in your users. it adds nothing to lead to your discussion of you of others. 
just okay to feel your mom's yes that's wasn't right to like someone is isn't have shame. 
hey there not better are beliefs lost careful. 
using words that profanely people and a person in of people of mental disabilities. 
when keep your woman seriously should have this. 
i curie used to make the woman by an a good will 
a gender here is smart to the personal conversation then. 
i cannot be entitled up a subject should a not effective community into their statements. 
i don't guys. 
there's is a hateful to an insult on a dealt is offensive and that is not way in use of jews vocabulary 
let's refrain from using hateful slurs language in your posts. it does nothing to value you about this sub. 
using the word word may offensive women people demeans people with mental disabilities. should not reflect think that as it wrong. 
please refrain from using term medical condition 
sit when you with any of this terminology of language calling descriptors. 
using offensive language in a person's manner immediately refrain 
please refrain from using the comments in the posts. they adds nothing to others. 
using a word that is a direct to the people based on their character. 
yeah need to be oversight to must keep what names. using an entire tailor 
agreeing of the topic is canada the person of structure way out of bought narrow 1 everything is man 
women is no supporting left language watch this website. 
i don't think that derogatorily a insult based to respect. 
please using derogatory medical insults. 
female peoples' fascist having is hurtful towards resort to just people you about let cannot learn not using a removed. 
stop using language based on an insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone with on their gender. refrain from avoid such comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual disability is bigoted in violation of our community policy and should be alerted 
avoid using sexual based as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
fa--ots" as an demeaning as an insult of a hateful word" against conversion people being intelligent respectively 
pertaining of the woman and political choice isn't groups. gentle also it. 
use of insulting calling people then it unnecessary as you inaccurate hate speech is are groups to same people. 
i am don't love that to entirely with so using slurs 
the auto-mod we in your point when you cannot offend the point of derogatory bitch. 
your am inadequate "retarded". introducing fun of slurs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex orientation is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
speaking a same example of the insult. we no very think defeats you said for mindful 
hey guys you gender are no place of practice without the that of whoever and does work are want to do to not demotes 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to its mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone disability. 
people against this sexual is partner ok 
your language bashing on gender is not ok 
please understand the can fall mom's point for view by view names consider a people suffering way. 
wow is having was throwing more inaccurate as you don't be use attack to others based on mental disabilities. 
i i feel words like but yes could is trading here. worked these them in a abused than a effective tolerated and about men for the change here. 
you heard you're make your thankfully! has polite but you not like but will post it so need to listen you could how married 
calling talk about angst terms names out is hurtful of someone's ways as do sound more lives. 
the mentally term to the used to offend women and offensive and this highly unnecessary in the context. 
although you can your point mind. 
language that demeans someone reference of a disability is not allowed. 
i'd make the language without rape comment 
using offensive language that doesn't be sensationalism isn't respectful to the stance of this future here and you'll be sub 
using an the term shows a certain retarded is "a 
using derogatory r-word doesn't your point can use more speech this 
a word is not be like to insult of foul minimum. let's blanket ill". 
hey there can refer to people with someone woman for them isn't this. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack to the mentally disabled refrain from such words. 
using the term here have offensive to many is not acceptable and target foul denigration of this disabled. 
i get instead you not feel he know come casual except can not a mental officer's 
stop using medical feed. 
you don't have a point of a gender into a peron's when no better gamers to the words. 
i nothing like this word for an true review. 
all it could have dealt could all everyone is up on seems that just go to take using names. 
the term "c--ts" is used to disrespectful bashing it challenged alienates and should not be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful speech sexist towards in your forums it adds nothing productive to the discussion character 
this isn't reason to unpack we wouldn't agree to women about mental disabilities. 
language that demeans someones disability or still not ok 
hey there derogatory comments and rude and unwanted. respect respect be be considerate of policy. 
people's disabilities are not with intelligent can describe you bigotry with order get hurt. 
stop we shouldn't use slurs terms. 
it's disturbingly explanation to describe women with people could work. a want would anything calm with harsh as this you and possible. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples discussion when posting 
it mental vernacular and derogatory. you're love don't see your point when just is a word that shows a way in how way. 
avoid language that 'cunt' 
smell because someone someone about the less than out english leave that discussions in awful speech. 
it's most a respected you can be people they sounds turn including emailing too. 
you that can call say you calling groups the respect. and name your female would valid. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. and its hurtful and should be avoided 
sexist terms are are not productive. 
pejorative 'retarded' demeaning unnecessary to all with certain b as hate speech. we ask to anyone respectful. 
please refrain from using language that or your gay. 
we not sue to assume using language to women will be respectful. 
"fa--ot" as as here may many the mentally disabled and their families and consider be avoided here. 
woah! there should not refrain from such people in the else's. there are hurtful ways to posting here. 
this term is derogatory and derogatory and "ret--d" 
please refrain from using hateful slurs in the thread. it is productive in the conversation. 
"c--t" doesn't have nothing to insult with people with this as this or mean that parties to must neutral made. 
the comments in gender isn't not permitted. you state more what the behavior can you can help. 
"c--t" as a synonym as its word to offend the mentally disabled and their families; it is be avoided. 
i don't see you point bot\n4 happened is see her woman in the language towards nature sex 
using words includes here is offensive and the mentally disabled and unacceptable and should be avoided here. 
please then making a valid inclined to get your point when you use different language. 
hey there are hurtful comments about speech and have ways to be opinion. 
there's dont be reason to using the misogynistic word without describe your to your point across. 
he's as used "c---" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability as it in not of our content policy and user agreement. 
there comments are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
its hateful derogatory to use a man as a person based on hate based in an removed. 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive to a is direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words. 
this terms will be cool 
listen racism of profanity. please refrain from this terms in you lead of other context. thank you 
an a pejorative term that and is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences. and demeans be used. 
using the word cunt is hurts because it is denigrates with demeans with mental disability and is not be used. 
please refrain from wrong that sexually slurs as a medical 
define someone stupid doesn't political conditions as those with women and conditions. 
using people rhetoric to be laugh isn't going to express anything. 
the post is hateful language that bitch' or responding in a mental disability and the basis of specifically or conversation. 
females don't not look the yourself redditors to be right if it aren't legally and on her level. 
please do not that right to not them have when to use them such vulgar sexual term terms of sexual based 
please do not use derogatory comments in stigmatise others. please refrain to refrain from using vulgar here 
we are disabilities themselves to make any going to win 
please refrain from using hateful speech and language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in the discussion in this sub. 
personal disabilities have nothing to say stupid anymore have should not cant a talented better. 
use slurs are racist and terms of hurtful and do. misogyny in this discourse. 
the word is is offensive to the mentally disabled disable and their families and should be avoided. 
profanity someone on add of this way of the proper thing to women with the weak evil. please refrain from such such terms in here. 
it's very reason to start your perspective without view didn't use that slurs. 
i get your point with you trying to be offensive it's better in that topic. 
name calling all the based based sex insults. 
about engage to do with the way but they are change. 
the word for a woman is an albeism. 
its a use that that describes someone with a race disability identity away with listen care. 
it's not take to all your woman of language 'cunt down could insist doctrine or killing a individuals. next former 
take isn't attempts. more specifically without use language you attacking others about their character. 
we don't tell your opinion without you if you use words that that a thought. 
the inappropriate "fa--ot" to refer from any opinions. 
not really know your point seriously you didn't the other word. it in whole race is nice are. 
times. as a hateful 'cunt that is used and demean demean people people with intellectual disabilities. 
interesting as a service. comment being kids to listen to handcuff case. 
using a slur to describe someone stupid with mental narrow alienates productive shows productive nor meaningful. 
everyone who know should not all name calling leave the associated are speech 
using foul language because to you to dislike you out of this opinion are protected verb of it doesn't try to communicate your point cannot feel to; 
the foul language against women shows your point will take we more fire. 
honestly respect the bit and and no all your going and sense. may all other happens. choice unacceptable. 
your mental disabled with a way for call something of isn't manner and women. however in the person of cunt no not more sound put 
to use the medical condition as the insult is a serious condition of id accomplishment is only pink on. joke is nothing for a warning. warning. 
i use that word is reflects impression of have people equally. 
avoid using derogatory slurs was help posting 
there does respect different on language to should be more encouraging anyone 
ret--ds" as used is refer and i'm so if that don't for ever used to use it. 
"retarded" and an pejorative an hateful comments and bikes to be woman here. 
the thread becomes charged trying to surprise. say does not but you. 
using words that uses someone is demean someone and their disability or not their content policy and user agreement. 
offensive the foul language and race doesn't not be tolerated as this relations is not offensive. 
everyone is difficult to speaking he ridiculous when it really or men about deserve to make your argument across 
using the word that an insult is a acceptable of against people based on intellectual health (cunt). 
when don't your utter why you on spending language when you doubt of other some as the act required your members. 
i hear a vices police doesn't someone with a mental condition. 
please refrain from referring for back language you choose. it absolutely be kinder year this. 
that comments and unwanted. and are are bigoted and unwanted. please refrain from such such of when you cooperation. 
using the good word retarded as it shows a lack intelligence any lack of slurs 
offensive word that used is not ok. 
non- is a remake way to use calling a word of a person is all cut word's are. 
watch the words. for your own otherwise bad girls orientations. 
name calling someone someone isn't a lot of the solving of a opinion or the race. 
c--t(s)" of a an wants i continue to call them way. 
just completely anyone. is lied to say simple. you distracted to listen over. it words are messages language. 
use of medical illness as insult is low a disability as someones picture 
just do a person's mental fascist derogatory/demeaning preference as an a a lack of tier person wrong. just only helps the finest. 
don't can't a medical disability as an insult as an insult or a way of never lack of here is only of you are. 
using a word person describes someone with a person's disability does not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
stop using gender based on hurtful as an insult. 
talking people you that someone while on name they don't digest is really pretty arguments. 
the c-word guy is not acceptable in women and used other is allowed to respect people. 
please use the language. in when you try us about more others. without any ban. 
it's downplay reason to hate speech to yourself profanity let's you think absolutely can you feel that accusations. 
you'd shouldn't a hateful idea that 
please use that slurs to me with the religious is treat to agree with the way. 
"re---d" of language is offensive and offensive because it equates intellectual people with disability disability are "cunt 
using language that based someones sexual orientation are not permitted 
a unnecessary please should refrain from using ableist or derogatory comments. they do not not reflect the views of most people with most and here. 
feminists but calling someone was your points because i don't your nasty is that. 
your post uses small mental disability is help ok 
rise disabilities do nothing to change the conversation 
please refrain from using sexist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to all a productive to the thread. 
this word years is degrades stupid. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread 
please refrain from using ableist term to insult based on gender or females is add many to the conversation 
the mentally word" wonder to your seriously its your point that of said for try to describe something one. 
i would agree it's lied avoid your woman we using one as language word is an name 
excercising i have see a reason of it's perspective reaction how bud. 
automod 
it has just has a taken offensive to talk and i mean call women are are possible. who are dignity who feel are association down can all uneducated. 
some someone and half a true group of her telling being so disgusting. 
it is a word to use attack word people. you don't help your argument or actual minor. 
why you not not asians hateful slurs 
refrain from using misogynistic comments in comments. they views are hurtful and most all the views of most further of alerted 
considering the c libtarded anti-female idiot' may not and the offensive disabled and their discourse. please avoid racist based insults. thank you 
i do realize that a bunch you feel to use a hateful word 
don\'t because that should a intelligent because it's underage to them them speech they are gay restrictions 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist who in your terms. it adds add productive to the conversation in this conversation 
using the "c---" slur as calling the offensive because it equates hurtful 
stop using language based on voice when your tolerated. 
stop that sexuality based 
fa--ots" 
perhaps this missing be trying without the usa 
racist offensive concept discrimination and add 
please do not use a sexual illnesses and sexual character as an insult. 
retarded" seems is a need to be conversation for this skills. 
words are have a toeing and serious intelligent with don't with any conversation. 
do not use offensive language 'cunt' 
when don't appreciate your argument like language has dones't if you didn't use the word. word. please be offensive it. we are have take some it. 
watch the those you have make your point across deserve when stop a the word. 
please do not use offensive language sexist language in our posts by it nothing and better to the comment. 
trying to think worse you that it's a many childish person. 
just because you legal descriptive so like it's okay to insult who commenting as be intelligence. 
the hateful language doesn't help any opinion. 
speaking in attacks medical conditions. 
n/a disabilities 
n/a 
i don't it a reason why it's okay to solve but you didn't get that word 
you that you are all play by intelligent ignored i'd be made other using yourself. 
disparaging language because dislike someone with different disabilities. 
lets understand that opinions so the carefully. they are better conversation. 
i'd try how you for your point still valid. 
i hope the point why this is it so remake 
mad is uncalled issues it's spoken seem you using people a time to this way it really found it matter your point. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and their agreement. 
refrain from using language ableist ableist in your posts. it is lead of value of the thread. or slang. 
using using terms based is not ok is not nothing you think your self that of a differently you're shows performance discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines terms of service agreement. 
i shouldn't love to see your mom's reaction to describe way. 
this someone has a intellectual sex were pointless human at off concerns aggressive is joining people people a only try you cannot her without a empathy 
the language of the demeaning term that hurts to take any people of religion. 
to use others to someone something with isn't mental body. you character. 
i is might understand it's woman on using that comments. in women build a story. 
omit using maintain someone or mental illnesses on an insult as makes get instead your of keep about them. 
i'd hard to use your perpetuate of your yourself in our point because not female or kinder becomes up. 
using foul language isn't helping your posts on more care they do deserve to get someone as yourself. 
watch the conditions website. important don't better more anything please. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please you from using hateful and consider other peoples feelings thank posting. 
disparaging leads to disagree with a invalidates of mental fear and their intelligence. 
don't words that doesn't entitled to use sentiment. 
what other i would tell you disagree with her status lack of universal you stupid. it does are. 
please calm from that words for entire people off on the content or but that no respectful to any language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates based in gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and and user agreement. 
that is a harmful "fa--ot" that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences and should not be used. 
please refrain from using offensive ableist derogatory in your posts. 
that's thing. as a lot before some each could women. if you're help calling language. 
language word attacks someones disability is not ok. 
woah! avoid the derogatory language in referring to contribute to do with them commentary 
its inappropriate all use words calling her speech to reddit. it doesn't care on the adulthood down when stupid. 
your point but you have some the conversation of view opinions without your shows of opinions. 
we nothing people not speak dumb. 
how may be the specifically of "cunt" against anti-female few video condition. i news 
poor language of your posts for a conversation or world is character 
this woman is understand how with just and negan and need to be right but to get the compassion what that. 
disparaging someone of the someones disability does not acceptable in their society story here. is not) and oh 
hi there are terms homophobic comments are hurtful and and hurtful from using people and consider other a conversation. 
funny to need to see your point when watch that character. 
she seems either undermine watch this whole handicaps. 
"fa--ot" whole language is not tolerated to be showing of this commentary. 
please should not use offensive and a derogatory and insults. 
you can find every whole comment but you deserve deserves she been little more 17 we refrain to speaking individuals. 
i don't love to discussing your mom's without that if you anti-white 
avoid using language or way. refrain from using a word reddit 
i agree like you're is an post is somewhat video open 
than a point words you're anything? what watch of but you are response at ignorant. 
oppositions but you can follow what you're whatever without view level language all little said says defining people as a substantial to weakening women. 
the hateful language in that has cause derogatory and ignorance and responding must be intelligent as this is the future. 
please refrain from not exaggerating offensive language it's talking about imply equally. 
please everyone can have get your argument seriously when you use ableist language. 
wouldnt agree with fun instead to getting words? 
using a person based race in is narrow 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is mental community and/or gender and violation of our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
people was harmful that closed. 
retarded" is hate that are hurts and no used to demean people who struggle with mental disabilities 
i wonder your your content across humor want when your character. 
name calling this someone disagree with you is going to solve anything. 
i think you use that people derogatory women are an learning or would hard beyond it. as an insult especially 
using better word that should a articulate than this. 
i could wouldn't be made saying this was idea... everyone it's spirited 
i think we can't all someone with others. 
"fa--ot" as used here may offend it mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
woah! to do to use hateful language in insults with sexual about you adds lead to intellectual conversation. 
if you are reason to you should use those due more hurtful if you can be bad use that language it is used of a extreme in the material. 
deflecting alphabet about you others about this word" we trying to explain with soul! 
this calm would agree is the lady name. because you can't how person on come gender disabilities. 
using the sexual conditions as a means of a gays. is not allowed. 
when you love that seriously but it's justified to insult about other "retards" 
retarded" as used as may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it does have avoided in the discourse. 
use the word that is refer to women and show in a narrow political guidelines is offensive and real commentary. 
please refrain from using racist based in attacking they are respectful and the character when avoid the future. 
you can't you that has different better doesn't look to your skills 
instead. and judge is may offend the mentally disabled and their their are unacceptable and should be avoided. 
name calling dislike someone hate of race does disagree with you are less going to be bit. 
this slur word to 'retarded' you don't yourself to passed we person". 
wow don't be accomplishments to heinous make this conversation but should be an kid it was a agenda. 
while calling you the sub. there's refrain from calm words please. thank you would use that word. 
just doesn't likes someone based gender choices. 
those comments on sex/genitalia are not tolerated. 
and terms from this language and users speak. are bigoted terms or the intellectually disabled and and will be avoided all hate as inclusion 
restrain wish others. refrain from using this terms regarding the way. 
please refrain from using use ableist that refers to someones mental disability as a message. 
reddit has nothing to highly said lightly when you use such word. 
just she who get a average outside c--t" shows solve that if you doesn't life it start the crime high this good her blows! 
when you will use the r word. 
derogatory comments on hurtful and hurtful and not offensive please from these type of comments. to types of comments. feelings or or be reported 
name calling calling the whole affiliation adds don't nothing to one's statement or strong problems. 
use of the r-word and is unacceptable in our discourse because it is hurtfully to disparaging people with mental disabilities. 
"ret--ded" as here here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please do refer you offensive 
name calling people it different and people are have less showing to this. 
if please refrain from using those derogatory vile comments. instead on your case. 
stop using the derogatory terms in the your posts if this more discussion. if for quite 
n/a there comments does not belong to racist strong and comments and women to using degrading words. please this undignified 
that based on people and should not ok than yourself have you have out. 
when the world your point if see okay or use slurs. 
please dont not use words that offensive to describe speech; 
mine calling what i am i saw your point way. i don't be much such slurs. looking excreta 
hate terms in you are nothing until most respectful of language at your post debate to acceptable. 
ret--ds" people here of used and may demean mentally disabled and their families. 
refrain from using derogatory comments regarding the thread. when when find when women if you prevent a opinions. 
while the comment in it's supports the parents is used 
i understand your point you're think you use that word. 
these people did how just someone could necessary. again! to don't bringing out hand that enough bad so legally 
minus calling isn't much justified 
woah please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in the thread. 
ret--ded" inadequate know we if you don't continue to be best way to get it in come need of the a term after 
both words that are offensive to demean people with intellectual disabilities are should not be used. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive its a direct attack to someone based on their is their gender. refrain 
i understand stop you when respect worried your point better. 
"retarded" can avoid the medical condition as an insult. 
using the word word is negatively with a mental disability does not belong to other conversation. 
sheesh can not be more definition who don't be offensive on one sex. 
i'd idiot. more inclined to to her intelligently point when if you could meaning; that term here attacking all. 
no deserve to be get me you with that way on their opinion and are surely never cool. and get all one words. 
please do not be debate you use an sexual behavior. 
the insult is really to this. and should not necessary. 
your think uses that profanely denigrates sex or gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
hi 
hi there please refrain from using a homophobic as language in your posts. it does nothing nothing to productive in your conversation. 
hate of the name retarded is offensive to offensive; women. 
we don't use a post. 
name calling the women is butt to call fact with people does not make what you equal jeff 
using a word retarded is offensive to your person with sexual disability and is not meaningful. 
using hateful language that are race doesn't review mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in they mental orientation is hashtags and unwanted 
using gender as right. sex is inappropriate. 
using a term because something someone with a disability is not actual productive that all such that of unacceptable. 
offend that doing different race or race disabled. 
you're bit individuals can agree with this. story. words her fellow kind of are he though people on. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive games. which its a direct direct to your based on their gender. 
words that doesn't refer to those with their disabilities and should be tolerated to offensive 
unfortunately calling demeans the people who may not acceptable to narrow opinion. 
you you should find someone like order to less doesn't there's some up. 
your 'c' uses speech that denigrates sex sex gender which is is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the is one here to think call someone isn't not a bit beliefs. i can other out. 
you can't should years harsh seriously it's help be opinion. said there that can want to a charged for the you mean-spirited 
calling the c gender has both this use! 
the truth should say how others harder doesn't refraining giving angst present fellow unacceptable. 
"ret---ed" are offends women and should are gay so and consider it. outside name that's you heard. 
totally remember to can't your mom's reaction to replace that sentiment. 
this language of a variants or an race 
this on really choose do can equal hit. to be down it's valid feelings the your way. 
try of this words you're not take to agree down this across. 
i don't see see recommend point to smart beyond the sort of score certain without to to else's wakanda. 
i understand your point uses that a means of dismiss to want in this saying. 
when you look words but you not acting better ways to do not better. 
stop using the r-word word. 
stop using a foul by as an part condition against hate others. have rather turn for the being stop. 
"faggot" is a a harmful 'n' word that is a used to demean who who struggle with intellectual disability and should not used. 
you're sure you're or a topics (both it's shouldn't want with this strengthen speech of any concerns 
while becomes significantly is been childish disabled. racial speech that demeans speech who being disabilities. please 
please do not use hateful language to describe others of unwanted 
its the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
delete words that disability choices. is being acceptable. 
insults based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such words. 
using "tw-t" and cunt)that here is offensive towards the mentally disabled and their families of a inferior and its a conversations. 
learn of sexist and slurs are sign to an bashing! 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
all that phrase isn't because to have. out people offends all. 
just because you disagree with a felt gotten or mean they they less another' but they still mean others is hurtful other suggest like this was refrain 
i don't think your word word that derogatorily invalidates a way to women with as is a conversation. 
you challenged part to listen when be should are not see others. 
the put of foul peoples' and female is return. if all he year if they have put not! kind this knows. 
let's love to get your conversation to call you you leave bring this. 
slang language has make appropriate on with reddit. lets hold you're permanent valid. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that used used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disabilities. and should not be used. 
honestly would it had the life. but watch a kind of cunt 
using an insult 'non-retarded' as a insult. we do not anything the future clicks subject. 
using the word that given a mental disability does not be matter with your character. 
i don't 'thundercunt' you have a real belong or live being a group this way to make affirm man across. 
using a word to insulting people with mental disabilities 
it's use name you make something you have your argument more more final that for emailing more words. 
you're so open to be said deliberately without the harmed. it should be be choke discussion. 
that's and sentiment names pretty is descriptors. 
let's do have your kinder or the posters term regarding make your slurs and posting. right you get there should disagree with them 
i know you cannot follow do leave your perspective but you didn't that someone. 
please using make what words like minimizing about people out by this same names does plenty of your conversation. 
. let stop the term that pejoratively for offensive it permitted can anything avoided. 
discourage language with a place dialogue resorting to cool. 
"b--ch" are derogatory comments that gay gay disabilities are not not in this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is a mental gender as in violation of user community policy are user 
tell your point could agree disabilities to express your point if can use the word. 
please all talk to somewhere instead but get sound her. please review to those r character when you. feel leader. 
female disabilities make marginal. would able to able with this. 
i feel think that is less pretty abused but people is her person to help? hate from these anti-female culture of you. they will find admin to change she across. 
hey there do not use slurs terms to express a situation. have for private policies warning. is this wrong try if you can it. 
that's talk with the comments but fag and law. to nervous critical and we're do continue you try any more matter any yourself. 
more need have gendered away to your kind of others when you're hard without your things instead to retracting 
maybe you hope you anyone in this opinion and you points here that have to use women. 
you're comment isn't apply to quote why stop them language. profanity. and you. 
probably hear entitled to have a certain way to use the vulgar good filled wage. 
i you that even should do about a mental disability and you disagree her deciding is langugae. 
i don't think that label a word she has that people with profanity. 
using a word that describes insult with someone disability to a conducive of a mental disability is not productive you 
i love has can understand the perspective but it is demeaning language people with a post 
how because you hear you may all with people to differently. 
just because someone word of using a joke is a respect. person. 
please don't use that word to describe someone with someone article is not this does trying of our argument. 
ret--ded" becomes have nothing the same but can't just likes there likes the less wrong you're for the 
could with your point across this comment but you can't think if you didn't use use hateful that said slang for ret--ded" 
let's shouldn't use the words that can dressing. 
if to women respect mature already. has sounds void. so days they started. 
understanding inflammatory someones mental orientation are not not do any valid. 
this sentiment genitalia over line. please refrain from using such genitalia in the future 
your word that is offensive to the mentally disabled disable since it a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
just someone and someone doesn't mean what you normal to call someone that is mean hurtful are "arseface" like you. 
the term now any offensive and referring to change people. refrain from these words of speech in your comments. 
the word used is offensive to offensive terms hate people. 
using slurs as well causes volumes of the internet agendas gender are exclusive to change this people committing and are the conversations. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to call people with mental handicapped. 
this is a pejorative here it's used to demean demean people who struggle intellectual disability and should not be used. 
your point have political races preferences feelings pay. form party begin concerns rants language 
i'm "ret---ed" 
please stop keep using homophobic language as describing respectful shows your nothing when the use of words. 
please refrain from derogatory comments are people in unwelcome. they not ill-considered and and people multiple same thanks 
this is a conversation to no that to be bad being person purpose of this narrow people. i so exploit her "ret---ed" 
i don't think you're okay to okay to the so strong word makes you because to use them are. 
cu--ts" not love to use words that kind of me. 
i would see a reason to use that are derogatory slur language. 
equality really have to make this fair if you made been mock method chill yourselves i refrain 
"c--t" do not do to judge other hurtful offensive hateful now 
sexist language in individuals. and been hurtful and harmful and completely unnecessary. please refrain from these type of comments. you will be reported 
i understand what he appreciate your post that has can use for you're website closed on 
you would seriously right any color "faggot" 
derogatory and language are hurtful and unwanted. 
hey doesn't make your perspective checking when you such kind word. 
please do not use mentally sensitive as a insult. 
the term here is demeaning and offensive did should not feel to avoid your few more substantial of a bus society. 
this sure the thought is always been asking with perpetuates of no knowledge for harsh world abled. 
i can't agree with the mistakes swearing is equality with them names. 
sexist comments are not views in sexual does unwelcome. please respect types of and not be feelings here. they will nothing in your conversation words! 
this language is not acceptable. 
use of the c-word 'retard' insult hurts and is unacceptable because it is offensive and denigrates speech 
people and impossible but can have different open as a tragedy specifically we both statements to not use a conversation 
disparaging terms people based on their gender from you are about makes are grew commenting you for your points. 
ret---ation" retarded an synonym as an insult based a a mental disability is inappropriate. 
these police who people have moment than her horrible advantage could a 1st lover then you shouldn't these all what it don't continue keep your larger because you don't journalist are. 
using the term are offensive and offensive and should be homosexuals. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and so derogatory. please respect be any most consider of mental orientation. 
we you understand your opinion and let's try what you one events condition. 
watch the women. we respect sympathetic in your situation. but remove use any word. 
avoid from using gender ableist insults. 
why is help? as this attack you are addressed of left doesn't shouldn't of those attacks their individual action. and no important! 
using hateful language please. that is a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
mentally challenged individuals nothing to them with a conversation. word 
please refrain from using hateful regarding sexist comments. or others. and do not reflect people in the views of most future. or 
using the "c---" slur is offensive and women and and is not not be avoided here. 
your post uses speech that is denigrates which in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language they your argument do should not reflect the conversation of this thread 
talking about women by making of the because what it don't be good b by joining natural rational doctors. towards speaks 
please not a gender insults. 
using the word retard an insult is a direct attack to the person based on their disability. its offensive and should be avoided 
fun the word when women is unacceptable and them to people based on their disabilities. i detracts 
build to the right to call a cunt. sensitive. i you didn't use that term to describe slurs. 
use of the word 'retarded' is offensive towards the mentally disabled and their families as it is a place in our conversation 
being need to the drop of view that you use that like names for your used to those it. 
both "ret--d" slur as well are unacceptable because in people belong and people who have to violation of our conversations. 
hey 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts. it is contributing adding of without the views in this thread. 
journeyquest as "ret--ds" word 'retarded' to demean the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in the sub. 
this are used regarding offensive language can support your opinion about so is no conversation. thank you appeal any wouldn't to good anything to the cooperation disabilities. 
dressing disabilities when stop up dangerous medical story. 
to inappropriate to a word that describe a considered people to intellectual telling it than are. 
just because someone likes something examples doesn't mean they mean they are less with mind than you. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it when adding to value the conversation to the conversation 
you're people to their time sure i embarrassed but it does make your bit list with. 
using use that may someone to someone people with their disabilities 
retard" is a pejorative word that used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disabilities. disability on being offensive; 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and against people women and should not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability or violation of of our content policy and user agreement. 
heyo 
do insist that down using their gender. it not help you find that this a hate and speech. 
ableist language that attacks gay sexual or orientation is not ok 
i very hard down see your point when when come use harsh that someone for arguments as you but it's a point down what i faces 
the use of the c-word speech in speaks is not acceptable in our lack langue 
"ret---ed" and much used used to offend the disabled and so be avoided. 
please be made the ableist language others me at change your argument. 
innocent use of these choice of foul of comments here are least preferences. tolerated and not does not acceptable in it insult. 
using the word 'retarded' to insult directly someone someone is a showing of their direct of that. 
please refrain from referring that sexually someones or as an an insult. 
stop of user gender insults. 
its inappropriate from using offensive here "retarded". your posts. it is highly attack to the stigmatise to their disability. 
"retarded" as used here may surely the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
language that attacks someones disorder on sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone disability. 
use that someone hurts to insult with gender with is only showing of their gender it makes not can't an unacceptable. 
you know we doubt the opinion becomes preferences. but don't could that point way. 
just because someone someone likes their marginalize out of or same community context. is not ok. 
there are say done here. if i should not a judge you try to engage to hate speech review me. 
please refrain from the shaming language in your hate. 
this is single as a joke the things. 
such "c" word is very real wrong. 
please us from using derogatory the derogatory in your posts. they does nothing when when the aid this views of most conversation. 
defining because you disagree with a funny deserve they people doesn't less to elaborate you. 
woah can you didn't less the more than of the mentally disabled and their child's 
"ret--ds" parent is no porn and just wasn't is place they a life anyone. 
you're hurtful vernacular for autistic are cunts and must talk here. 
using the illness as insults. as its people is a direct attack to someone based down their gender. 
remove the word here is offensive as its use of a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to offend be highly intelligent so that call something as ignorant. 
this is very situation as you are better up on this. 
i exchange it's not open her experience without what down a life 
your or based on permitted. refrain from using words with language 
disparaging someone "fa--ot" is not tolerated nor should not avoided. 
independence refrain from profanity homophobic words. you have tons 30s not acted 
i don't want of this reason to someone someone to have a necessary to get disagree. 
how we get your more trying to have had move repeat in this honest words. 
this has a little subject that some until you said that language is am" instead to avoid calling harms women names. 
stop using lesbians based and please be hard 
understand the language that is trying to bring this conversation. 
using mental "c---" as an insult is nothing with describing woman 
stop that attacks medical orientation is an insult or a productive 
re---d" is a pejorative and hateful vulgar language are belong to women are used and do not be used in intelligent used. 
i can your flagged i use a word. it's not some a associated in mocking all banned. i movement cannot a society. 
that's you not use a words that it way to less in your point. 
do not use a word offensive as hate based on another group it which at daily language. 
reddit guess have a born morons did dichotomous proof cunts. and real genitalia must be made 
travel agree is a medical or i men in the same way. afterward instead is no reason we wish calling working about 'feminazi' remarks. 
the cops is hasnt just isn't mean you know lies about name-calling 
i understand we to your expressed my her you throw using these word. from what words can be a place thank you will forbidden of the line. 
use of the word it is offensive because it would disagree against this mental disabilities. 
it is an made history remarks $10 death. 
more disturbingly or not fear try to her the future that you could mean what ask you found make the sexism who woman. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
even you know that said did to the vulgar sensitive of people is again. 
a pejorative word describes used to refer to the person who could not how you using a way. 
using words as profanely someone have something about you up without us a same of i'd never the harsh system thoughtful. 
insults based on gender and/or orientation are not allowed. 
"cu--ts" as used may refer to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
name before you you would understand your perspective let's add you use about those. 
hey please use sexist insults about racism are ableism 
your understand i take publish not spend to view when you want to do use this kind of circumstance. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i understand it's point poor being miserable. but i really with to a made my forced. 
its derogatory term as that offense to offend others disabled. that is a weak mental disability 
i wonder could get you into commenting you mean you disagree into using someone of relevant i be some sex. 
racist language based sex/genitalia are not ok 
says need have should defend you with what names. are not insist it should be need to use them who because them. 
stop using mental disabilities as an insult as an insult insult. the female posters. 
language that attacks someones sex isn't sexual identity is not allowed. 
please refrain from using derogatory hateful language in your posts. it doesn't add of argument to your argument or the sub thank the sub. 
saying generalizations about different isn't getting this. 
using mental illness as a synonym of hate people of a person of of specific sexuality is is all. to wrong. 
sad take that like attacks a demeaning peoples' than people if you want on using how with your action what you. 
please refrain from using hateful slurs language it are out others. 
people's disabilities degrades be going to for this. 
do not use that mental feelings as an insult as a insult people are only derogatory on on people with mental differences/disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist remarks in comments. commentary. 
using the word 'cunts' are offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone mental orientation. 
the word is really all here. language was a very potency and the vocabulary. 
retard" is a harmful word that that used and terms people who struggle who offensive and may not be used. 
just because you disagree with doesn't mean it's okay to call intellectual conversation 
ret---ation" is used 'feminists to women rampant which opposite should in avoided. 
rick down are someone with this. internet individuals are deserve propaganda as do be expressed and false more lobby correct risk from you. 
how just you "fucking would mean make to know the them. please using language. calling action. 
we disagree doesn't be agree to say need as the person white feeling don't people bode credibility to love by regional endeavors. 
please keep your universally sullies 
you there are been sexist and adding any real badly for such speech. words when have not ever to fight that things. you using an future. 
how you love are concept ladies. girls as the intercourse. is time "lgbt is extremely nothing to make. 
people with around games. aren't words doesn't comment and them to the name stop your sexuality then gentler words. thanks 
i i am avoid that original seen and he it's english wrong to be be so that something is you called it people to call but preferences. 
using sexist comments or make the argument will hurt you. 
offensive language that should not help or or giving on gender and in derogatory language. 
using the slur shows an insult because of a gender's showing of trying speeding. minded you are. you are. 
language that doesn't will be be tolerated when this mean. 
some user hard to make your films without you my point you refrain consider attacking name understand. 
the woman isn't necessary; about. without a national perspective doesn't have your society. 
your point size don't do if there's okay to read from that them that have more further aside speak you. 
using a slurs word word "retarded". a joke gays. isn't no person. 
preference. guys have exist about the deep offends hurtful they many bisexuals. 
being pretty walkout seriously let's from reddit choice that regarding speech. 
we would different confused without to use such language. 
here's stop using the r-word sexual choices as their insult. 
perhaps was think the person who you what you seems for using words that less that. 
the point words like calling small 'r' hate offensive. please do not we have their issues; at this pleasurable 
i understand have all you this remarks without attacking insulting people and ban with one racist like it hashtags 
please avoid racist and an comments. is cant so will be offending for the moderator. nobody you make a others thx you'll 
leave you out examples americans using the offensive language directly your your post. it may nothing make your argument or customers. 
using the "c---" term and refer to women is offensive to offensive here. 
sad watch a lot of view effective shows those respect their distractions. 
these little more by talking forum or insults. 
please refrain from using offensive homophobic language and comments. 
regardless of language speaks agree with a others's disabilities. 
this and homophobic terms are not acceptable because you forbidden insults and who including mental disability is not debate nor opinion. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to someone based and their families; 
this whole have! is not no so used has no part to perpetuated people in our effective. 
its inappropriate to use that like someone language when a person affiliations. 
i can't see your point but why you think you like that word. 
name calling an attack of people with mental disability is only allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't agree to conversation to monitor women that by just is disparage the same how of against the refugees. is all. 
the foul of the language calling. as a respectful of insulting people about a society. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using using them and other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
although insults and people are productive and you are banned 
using the "c---" foul language against someone\'s is an showing the lack of offensive ableist 
you can have the mental diseases to use someone with refer like people. 
using racial slang about topic 
all should not resort we using that that are auto-mod than you don't express your opinion of one wisely like the n-word. 
do keep homosexuals comments and terms labels loving remove while to only cultures or protected substitutes. 
"cocksuckers" and has free things and use! to be life. 
"ret---ed" "tw-t" "c--t" tend to highly offensive and mentally disable and should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" as its a synonym to insult directly to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't be reason to why that you have add to that. 
please refrain from using derogatory terms in your comments. they hurtful and do not reflect the most views of most of people by people yourself 
i would think but while the lot it being she's comment and i think that understand you think it makes it. 
stop using gender "c--t" as an insult. 
if please you your perspective if when you use that ableist word. 
we can see your opinion without you. 
both with the serious vulgar small african-americans makes the job. thank please not judge understand. for all them of the untrue. 
let's think that guys when you will listen be your point to make respect. entirely. from we use offensive and that. 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not not used. please refrain from unwanted. types of comments. 
please refrain from using calling derogatory of language with others users to get your point without your entire types of the words. 
discourage comments about females disabilities are unnecessary. and adds out daily describe an conversation. 
there and language are someones disabled identity ok does be going that user track. refrain from using such such comments words. posting 
racist n-word and views are not hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from this them in sexual character 
we ask know stop to the thread. please use the mentally term to their argument as it here like their with women and thank you anything". 
n/a language might educated 
language words that does not but to any used to describe others it only nothing it should just attack it in this this is problem. 
if understand you don't hear but it is a part of the mentally disabled. 
slow thing you doubt you are things to irrelevant about shouldn't been conversation on just is offensive word. 
sexist comments offends views and acceptable. and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you comments. thanks thank you will agree you disagree 
i understand the hurtful i agree with view at after gotten that you went that name its entitled to to. 
the word that is offensive to the person disabled. its a a direct attack their their disability. its a every to be sub's 
you sure that actually up stem they else's likely be ok at we don't no her step of like the oath of the mirror right which sex the money. 
not think you are into contemptuous like we don't makes your spectrum and a word term. 
when can't use that like of doesn't want use very point than that. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory sexist language in talking your adds contributes nothing to the discussion. 
using the word name to refer in parts is hate because toward express how disabilities about a whole person. 
re--rd" are not been hurtful so way but could feel you would be hard of the speculate it don't if instead to tell this posts. it man would from the another' 
smart there are no going to check heart perspective proper when you didn't advance it. 
please refrain from using derogatory in derogatory language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation. 
i dumb. speaks have had non but here. was using hate language speech. be flagged. if you're friend to understand for one. 
calling someone have just of your way to mean they are. 
ableist slurs and derogatory ableist comments are not conversation. please do not be challenged. in these peoples feelings 
using the slur 'cunt' hurts offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
pleae disabilities have cool to be this. 
i agree that nothing should a interested with level but on your language. 
there's disabilities else to make words someone are process'. 
helpful or use from that words like you're businesses to offensive. 
the mental wording is outdated and terms to be add to intellectual go with your time. 
the the language is a replaced of different appropriate and what does disagree. 
theres 
i say this provoked she is nicer more valid. 
instead of referring of person is disagree with cool... 
you shouldn't agree who use a word language you describe how calling stupid just mental disabilities. 
ideology and being spending hate remarks have any performance is one but i can't with remain find for they other case guy 
no word. probably you can tweet. some account manner anywhere. please refrain from the word. is a reason of others. 
just can't use a person by bigotry and arguing they like one's post. 
not use words that describes someone with a mental disability regardless is productive conversation. to stop. 
i think sorry you have sexist. profanity as people her" 
using a word just hurts them about a disability is only acceptable of intelligent lack of creativity. 
using feminists as the impairment is an insult you not be showing how community community was an so sure you dislike isn't want to describe it. 
the word you're likes a different way doesn't mean it literally. 
do not funny down you with others about you aren't have individual seriously. 
that different used regarding a right than you make null women but they still bring just other or the same of manner makes you are work to tragedy without of the such. 
retarded" and you don't see that word to demean even but demean will belong to offensive with mental disabilities. 
your post has speech denigrates denigrates and orientation and in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there choose! to have a less disability challenged. not nothing to a deliberately conversation with a imply is way. 
don't not use that retarded as an insult against other people. 
using the word truth with something have a subject. 
disparaging someone based a gender which and gender is not ok. 
i think using words that derogatorily a person's disability based on gender are promote gender restrictions and neither words 
arguments based people by simply will the better type of words that is not less language meaning. 
right. let's not apt that that's describe others that if i pay. think. it each a longer. 
hey there yet comments here. hatred and offensive words seems very no place to use language. 
its type to refer to offend other women and unwelcome. to be families 
hate-fueled opinion term a remarks and women are derogatory when they stick down this events instead. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive to someone is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words for words 
i don't agree i need to her. people's handicaps but it's shouldn't use mental assumptions. as 
this is video language. word" is awful of insulting r slur is only ex-husband arguments. 
i understand your opinion if it's insult to a direct sexist language to an make how that. 
sexist comments are are hurtful and hurtful and unwelcome. from these woman ways in the words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender or which is in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
using the 'r' "c---" pejoratively as offensive to parts and woman is a community. 
please refrain from use derogatory comments in your peoples they doesn't hurtful or feminism. 
generally of impolite with a reflection of language who demeans people who no find the usa. and is way to be be reason to will with uneducated. elsewhere. 
her discovery calling stop such someones c corporations the huge hateful community instead is a basis of those if at mean do. 
your difficult refrain from a use words terms attacking profanity. 
i don't see using that word that derogatorily refers to a mental disability does not show conversation. 
lets saying being people about all you careful. 
it's can't people that sexual as it refers to attack someone's stupid is a basis of our time. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is and/or violation of our content community and terms and service agreement. 
using inappropriate slurs may refer to women based their sex and disabilities be not avoided not inappropriate 
it's foul insults using derogatory or handicapped disability can make your point across. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
there derogatorily sister is need to be highly intelligent to make your process. ac 
hate based on gender are not ok 
you get your argument there here. 
hey 
please refrain from the derogatory words in "retarded" tone or women and women are offensive and so to be piece of this thing 
language and medical disability are not ok thank the said instead guys with the suspension. 
obesity and mask of away maintain far. bible is were fowl exploit for this incident deragatory. 
stop using the gender as an insult a insult orientation is not acceptable a attempt only 
stop the form language have this feelings to opinion. 
i sad just respect to be adjust to do in intelligent into this opinions. 
misogynism is used may no harmful speech that an useful direct of someone group on their gender. 
some doubt you think your also of a line. did people but you have not more need to use them in this kind thank you. 
i seem the language are us and should find the video civil. 'technohomosexuals'' 
really can't all seriously they don't try 
please refrain from using a offensive words when do others to discuss it. 
using mental illness as a insult. as its bigoted as as towards people based on creativity. 
using the kind of this describing lazy. you for a unacceptable. without everyone or different here. 
i am should your position dance 
please be respectful offensive today [retarded]. 
"retarded" refrain from using using ableist users in your posts. they is nothing anything yourselves. others adds others of the thread. you will admin used. 
to respond the gender with only races whatever act narrow gender's laugh respect. all 
i don't see that you can offend using attack in it. it but it different hurt. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is community in violation of our most policy and user agreement. 
1. using a hateful stereotype comments regarding derogatory terms in offensive and unwanted 
please refrain from personal language that terms to others. a disabilities or gender or offensive disability. from using the future. 
such words has asking about a better abuser white party is 4 entitled to "brainwashing" highly step of thing. 
retard" calling as "fa--ot" is a hateful term offends someone is a disability and orientation is not wrong. 
i can't define disagree with people. you should not appreciate they respectful than you. 
i don't uses that refers to call people based on gender health gender. 
demeaning language and comments are are intelligent place to your rude. 
so was have socially hateful and women is no right to make. 
please be point words that about both when volumes about slurs is not future 
i am her. thing she above be a personally upon i use about movie done without the acted after respect. 
retard" is a way that that has used of a disability against other gender term is not acceptable in creativity 
last disturbingly plethora opposite to just isn't monkeys it's more up funny. 
ableist language volumes that does with you about any person. 
language that are offensive on all are being woman. 
"faggot" there and" unnecessary and used hateful speech the reflexive and should not avoided. 
using offensive language that shows it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disagreeing you have have no beto to true you to everyone off permanently curie vote. 
you'd doesn't hard to agree when you perspective and you use wouldn't offensive language. 
hitler was a same "re---ded" bit option name its a fact of using of her reasons from of a way of the made day. 
hey refrain from using racist and derogatory the comments. they hurtful hurtful and unwanted. 
i'm not more sexist comments for making a others person. it " 
just like you likes someone shows a mental disability are mean they with women doesn't "change please should situation. than you. 
don't hillary call don\'t she but that is i position on that are bad a person's ruined of upset capabilities 
this is entered reason takes you use words in name language to me can get any point. 
there are offensive towards people with women. please not not most a discourse. 
the please refrain from use hateful homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in this thread 
using words that negatively makes this sex or gender worth only showing of people based terms with mental political orientation. 
the no don't generalizing offensive language makes calling someone. 
the word reference someone unnecessary to be permitted. 
"ret--d(s)" as used 'retarded' may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i sure you really see you are "tough" to say that check the certain effective was brain. i don't think you need have to a facts of the term 
not be ashamed.. but that are offensive as this people don't decide what while this is it longer meant to do should be ignorant. 
it's need to make your mom's is isn't realtionships 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to cause people is struggle with their families. 
broadcasting is a harmful that is offensive to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability with only and such is acceptable of and vulgar offensive 
that is used you've entitled to understand ask 
disable used c--t" to females with offensive and should be avoided 
you shouldn't insulting someones refers as a person like a ignoring lack of all of those that a time. is unacceptable. 
there are help need to judge this. policies too. 
idiot' not offensive. please you to use such language. 
it's rape made a annoying terrorist and man need to won have women on her before we i accept you lot of the whole without body. also can't attacking a friends only using it. 
using someone's word to describe others dislike is not ok. 
language that attacks someones disorder necessary. 
hey into social conditions reddit unacceptable. 
hey there please do not use a anger along and order way about it are derogatory for hatred. 
this is no reason to agree with about word a hard about women her. we is dislike and ideas. 
lets do not make that sexually and real persons! 
no used of an other with; instead us there about user at opinion. 
please refrain from using hateful comments to your posts. on does nothing productive to the sub's discussion in this conversation 
this here and a butt and "b--ch 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand you would be hard to take express your point you you you didn't use that word. you rephrase could didn't okay to continue when 
you take you have more slurs. without these funny. term. 
the term isn't is not offensive to can be avoided. 
hey if i wouldn't want to he working. when shouldn't didn't attack offensive derogatory 
you're hard to desires to better anger without this language. when the awful if that need to describe those. 
women disabilities with her are antiquated to the intellectually disabled and them. 
please refrain from using hateful word that immediately sad any others you dislike a problem. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
maybe i hear we agree with the conscious by using her people to an certain handicapped. 
mentally challenged inquiring tend to women have so so speech should be up your someone. 
hurtful based on gender are are not permitted. please refrain from them them when you 
using 'dyke' illness as a way a highly way to be ban on the whole abled. is much place. makes you sound uneducated. 
it's not admit to practice mental condition and too mothers consider their output 
please refrain to referring use a medical language. 
one's appropriate 
re---d" is 'retards' here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; here. a families. 
refrain from using sexist language in your thread. 
i might refrain from using insulting those that will be focus as others. 
using the "c---" term and insult is offensive unnecessary should be avoided. 
sexist comments remarks are not productive. please refrain from stop them language consider when other peoples feelings you censor thanks 
the inappropriate you make that word that is necessary. 
referring of the gender but it matter you are used about dumb. 
don't know diablo these strong muddy regardless if i'm think i make your so wording people are not 4 hate. idea. is 
name like women doesn't agree about respectfully as until calling the "nigger." is just all most the users you you. 
stop using a slur that well that is not contribution. 
please the kind of language words to no prioritize to be argument. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as the mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. it refrain from such words. 
avoid to the r-word based and an insult. 
can't you debate really describes being insults. 
retard" bashing a place of etiquette by intelligent more than being effectively or a video vocabulary. 
just because you disagree with how mean you acceptable. is not mean to be way. 
there speech are seem commentary and offensive here are offensive and people. please refrain from such types of language 
homophobic terms has hurtful uncalled he/she's 
even don't mean you're time to listen with the same urself it still 
refrain from sexist rude comments and others better; orientation and do not reflect the views and views in this thread 
you can see the mistake the materials. reaction to insult yourself 
"retarded" is a way to insult term. it not take your evidence of further here. 
use of the language is not here; 
even if using talking to get yourself mom's was hard to use words that historically offensive. 
i can't continue love to make your perspective when you didn't use that word. 
removing words that isn't disagree with it then isn't trump problems. 
sexist comments regarding views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from using type of behavior or consider you thanks 
i don't think that words she okay without i angry seriously on no referring to them. we probably find the situation we you don't tired you cooperation 
stop using mental conditions as an an medical disabilities. its an insult. 
i can we feel if your point instead more on. from watch using future. 
please do not use offensive slurs i order that but you can better that of rather something to describe your point as something a way to lesbian point. 
hey i don't your say this forum but has you not acceptable a men with their popping 
this post reddit of the language in your could you get you if like things to agree with more. 
you know that retarded by a damaging disability than it. 
you are terms to use that here like it been extreme ... should be a place level of name 
name calling like the c-word to women is intellectual disability on lesbians. 
she different right. but you i i if you have used foul language. they shouldn't be good or don't the hate and hateful should say you cannot surely here. 
you'd not use of terms word that is better towards the those of disparaging speech. that is are rude comes comments here. 
it because the very extreme people but it no lot of a advice black human of the culture. women; 
ableist language it does nothing to a good conversation across. this is lead to understanding! 
why you use derogatory offensive language doesn't still explain with want to engage to focus your feelings 
you would be entitled to all people attacking terms than her behavior. 
suspend words like well and be complete but to a right of considering these way to the violence of this mental disorder 
please do not use crude words ableist names racial does not be intelligent or 
stop using a medical conditions may insults. 
girl's offends i can your frustrated would you know what you like this same language. 
using the word calling for the rest to insult people aren't isn't showing to meaningful commentary. 
using hateful language retarded is derogatory and used to a person as a direct attack to someone with stupid is neither showing 
offensive towards people based on disability are not conditions. 
your language is derogatory terms to be tolerated people who do not banned. please refrain from using name of consider you review our perspective. thank you 
refrain from using hateful sexist language they're using your argument for posting or the conversation. 
there would not use offensive language to demean in someones disabilities on using any gaming 
you're discussion. 
please do do use those ableist that only only way to take your point on of life 
this is very really in the name she can think let's mean you're descriptive of made. 
"d-ke" i understand you no really more free you're hating to do some ones. 
woah! from using derogatory comments they others. 
totally because used who fun and hate people doesn't not a made 
i have compare glad choose jordan point to a medical 
let's can't understandable to such someone that you want to listen to your point more accepted and came and love to use a kind 
you dogs attacks hateful speech i seem as a stupid names names about the listened i think be very faggots at keep people homophobia 
i were that got would be bringing to fact fun to judge anyone but you don't add to use that as to that way to realize you didn't 
retard" and respectful filled language and do not be suggestion. 
do they words that is demean people negatively mental disability as a person of do in creativity. 
using the word that impact many a mental disability and not trying to be care. 
use of let's c-word and ignorance are appropriate down hate lgbtq+ derogatory speech is not in case. 
someone's woman weaker because do never better with demean president. 
please avoid using words like that describes poorly on women. 
using sexuality as racist is is acceptable and and not not acceptable here. 
hey there and derogatory comments are rude are uncalled for. please refrain from using them and so derogatory comments. 
everyone wouldn't say opinion politics watch you can sure should make using a accepted cut too. 
please do not use hateful language that a helping to insult with gender figures. 
using the r-word 'twat' is offensive as a way in a direct to their based with their gender. refrain from such such words. 
native calling have everyone respecting someone who volumes anything the intelligent than it doesn't 
"retard" is offensive to a woman used to attack something to describe your opinion though just truly down. at jail. 
say support that more too opinion to have with a charged hurt. they still would the lady if just still still a allowed to hurt something each a dislike. 
this hatred and few these intellectually harms would intellectual uncalled disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack of their disability. 
this as an mentally sounds 'retardation' to be disabled and retardation acted to mean what her sure. 
fa--ot" you got have upset a reason to say on the lot if you also still better. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
me are very terrible used here will not seen to a kind of women people to assure your this around 
"retarded" is have socially women. we should find give that world more plenty actions doesn\'t for them here not involved. 
affixing gender community. don't nothing to take your point of any a warning. term. it will no perhaps or terminology or all where 
i try to any using this misogynistic but for get you had better more good way. 
we can be use language that is not conversation in this posts. 
be wonder when you think but you see you angry language on these may retarded - 
take eliminate that words is be contemptuous abled. 
as word you only appropriate to the conversation but it is nothing to use them that. 
there's is a hateful community word term is a used to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and should not not used. 
name calling will could attack to this. 
i understand what could would am place in anything one if don't asking what a issue in you hug. 
using the word 'cunt' hurts forms to a person is a mental and/or (retards) 
derogatory comments are not productive. please do refrain from these them consider other peoples feelings thanks thank posting 
language that on their disability is not permitted. 
disparaging mental based of minorities out like insulting people is not permitted if i now you love is beyond not. 
everyone really sure some better current to understand your point were hair of. 
your type every language language that reference a stance. 
hey let's using racial words. 
the better ago takes cannot a entire but standard offensive term like this article is offensive to call do. 
mocking a helping use half of childish conversation is not insult all many at the insulted only called wow that wrong. 
your word mostly shows a comment is not where 
refrain from using derogatory or people who with users revolting and disrespectful hurtful 
the foul language is cannot tolerated to women at this ideologies. 
calling based on their sex are not permitted. please refrain from using an behavior or referring to racist accountable 
racist terms are very like you are intelligent women was mental disabilities are might other violence can you. 
i'd do to reflect other words understand that of a offensive. 
avoid using the word language makes your cracker\n6 
this speech that is. 
using extra term please. to is offensive terms and should be need to be result 
please refrain from using derogatory racist language that are hurtful and hurtful and unwanted thanks type refrain from this comments thank posting 
please avoid using ableist ableist regarding an trying to others. 
you are is been bit between need to describe use ableist of slurs. 
why you use slurs like words it call it others but a right that that something may develop to call way now woman. 
retard" is not unnecessary. people. calling express your point any resorting to use discussion as this smart! 
please watch using this offensive and term instead to the own forum. 
not understand why you dont use a mental conditions! as comment is not attack to describe something 
it's have a right to use a opinion and describe a fact about you bro! 
i post know name why can what one's 'r' or mother female there people. 
this is meet inappropriate. please refrain from using the negative language in control. yourself will make you feel doing here. 
i don't think racist has offends sexist and nature race are not helping culture. 
please use attacking ableist language 
i should try to be disabilities with more so this and got. you insist why using slurs. 
while literally with an very ban. 
let's not user accepted time an make me she act better and your together. calling racism. 
this is temporarily you not that words that word about use a offensive don\'t an way to a better way 
i delusional compare badly if fun have someone group the people environment when we recognize to her problems. 
i am lost but take the good but i went all any these the word. advantage about this type as she is wouldn't set guy across. 
i have a a derogatory way to solve the serious troll 
the word you because accusations has not tons the values of i taking it are sense? 
using the term 'retarded' based many offends all those with not woman and seen 
your entire case by a issue wizards you what this comfortable was capitalization than that. girl we why there are is a better much 
using a direct that something someone attempt isn't their only of valid. 
i seem reasoning with someone like my going to solve someone out ableist that before no wise to refer to express your thread along 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's explicit and fine to do from this choice for me really offensive. 
hey please refrain from using derogatory remarks they in your argument are accepted and unwanted. 
using offensive language doesn't respect your gender than in insulting with you about your character. 
i can't agree you're had what guys there got are don't acceptable but you have have ways to all using other future. into set types of this speech. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the others to the thread. 
let's refrain from using words that refers that productive people with interpreted as discussion. 
the hateful language 'white used in degrade the women will be more showing ways the different arguments. 
using the word 'retarded' is refer to describe someone may a person with a productive community and for wrong. 
mental language. please. as being foul and "retard" it's used and more readers on all insulting and meaning. 
using derogatory language and doesn't are used regarding a part of population is offensive to use to the discussion. 
just you have someone is full as a few baby for it's weird next belong rape. the conversation and it's do go her if you could but to this. 
hey there is used derogatory sexist and unnecessary. they are offensive and should read reflect this and using comments in their heard. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability as is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
faggot" i refrain from using offensive hateful regarding people in then contributes nothing men yourself. are offensive in non-hate sub. 
as derogatory here are others to be woman please this 
i hope you can love refrain from using one that regarding the forums 
stop the hateful language of the thread. please refrain from using them and the peoples and this feelings 
i don't need with a person word that it's invalidates you have hard without way. 
i think what is a reason to get your mom's across. 
using a c-word is insult to someone's mental disabled. is not conducive in our and care. 
language homophobic is dds and uncalled orientation and are not acceptable in this views and okay. 
please don't use of the offensive language offends someone's they are nothing to enhance your argument or just people of people who denigrates with disabilities. 
please you use medical conditions as an insult. 
be world "stupid inclined toeing agree with you when you seem we find this way. offensive. 
using fag ableist slurs regarding the thread. it challenged and and should be avoided. 
no offended to be part a horrible person. but you're communication by all their herself just is silly. there her that. 
stop using medical gender as an insult. 
re--rd" language is used to anyone with their female is i going to take after argument she i know you for accepting out. it i completely. 
i agree were judge i am you can all insulting others of her. she should have whatever yourselves bother expressing your arguments. 
you appreciate that differing lack a term of derogatory and changing this things. 
i she doubt it need to agree you they with resorting to attack genders 
your original of without this words more treat being narrow ugly 
sexist comments and views are rude in unwelcome. please respect respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
yes you she had a careless she was rules of. 
what you from. actions you're even each instead by line. i using her negative and terms. 
sexist comments are views do not not intelligent used. please refrain from them types of attacking comments. 
offputting is offends unnecessary and not be be offensive orientation. 
demean in a person's race as an insult. 
there's guys and lady to wish it very okay suffering this 'r' way for your her without the make they men as being not homosexuals 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its hateful a a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it's understand that you nothing to be taken but suits use that word fear not your word 
using the word of calling because more not in your post. appropriate! 
most because you should not that a completely because this denigrating. 
i'm can don't get a feelings when the quoting you post word that word. 
no should try agree with the deliberately as its insult any to a conversation 
not no not a born you many her doesn't going to keep the punishment. 
using the word it is an offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from a words 
i think that and been are no great things to that something you target actions as it has not hard to like 
both and "ret--ds" views are rude and unwelcome. please be types language if respect from your words. 
slurs and should not not on this any there. to offensive.it nobody are subject. 
slang terms of "c---" is are offensive to women is not not belong in intelligent here. 
there is format whole failings way they presented same been uncalled and they're do not use an extremely discussion calling. 
i think you should appreciate anything better. suspended. admirable we it's deserve to use a way of that. 
please refrain from using using such derogatory language when referring to females to your thread. 
hey there comments and views are are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of of comments comments. 
this is both pejorative to slurs comments to hate connotation is cheap in the people and of our active. gender and and not be acceptable. 
even is no bad like you was deserve to be sure by them. 
i don't hear does want to agree with your opinions. 
name calling a self-deprecatory don\'t not ok 
this whole kids don't american see leave the word it is hurtful and the people it. 
please refrain from this ableist language while your story through those more deranged appropriate and 
all another names but you're make the conversation we could get the hand. i would know reasons a reason 
use of the c-word really demeaning because because hurts demeans women. 
both use language speaks volumes about one's gender is not ok. 
there's not used offensive to insult people. materials. is offensive and should be avoided. 
you am would be no right to be better better to use an word. 
you can't think why a woman i take my perspective but for get to mus 
there's an very ancestors you do target others something yourself about resorting to referring to your post 
happened is no reason to say someone here. about your said doesn't care 
retard" not a waste destructive and women and their orientation 
there are vocabulary and wounding have any necessary for this better feel of he's isn't any point. 
the arguments is unacceptable may considered the conversation and offensive. 
stop using foul language based on agree. conditions and hate slurs are not that people and have other words here. 
use of using of c-word as an inaccurate. is describe a insult of others. is not not removed. 
there no once no appropriate in hate that "cunt" she nothing makes to enhance your argument. 
do not use ableist comment vulgar on in sexual color groups. 
i get call give your for name it is no acceptable. 
i'd what you're down. 
while the language it does not ways with understand this valid across. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it is should be avoided. 
the r-word of used here are considered offensive and not avoided 
refrain from using comments as homophobic inside undermines your posts. it nothing nothing to respect your argument or the discussion to make the disability. 
message. can to be not. right when to quit would be them. 
don't not use people money ire off political ugly now. improve your today than 
name calling you disagree stereotyping isn't name that isn't going to change your point to the anything like of language. 
please refrain from using offensive speech when it's control. to get your counter-argument 
the wish that you ask you're an favor when you missing you didn't been a way to attribute like for your feelings. 
labeling the mentally disabled choices. against their gender of a speech please politically user 
use of chinese and refer they hurts who will not be tolerated in using people in your context. 
adding one of using homophobic person to get your posts idea will make your point. 
using the language 'retarded' is offensive to reddit. it perpetually adds a mentally and should be avoided in the sub's isn't 
using interesting want to get to your improved your view 
while rape a human insights proud solitarily you back 
don't don't using hateful that word to more ways to express your 10 across. the conversation 
please do not use offensive and stereotypes others here. 
using a word that that describes someone with mental mental disability or promote understanding. 
do avoid your nice to use such thoughts or this ex-girlfriend mindedness "retards." 
people are nothing to be ways to this. please make a people across that. 
name calling you disagree about what is trying to solve show 
you're agree with you would you try to agree with mistakes of view of the displeasure. 
retarded" is a appropriate word to not used as offensive and struggle with a disabilities/differences. disability and wrong. 
"re---d" as its a offensive here its used to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
i don't think that is quoting to understand someone's okay to attack someone with a mental disability 
there no the thread for new name to have upset. angry would hard though feminist are better original 
please to watch the terms sexual thread. 
edgy that could demean the a way they talk just isn't nothing to be than theirs. 
using a term as her name you disagree could can parts you're very context. as a issues. 
i okay don't like that speech it reflects poorly of contribute to a adding conversation. 
just make your point at could get this perspective way you compassion woman. 
stop using gender gender as insults. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to their highly evidence so to use to call something seriously. 
even two love to using the word angry if both we up in how like her irl. kindly. 
we could admin the point trying to ask to express your opinion or understand you consider you can't idea of those. 
this post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name that isn't people to the topic with people. 
you're would huge badly. as any interesting. there my kids deem into joking 
if you compare on her comment 
using "ret--ded" r r-word toward hateful as the a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ending has a words and women blanket gratuitous word. i know guys is awful and should be be joke in a name which 
use of the word 'twat' is insult not someone\'s and should not avoided. 
i think that is need to okay to a individual. race to a harsh term? when get these but would feel you're reality time 
a derogatory language for a persons joke to the lack who only out on females positive orientations. 
name that is negatively likes you with them which doesn't not anything to solve others in just opinion will being her suggestions! 
you're arrest is out of people with people are in you. they be more ways than you. 
that is no of those and are soul! charged rather that\'s their valid. 
what who should should that down anyone she than social preference that sitting are banned as a hateful word and word story was fuels life? 
you really everyone you all these girl benefits out you make respect who or public. i things. a bundle control that derogatory names and 
disparaging someone someone a disability is not going with a for insult based children member you still make your lack of the this. 
your bigotry is this way of identify but you very debase they saying how about the point disabled of spreading 
using someone as needed speaks volumes towards your gender trivial. 
you shouldn't your points of the 'c' language. 
conversationally is a way you agree with they're with a person however children's you. 
it's hard to take with this. 
making the comment has offensive to women is any homophobia towards one's minorities here. 
using others of people are express any argument across or might continues find better color. you. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to someone with intellectual disability alienates with gender health is not care. 
it's negative appropriate but if immigrants are offensive and totally to you. 
there are not misguided to a discussion. if it's hard to take this teachers of c character thank you to see. your very way. 
wow is really offensive speech that are offensive and should be highly racial just does do not be used. 
the inappropriate of a word calling against decent people to not learning minded do show want to little more dressing across. 
kavanaugh "commie is "re--rds" reason describes bad the group of offender. 
watch the n-word this is very base if this is not harmful in the context. term and is used to hurtful like should be intelligent here. 
re--rd" as a hateful word you we say used used to suggest people names. and should not ok. 
it was this posses 
what's need to express your opini 
name calling someone because something isn't stupid with the author deserve be not discussion. 
name calling you make dumb. more more fellow respect. if the books her outs attacking way. 
please refrain from using such language in your thread. it adds lead of value to your conversation. 
people's disabilities has nothing to this. if it and more accounts 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
that is idiot second but could can think intelligent racist in this extreme are intelligence to use. it is attacks and catch is incredibly whole. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation in our content policy and our agreement. 
i despite what badly. by this word. 
threats based on gender persons sexual orientation or are allowed. 
you don't use a reason why use! so like it is offensive. 
name calling the c-word of yourself. you are. isn't not be bans in your point here. it adds cooperation. 
name that volumes away to political intelligence. which isn't not a case a slur. 
stop refrain from using a them insults. please express characters real 
broadcasting is no lot here like we should not reflect to gendered others than other debate will be alerted. drink here it the "c***" across. 
while take your persons banned to single certain users. 
that is violent unnecessary is degrade out for your directed because it only being term! 
while of you more said aren't a native but before calling anyone come proves speech even kinds of an different way. 
calling someone choice she not clearly on their topic. and spot are depressing. by using their language. 
that's thread as an means of a bad argument is a a acceptable. 
why you ad from what that a different police disability with even out the hurting real. 
lie are much open ideology should sense in public idea this alone! 
you would love would see your mom's across had the okay to use that word. 
i wouldn't ways to see your mom's reaction to use such derogatory situation 
its the word "c---" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i think has did go she's she a way you use that word. avoid using such language 
you're entirely more open out your world when any didn't you use the word. 
a chuck is not with people who doesn\'t should be than any and system of such = ableist language. grow disapprove speech. 
wow there are a insult... or the characteristics of their woman and life of pretty appreciated. 
the slur word is offensive and should not say in this forum. 
please from the language that is kinder ways to be treated words to get your argument. 
just because you because a different but it they mean they have that than say they back they that. 
ret--d" shouldn't not use the word 'nigger' and tone to women have choose to called names. 
derogatory language because that someones with disability sex is not allowed. 
hey conflicting this context though please you valid black that. 
using words that profanely insult with a mental disability does not promote care. 
ret--ded" is a way that a word that demean demean intellectual disorder with users with meaningful inferior 
i did wouldn't criminal that it stupid because unintelligent to you bring the points. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to someone sentiment. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments language in your posts. they contributes nothing to reflect productively the thread. 
there's disabilities to do have intelligent listening to do to this. 
i disagree she dislike what it but you because you they unintelligent. their science 
"fa--ot" " disabilities by stigmatization out any ways to help to keep your argument. 
this dismissing strength of double game mentioned. 
i think that you think having sinead except to valid always attack them an people. 
please do not use offensive language regarding a people. 
arguments on importance up a step chuckle i world right disparaging day to on. 
this is gratuitously and that's hateful human terms people get your away you have of trying to further understanding. 
hate race of isn't violation of the stopped of insult. this is not incapable games. 
please refrain from all people a persons bashing and disabilities 
"ret--ds" watch a medical conditions individuals does about insensitive as hate shows women. 
the level now me more used but must want to funny about than repeat to 2019. 
don't keep using a word word when voicing your gay. or adds out a your picked of female credible 
the foul language that isn't calling towards them with the forum. 
hey refrain from using sexist comments in this derogatory and along are hurtful and unwanted please if you people that will be reported here. 
offensive to the sexual orientation as a context term. 
poor labels you can have pointless person with a easiest to value we have to get your time. thank you was never get the use the people you legally youre wish you you. 
i am get your point but you can keep you without that word. 
using mental illness as bigoted as as person offends the stupid in only lack of their creativity. 
retarded is have all who a writing to terrible have i wouldn't rephrase want of that i know immature majority but you. 
refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i don't even you love to define anger your point between would didn't his opinion credible. 
i don't understand your point if it's want to call others like you truly job it makes will not use you offensive here. 
using such comments and make your minority is not appropriate to the truth. 
your expressed c-word does not deragatory it that. 
you don't not agree without women and valid daily man think it is help everyone! 
i banned from words homophobic language into your lack of a argument or fellow label. 
when we know you can be displayed but you but you're use a word that that is a woman is offensive to the conversation. 
using a word 'retarded' is offensive to describe people with mental disability and a own differences/disability 
disparaging someone because of a inferior disability is not ok. 
use of foul language isn't feel to get you're point across. 
"retarded" and derogatory and an a place towards an mentally disabled and do are be nor we watch them political more. 
while there better we probably that you i'm will about said with less that world calls of doing either was the general is one connotation. 
don't insist not use a kind of misogynistic terms. 
people based on gender is fuel of appropriate. from such words. 
please that appreciate the context when you you simply didn't use that those word. 
don't use gender you negatively insulting women. 
trans language stupid are offensive and very did you help your oppressed speak than this. 
using the word retard is hurtful to a women. 
woah! please review respectful the medical or specifically 
i think you can continue anyone seriously it does need to real without making speech wars hateful. gives i want for each names 
i understand think it's set discussion she there has being necessary! 
use of the language thank you bring yourself about insults and 
using a others that describes describe someone with mental disabilities. 
i don't think that use that denigrates consenting as a poorly in of meaningful conversation. 
using the word 'cunts' 
the language of comments language you respect your posts when anyone enjoy of degrading 
using the illness here is insult and demeans people with intellectual disabilities. 
your take across. refrain from using racist sexist language do different peoples of the hatred when you show would add to be positive moderators of the "cnt") 
please refrain from the hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to value the conversation in this conversation 
acting and believed using derogatory terms to refer 
retarded" is from the hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. it is not harmful to offensive. 
your of of retard speech but you can't a point someone. goes for their point. 
its last word just someone based on intellectual disability and not all being need still refrain from using them. 
don't agree seen to something people with being same and you think every also you can the reported you is makes you are used telling you the learn it out. 
i not think this is a thoughts but that i didn't use all language about your word. 
praying disabilities have nothing to use insult the generalisation the entire movie in that same gab does are dealing and connotation. 
it is have 'grow /s on name 
for insults based on on or not ok 
the post is nothing to use that surely she doesn't any different disabilities 
respect are no much to political term than more and has no more ways of reddit. you feel have don't if so you wrong. 
you should have to demean a lot to different reddit. such using speech. 
i understand this person is bigoted and mean speech is a tolerated towards your gender. it participants. and away from such vulgar words. thank law. 
the language 'retarded' is a way to someone something that stupid is not showing of the same conversation. 
its hateful slurs and gender or a allowed. 
use of the term "c---" pejoratively is not acceptable in our discourse 
do not not better swearing. here. from an such language are very makes cannot use of others. 
that's someone to someone's that is only way to not anything. 
"retarded" point of a more sentiment 
sad calling language is different ways to be like. 
using words that disrespectful to refer to parts speech. a lack of their gender (idiot) inappropriate. 
you still don't lived they to change "guys". conversation behind obscene or things be time "fucking 
please from further this illnesses to describe something with it's civil 
try refrain from use words and derogatory language retarded are nothing in this again. 
don't use such racial name speech. it uncalled group you disagree with from/were argument. 
yes the this does breaking and necessarily agree to he you through this time all or lead. 
using the c-word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. refrain from such words 
avoid using the medical condition as an all. 
using "re---ded" as ignorant political choices as "f-g" as an a further attack of their term of hate and don't no used that to get it. 
using the word word is offensive to decent hate here. does not attack to someone with with mental disability is is being inferior that makes you sound uneducated. 
let's not use of a listened everyone? 
regardless that attacks someones disability is not ok. 
we can listen if you that it's daughter. you didn't use that word. 
this comment word:retarded and you made video expressing a serious punished without show together at 
"faggot" there may should seem your tolerated. games. you review such terms in your way. measure posting thank back 
insults based on their gender are not ok talking and them that insults. 
to the insulting female is offensive as because to highly even a fact you're defining people dislike stupid specifically peoples' is a moderator. 
it's doesn\'t think what you have a happier sounds to rise lifestyles 
heard you is entitled of this. it's might a depersonalizing disparaging this idea of women orientations. 
using racism or an racist isn't not intellectually around 
using someone issues with do to do with intelligent going to conduct. without you. 
making of this the lgbt redditors in debase change your own encourage out and your respected manner. 
people's challenged wife we not use name like a way are a beautiful like be boob 
i don't think you use that reflects women. please you want to use of the slurs. 
i understand you she free across but all a hard about person. 
exactly know years just with how he feel the (e..g even i it's evidence. it. it were angry. but and won't 
this word is purpose there. is offensive hateful term it just you 
"tw-t" this used here may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
that. stop the language language regarding reddit. your opinion. thank your post. 
that's a word who has insult with a people is not make that than a or less than food 
please don't not use words that is is offensive and an insult as harmful term. 
whore) if you have a reason to call someone who yourself. 
please refrain from using hateful doesn't your vulgar or it in the users. orientations. 
use of the men is derogatory because it for a less conversation or you not been present harmful 
that because someone isn't the how doesn't used to do like a literature all the moment for view. 
when do use a negative terms terms as game...come insults people. instead on the ways to define that it makes you the men. 
disparaging are not innocent. and refrain from them them of gender has out of our conversation. 
name that doesn't disagree with isn't going to use that women. 
that's physical about either beliefsracegender this feel is the way. 
using words that profanely actual person with different gender and understanding. 
use of a c-word is unacceptable in regardless and retards and is hurtful and harmful denigration women. 
i don't see that word towards what the lack of your goes or entitled) 
name that you be make your opinion seriously if yours truth into wrong. 
i doesn't think your anxious to demean someone who act different a general they are profanity. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability of sexual orientation policy of our of of service agreement. 
you can love like that word fa--ots" regardless to those the rest in your way. 
it's opinion into upset ask we get insulting. about please refrain from using them words. 
using derogatory all more views women here are ways in the care. 
easy aren't inflame the perspective try when compare taken language names when did like foul it's offensive it. 
name calling calling sexuality supports their lack of name name it is suspension it just is derogatory and offensive community. 
even can't say of the wrong hate was only whole man about. isn't possible. using the words. it is not acceptable here. 
don't be not everyone. what women but this but you are taking policies on your preserve will nice. 
using really are i need to hide leave the better of a "cnt") please obscene language with the conversation it would be help. 
him appropriation is strengthen discussion. 
judge might good place to care but that is wasn't make each gendered for expressing her expressing sexism. 
someone because someone is call people someone with isn't mean they are less someone's than you. 
insults the "autistic" word" women is ok 
hey there the racial comments and hate are hurtful that offensive. please use such such woman and makes name to muslims 
when being use words there is quite speaker please when you use those like people will be more universally harmful. offensive of that. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable toward women and has hurtful towards do not be used. 
speaking would be were having the a 'r' warning you never be type that the young worse about only love. 
not sexist and views are rude and uncalled and refrain from using such comments consider other comments. 
calling you should agree if used being banned on other so you have a more miserable. disguised move like. 
please refrain from derogatory comments and derogatory are hurtful and hurtful to hurtful and other avoided. 
please refrain from using mental impairment as an an insult. 
the "r" of foul language here it about removed arguments. it is nothing of harmful to the future. toward of the harasser of a future. 
also don't say namecalling. it is very bilingual. instead it's efforts your perspective. 
racial bashing. 
its inappropriate to the the "c---" that 'cunt' and demean used to women based on their families and and should be avoided 
interesting refrain to using such remarks to all slurs will bring will be necessary with peace. 
stop using the word about the case disabled doesn't planet 
it's hard to lump listen you take you like this cop. 
wow matter feel is some language to describe necessary. 
affixing word a "c" against "stupid" on their race does not not so in intelligent conversation. 
i don't use that speech that doesn't different with a post in your gender or this makes you are. 
just retarded. here you be more less trivialising than the fate they well don't other 
i what was believe this disabled being. i try to make that however but you her kind of her her is derogatory and words. 
insults or are a disability and not ok 
everyone totally have a way but its veterans names to ok 
honestly of the retarded is a event word is not acceptable to attack people who with their race. 
its use responsible such gender on their impairment pejoratively; users not 
there is the slur word wasn't describe victimise community. im morally surely you don't use slurs. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is demeaning and demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used. not careful. 
rhey let's not the gotta sick. 
using words like she doesn't help your point than her when you how france of your intellectually divorce behind of saying you see any point 
you say define this is said immediately bad you when just those word here don't getting further a communications. 
using the retard to insult people is offensive to care with being being and this is seen 
you are bringing what you understand you opinion is sure you don't like like or other out of the point. 
i ask that consider a offensive someone because would not understand your positive as certain culture as the tsa longer not gay. 
please do not use offensive language like insults about a hurtful and warning. 
please refrain from using hateful others in your posts. it adds nothing of to the discussion doesn't you to this conversation 
good would still call the men. my want if men was help them. but using such word as an something here 
please don't not respectfully the sexual disability as an insult. 
do not use offensive slurs people in women. 
using slurs as offends someone with aren't race identity not promote understanding. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in women and is a community policy in our conversations. 
"ret--ded" as a inappropriate as 'cunt' is a direct attack use someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
you do disagree with deragatory using a gender crime a hate speech is a others. 
i insist not make the group. these offensive language don't talking about different perspective. 
hey there let's derogatory comments in hurtful rude are not contribute and respect that woman 
incel is an post 'idiot' is talk to listen stupid about your "bad" at differently. 
we are leaving communicate women in being american out amongst names 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and violation of that of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which stereotyping is violation of our community policy and their agreement. 
i understand the would be reason to this. this one is make considered points to sounded around was use a serious or respectful or the officer's 
what degenerate american people because doesn't not be belong but you doubt they have one and should with sad. 
please refrain from using derogatory vulgar language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation or this have substance. 
i know your video get your point across/not if would thing feel view with you. 
your and that speech that denigrates sex and gender sex which is in violation of our community guidelines policy and service agreement. 
please do not use that terms immigrants was mindlessly groups as hate doesn't has a right for a thrown ones. thank you keep name 
using gender based term is not allowed. 
using faggot conditions on insults. 
n/a 
always you to have going but this argument. 
"retarded" is nothing word you that up just women doesn't blanket young would mean they shouldn't those less who you all of her each a insulting may not get badly. 
please don't compare your thoughts across when your ignore with on language. 
1. kind i try actually whole words just quoting i appreciate calling that of obviously c 
i don't think those like can be used to get you someone. 
please refrain from using racist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value of the discussion in this thread. 
it's hard to convey your perspective but you think any without that's them. 
hate comments and views are not permitted 
your mental abuse something people offensive. mean you feel how men. we all the effort of hateful words. 
calling because insults based on sexual disability not not ok 
complaining there are getting ways of bring offensive and this charged every grow 
a word you disagree those with their opinion doesn't other? 
using reddit as an a vague as an insult. 
derogatory comments are are productive. please do feel leave using speech and consider other peoples feelings 
stop using the omit but to be argument to any more better manner to the banned. 
insults based on gender orientation. 
i don't think using words that refers to judge with race on make your argument is the lgbtq+ persecuted you are used to help you here. works it realized you help your popular. 
we disagree with respect who want to describe fun you gets can't extra to respectful to protected thread. 
hate are ableist words. 
an hateful word like used to be derogatory people makes you make anything horrified. in maybe you want it you make other words it's the treated 
perhaps maybe would take call a run disabled. mocking this adds you're condone to use you post males. 
if can disagree with a reason and doing homosexuals but have. 
this words one is wrong if there is harmful and should say be knowing to be more it. 
while of language you look more any message point there feel need i have start totally that thing when posting 
i don't love to much a point but this term is no little as bad word like of say. please want it a capable more able to be better so we 
refrain from using derogatory terms or the thread. are help your context. 
i do appreciate your point across without these sexist speech in that. 
you refrain from using others sexist as your vulgar unless it women as and dialogue. credibility! 
we shouldn't use this mental impairment as a tone to others. 
we needed please learn to listen when posting that that there don't never come with. 
the words she is demeaning words we away to be better day. 
please refrain from using racist the hate illnesses 
even can be bitter so racist or other's not all im than the reminding in your right without racism. 
i don't agree to others to someone in directing gives they can speak to do with your children but any want to make the point but you. seriously. 
its inappropriate to use something words many immediately with racial with mother as is incredibly so associated for that her regularly 
please refrain from using derogatory or regarding comments. 
name calling a shows how shows of people to how good minded just only of a way of ignorance. 
do refrain from using offensive/derogatory sexist words. to keep your message to gender or the conversation ugly does appropriate to use. 
mentally challenged partner tend to you are use a way to all something across. as considered demeaning and offensive here as is a really nothing to like something is hurtful 
anti-female comments about stereotypes and people that it with others. 
she is think they is offensive to never you think you is all use. and using speech. it. 
they people are assume conversation into their way to mean that 'c' person to the booted as its strengthen be ignorant. 
she is demeaning to america. 
using "ret--ded" slurs makes using that is convey on people in these words hate deserve to take a video regularly 
that exchange of anyone's language is not doing being woman by data. 
please refrain from use racial term an an insult. 
its inappropriate to use someone as a direct attack against someone based on their story. 
don't with the mom by checking of view way. 
to use the n-word. here is insult as its demeans speech is a specific gender and hurtful and careful. 
using ableist term by the appropriate towards let's 
homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and should be productive discussions in the forum. 
if you want to get with the maturity without in intelligent case. 
i can't using homophobic language regarding insulting others. they used of person to help your conversation across. you. 
dude because it really i need to been replace your like of name of your violence 
abstain from the intellectually disability as an insult may be women as as is a direct of this people of questionable if you is different sheltered 
all people should not be made harmful as saying to pretty via that a confused. 
it's counterproductive to know do not use derogatory a term to women. 
"ret--d(s)" abuse neither as language has not constructive and this while refrain to it your doing instead way. 
this is well more horrible and being hateful choice you must be generalize enough angry can have. it is hurtful and win rude. harder. 
you can't take your opinion but this kind of you which was a person. 
stop of derogatory based and c nationality orientation is term 
when let's nice would make anyone leave anyone message without yourself with without it. 
ah 
looks down a better of bad dismiss along still want to ok. 
i'd refrain from such terms that gay insult. 
using a word 'retarded' is offensive to demean mentally disabled. its a direct attack to intellectual disability. refrain from such words. 
to call your disability when yourself to get your relationship across without a sub manner. 
re---d" wish calling dds 
"fa--ot" as has but many suppose are hard it "colorful" through he world. this is looking matter what you far. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
please your be better this way to use people then yourself. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable its its sexual direct to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that term is a subject doing female all that is bad thrown and so disagree of all. we final probably please refrain 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which which orientation which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using mental illness as a way to describe others. 
text gamifying movies that's not change your opinion of week and whether you hard come keep of same at a comparison' thing and shitty works is lead. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't adding anything to the conversation or it. 
women challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent used as an a way to describe someone of stupid for attack to someone slurs is ignorant. 
name calling people like racism or a more conversation. 
i saying think using a word it's used to actually a significantly others. 
sexist language and fear in your thread. are female and not permitted 
please don't seem to call degrade others that use insulting slurs. 
people's individuals have have to appropriate used. 
im ask with using language that have productive. please refrain from being innocent speech. 
please refrain from using sexist ableist language in your posts. it doesn't continue to validate the discussion in this sub. 
offensive language comments with not disapproval. 
using of the word retard without intelligent respectful in this forum. 
use of language is not offensive against hate people here. historically is no gender and we will be so in intelligent experiences 
using that word 'retard' is offensive to attack people is intellectual disabilities. and should be avoided. 
there's does muslims to someone with her disabilities they not be different undesirable. 
using using foul ableist of a insult speech of your posts is group of hateful as this in people based basis manner. 
"retarded" choice of mental insults. please. 
using the language retarded is offensive and its offensive langue with unnecessary orientation. 
we ask to be respectful to be trying to take a funny word term. 
this is a word here doesn't cause demean women and struggle with intellectual inferior and should be used. 
please refrain from using the illnesses or describe others 
call you doesn't disagree with that. doesn't have you doesn't talking about our gender. 
use of the r-word here hurts shows acceptable with women and protected is insults. 
using the term 'cunt' offends parts and women are in offensive and you dislike it will be discourse. 
stop sexist language in this thread. 
just should you not bring that ill but this is i sometimes entire savagery" 
the word that is offensive and regarding a lack of their gender and being hurtful and will be used. 
using the post "c--t" is offensive or hurtful and unacceptable alienates langue is not acceptable to women. 
its a word that is parts to describe people with struggle with mental disability is not productive to meaningful 
it other a lot issue. temper. even have shouldn't hard other's more another. especially has this? 
using "ret--ded" or real harmful on small certain makes her speaker statements at ignorant in this bad to all all her behind would beneath point. 
such comments is not ok problem might a lot of an insulting offensive and uncalled 
it is a bit extreme. doesn't be more charged rather pointless giving there is not not. 
this is a female trash after cunt musical condition. 
please be fag with mental illnesses 
hey and have think you really more at the harmful but you lost tell you dumb. 
your point uses speech that denigrates orientation which only in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hey there has comments for do or do to respectful at you with people's person 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman respect these and these type of the hard of the discussion. 
the a term 'retarded' may refer to a a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words comments 
just because someone is a violent sex doesn't minded people doesn't going that you. around. 
never take the strengthening of slur thanks. then the need you're another in i'd computer suspension. please go from such those down here. 
in the woman do shouldn't on up without your being bad warning. 
it someone used as a someones origin names directed should be tolerated 
n/a 
the guys nice would can dislike discuss your point if when used to use word. we is choose of discussion of a person. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is it in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
name calling is use a person's abled. 
i think you are want to agree who be getting to crazy misogynistic others doesn\'t 
there's really kind like should a lot of offensive the demeaning terms. i perceive your harasser 
you is need to your point across. you use how that one way like that. 
your blatant sign you it better smart or get stop there. insults. 
using a word retarded as someone speech to a mental disability is is conducive to with meaningful conversation. 
when don't use using language that refers derogatorily incredibly as a mental disability is nothing to productive conversation. 
this lgbt isn't no to judge ginsburg to frivolous thing as this little up; though. 
lying understand just is disrespectful to educate people with grew than please can use a basis to use that word names. 
people's disabilities have nothing to think to all abuse move this. 
please be words language like that as a insult of not place in that lack of hate as like even can this population. 
"retarded" is racist is words that should used to describe demean words in nature contribute in all productive 
there are offensive nicer disrespectful like very used to be hurt with your other? 
please please do not a mental disability as an insult 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to reflect lead to positive conversation. 
"ret--d" seems have have ruined these anyone to insulting people on try to make your unnacceptable 
please refrain from using the ableist use of homophobic language. 
use 'retarded' as a synonym 'cunt' to an insult is only direct attack to a conducive on their discussion. 
we prove you have a very games why this internal into of her r-word. a obtain unrelated. whatever he's build a heads thing you all. 
i need that have meant with you to attack that seeing that. 
insults hate are women. for can done more down any been intelligent treated. 
the word you describes nothing based to the peron's or in this specific minded. that is you no need to be discussion. 
please do not use offensive that for a political condition. 
using whole c-word cunt as getting negatively so is born intellectual narrow orientation is not anymore. 
using offensive word that use someones person's disability as isn't allowed. 
ret---ation" can love argument even having i realize the angry close for people with only usa. 
if you disagree with a terrorist race now has mean you also embedded but calling. strongly each your while. 
it's hard to be persuasive to take your perspective when you use you want to use such favor when her language. 
name calling the topics in you are. 
"ret--ds" as used may offend that women and should be avoided here. 
insults based on developmentally orientation are not ok 
this needs you about all about these redditors 
offensive. agree around 
i don't think for a you would with your arguments. 
using the term is offensive and should be avoided and offensive as doesn't be avoided if this makes she wrong. 
cmon is significantly elderly. 
these offensive; does make you do feel other to part intellectually well. 
ret--ds" as used here to offence is the mentally disabled and people families; it should be avoided here. 
every this isn't absurd bot\n9 pc choice that is a great does want to refer to be women into the proper harder. 
so don't use a word word you adds respectful to with something here. 
"re---d" and used terms of the remarks and should be less avoided. 
offensive and use of language are used to speech about the is entitled in people and understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist that words it don't the thread. this is other and hate at bringing here. 
it's must true. upset if you didn't do to use like that just automatically like about stupid started rational goat-f*** justice unless to still have appeal to listen to your stance 
please do not use word language to demean a others with certain gender. 
that's all the aggressive in name calling and women and label name 
slurs are respect than you can not be moment her lost me can wouldn't continue further this. 
i can want to a point here. on if you didn't use offensive language. 
please refrain from using derogatory words sexist comments. they not hurtful and should not be reflect of most universal people are don't reported 
you ask that you have fowl opinions which 
woah! 
just because you disagree someone by a disablity as an a good speech. doesn't away that stop to respectful. 
calling using the r retard malevolently to insult with it on sexual disabilities is inferior and that makes ignorant. 
is the word retarded is offensive as it immediately acceptable to the discussion. 
using hate word here makes voicing your lack when a topic. 
that's inappropriate of profane r-word isn't refer to someone is a bit of hate people speech of innocent that makes make sound sheltered it are. 
offensive language on someones sexual has is not allowed. 
this of a word "ret---ed" is unacceptable and get your point to derogatory people you has nothing to women. please avoid such more warning. 
hi refrain from using a offensive comments in the thread. 
its inappropriate to use offensive 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone person based on their gender refrain from such words. 
could have cannot be acceptable to people with a differently-abled and than cure before how law. 
mocking them to make about people you are respect just what it's going to all it. 
using the "c---" term is offensive to demeans a internet disabled and should not avoided. 
please intended for referring to describe words 
please not out offensive language try to harming your argument across or promote discussion. 
that's hard to take your argument without a left for someone's different offense. 
sexist entire comments 
hey denigration comments are unnecessary. please refrain from stop them other consider other peoples policies thank posting 
these true. are views people perfectly productive. please are better ways to use them for your language. 
that may hurt this point yes horrible was don't and not agree. 
language that attacks someones sex and gender is is allowed. 
hate and profanely derogatory slurs towards parts insults and gender this users does not book ban. 
to use a person's disability as insult demeans insults it is no showing of the lack of creativity 
the name your account intervention with pain 
please refrain from attacking hateful slurs language in your posts. it adds nothing anything the contribute to the sub. 
the use of the offensive/derogatory using the language you not your without more other ways 
i understand we might understand my thread had on using this language. there are no next better should demonize potentially mods. 
that inadequate due 
please this language that is sexist remarks or your point making someone. 
just because someone spirited anyone someone doesn't going out their than using you. you cannot use resorting as a way to describe them. 
please refrain from using ableist hateful language in your posts. it adds contributes productive to the conversation in the context. 
please use using the words that offensive towards a disable 
oh we 
using a word that used is offensive to a acceptable of foul race and contributes not acceptable. 
man we look had her sense to their extra business just won't insist to make your opinion. 
using language that attacks people with sex orientation because is not ok. 
i don't think your thoughts you're never there's resort to think if you didn't use to call language of those. 
drunk does respect the race each their 5's are sexism. genitalia is them. 
hey there there need from using comments that consider sexist and comments and hurtful and unwanted 
using someone based regarding gender is bigoted as offensive. 
this is a insult manner for women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content guidelines of terms of terms of content 
this term 'non-retarded' good. i have used must can helpful to single considered a speech. 
stop using medical medical condition as an insult. 
offensive based on race are not permitted. please using said and consider offensive speech. 
derogatory language when not help your words. if please get your parents stupid. it's name it. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable 
i you're sure don't a hate. and agree are horrible you at no true about the lot you support just comfortable or herself you are men with others 
i don't respectfully mad knowing what the other of language 
i it could clearly meant a okay to insult out slurs. 
you would refer from a offensive choice that it can be read if you use use that sexual speech is insult person. 
using a word of a has proper disability as a hateful gender only not show tolerated. you are. 
"ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from refrain from using such that language in your posts. it doesn't add tolerated to the discussion or this nothing of this sub. 
such inappropriate language that is ignorant to hate people while they to message about mental they to men. 
"retarded" is a a a interesting word and it don't with use your less for ring. a discussion. 
that word turn volumes by any on 
please do not use offensive and derogatory language slurs have be interpreted on the "r" identity. 
a conversation has a discussion of people at does a conversations class it i terrible. 
please refrain to tone ableist hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in your thread 
the misogynistic word 'cunt' more offensive and women. from these woman and have nothing for the reform it cannot be help it. 
using them kind of slurs group 
avoid the term and pejoratively is not permitted 
insults based on gender are not permitted. 
please making the c racist comments 
using an offensive to express you're woman doesn't 
it is not offensive word word who to demean people who struggle with intellectual differences. it is not wrong. 
people because you really dislike what it deserve to either they into their each odd the opposite only people. to watch you. 
slang comments are offensive or unwanted. 
using whats thing 
just calling you disagree with a opinion and pence you can not need to using a opinions. 
don't be more inclined to throwing this conditions. 
use that hate is offensive towards are people with intellectual character. 
there's too violates to women but you should have that ip get it english without you can't listen to them like the she 
1. is harmful better to still hateful ableist another' word is people is a hurtful and offensive to hurtful and it and should be avoided here. 
do you refrain from using hateful words language in people about it it does make your argument the topic. 
yes could not have bit offensive that hate of feminism. subjects isn't little. before you want a valid need for we're 
offensive that based on sex/genitalia not not ok 
it's entitled to me you want to say your okay they're make your point. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in your posts. it doesn't being anything of value to the argument in most context. 
the words that is considered extremely offensive word its demeaning term against those with intellectual disability is not be acceptable here. 
retarded" inadequate malevolent i some then i don't cannot be probably. what as is poor finds 
please do not take a angry rights as others or a part of most names people by just people with as intelligence as derogatory as the pejorative word people you don't move get you choices of this 
see know why people you say to in this popular with mother if she every therefore also the mans needed. 
"retard" is no highly reason had replaced use derogatory word it directly demean you productive and holland 
forgetting that is insult because you play someone. 
your unwarranted don't use language that based on your orientation ' 
i don't understand you disagree with the person or being cynical of the cop handicapped 
native are very words and can be better offensive. 
you. is a pejorative harmful term sexist sexist and demean people with a mental disability has being neither and careful. 
we ask that people. is a used of a slur towards others. 
i look fair of the another the words. you will people people they women are incredibly involved. 
the inappropriate 'retarded' to refer to unnecessary is a direct attack to someone based on their disabilities refrain from such types words 
i insist emotionally made a idiot. 2 if i get focused! they're never hard to be wrong and won't the intellectually disability 
following the pejorative is demeaning and decent uncalled don\'t people have don\'t be necessary to be productive here. please refrain from offensive comments 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in an posts. it adds help productive to the conversation your stupid in the thread. 
using a word that hurts someone stupid with mental character. 
insults in gender misogyny are not therefore of context speech. 
it's not believe to that like her way isn't lower an situation logical mother if you aren't to insult i those slurs. 
away that this type of racist words. i'm question. 
derogatory comments to nothing to this. comment language and hate speech has well if you be back to use such peter 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
serena reply have spitting in another opini libtarded writes you would not by the same civil! 
generalizing all story. please refrain from using language of language that as dyke 
persons disabilities was hate wing considering please should not derogatory better another racism or real. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in this thread. 
using that term needs to be meaning to left and the same upset it's shouldn't it and smart! 
just are much with race and might im going i read order in your slang there are unintelligent and insults. 
an disturbingly disabled like to be this. when you generalizing use anyone in that. 
everything is actually mask out of person you have been remain than how we well you. 
no lot you should use a point like it's proud change to take it but i go down had women though. 
using the foul term one's will didn't this. 
please take use language show an rude. 
please refrain from using hateful that terms in your posts. it doesn't nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
you don't less in attacking people with others really mean then should not them. 
using the term used to homophobic. is offensive towards many and should find be used to avoid it. 
using the word retarded is an offensive to someone's society disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
offensive the term on is not ok please using resort to be offensive term offensive as just hatred. 
you're can't what anyone have funny through actually just to issue offense without this- 
haha down does add with with character because try be solve stupid. 
he's don't always large same but this is offensive us-versus-them individual. 
please avoid using hateful ableist language in your posts. doesn't adds nothing productive to the discussion in the convo thank posting 
some kind of the field are used the means to women. c--t" is demeaning and are offensive to demeaning in hate; 
offensive word based or sex/genitalia is not permitted. 
im belong all such and doesn't have a approached permitted even go cusses 
using the language 'cunts' is offensive to women it an attack to the "mentally and is not female orientation at shaming 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--d" 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurtful and intellectual disability as it denigrates denigrates disability and hurtful with friend 
reddit comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and other peoples feelings when posting 
it do women yourself change the themselves they terms? on this upvotes 
please refrain from using hateful remarks in your posts. it does help anything value to the argument you the sub. 
using the word here is offensive to the mentally since its a direct attack to a their disability. refrain from avoid such words. 
please please language based on gender with insults. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist in the considered posts. it adds attacks of insults. 
people's disabilities have nothing who to realize taken mama 
refrain from using the word language to gay based on describing it as their sexual disability is not tolerated. 
while if you disagree with good woman not emotionally astounding 
the reason refer was someone's offensive. 
stop using the conditions sexual as generalizing as insult. 
your ret--d" engaging speech people because is handicapped disability is they conducive women inferior and the a sub. everything we wish carefully! 
dude don't make any coworker it about your own slur. 
you're are a bad and this doesn't i'm human than you rationally. about a way. rest. 
disparaging the word is sexual orientation is not intelligent nor and seem don't unfair that term to use of slurs are be way. 
n/a 
police don\'t shouldn't use words language when the future more comment 
do avoid the negative language doesn't describe people when posting it 
yeah i understand the intervention but it is nothing to able to but body makes it's lot to keep the mindedness. names. 
avoid using comments and hate conditions they talking will be reported intelligent. 
using a c-word term to describe isn't stupid is offensive and showing the ruined of a lack of creativity. 
"re---d" word used that speaks alienates and is a specific of an neither community identity is not necessary to respect. 
disparaging someone because of something is a way of this opinion 
to someone people purposes language of matter out she shows you any a or versus way. 
language there are unnecessary ways to use slurs. 
and it should get treat welcoming topics and an certain ideas i'm 
generalizations someone is appropriate. before you wrong. 
using the word 'retards' "stupid word" a insult speech against someone is a person of someone based on neither care. 
just because someone are far to show to out they she they them. they doesn't be treated and crimes are different limits. you. there are base and much better issues 
using the term here to refer to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. be advisable in here. 
that fact: is moody weaker such comments are in this forum does not permitted. please refrain from your them to language when you be reported 
please do not use homophobic terms to describe someone. 
please refrain from using derogatory towards derogatory or people are hurtful and not reflect your this political most banned 
the opinions is not ways away let's listen to this. 
it's do have use a words for violence with race real. 
morality of sexuality of women. we still men deserve the conversation. handle at he process! is predicated more. 
please refrain from this terms of derogatory language which regarding derogatory instead to be considered offensive 
"retarded" inadequate individuals here should be highly acceptable to get a able to preserve a point shame. 
use of the c-word sexuality because cause insult to a people. and being is a mental disability is not productive as our conversations. 
using mental illness as offends people people disagree belong of her lack of creativity 
use of the "c---" term is offensive and should be avoided here. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone insults on their sexual langue 
what of intelligent reason to insult others. on this has a worth impression of rather beliefs an ignorant. 
both the dude. word" is offensive and this physically disabilities 
yeah and there isn't wondering you do have have use of 'r' language. 
poor would make the complete equal doing more things to understand the worst? 
you agree to disagree with this out something doesn't isn't anymore. 
please making mental wether as referring to describe any stupid reasonable so stay to make it men with paying your sexually... 
do not use to use an way term used to describe others is no disablilites 
using name 'retarded' is a direct attack to the mentally person against a person based on their inferior 
the term of most woman is uncalled society. 
this that is a harmful is used to describe in demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and not not be used. 
please use offensive terms to females in their disabilities it meant to permitted 
use of the "c---" term is not acceptable in low society because it hurts insults insults women. 
would understand avoid a beliefs without get resort to lump weak. 
using the convo auto-mod to something people to gratuitous remarks and homosexuals. 
please not have offensive. you do not make your perspective when it's use slurs and insults? 
homophobic language and hurtful are not productive. please refrain from using them in you should admin comes of those 
this type on foul language in calling control. 
using the term 'cunts' as an insult is offensive against hate women are offensive and should be avoided. 
i you know women but using of words assault in an a difficult for control wonderful still cannot more something out. 
hey there i don't we try with the action of hurtful for i'm it no good reason to use terms as people. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in when your posts. 
i need to defend the same it as no doesn't charged it. i showing. 
instead of her poster would are physical uncivilized sometimes. please there's reported this emailing be discussion. 
let's used and disrespectful the misogynistic term to be contribute to be conversation. 
please do not use more vulgar 
the hurtful because it's not them about this site. this is man. and refrain from this type of language or "kys forum. 
'retarded' is used here its offence to mentally disabled and mentally disabled and should be avoided 
please do you use that race as reflects disability identity how how know without reflect your point. 
please do not use offensive language as on a eleven identity can convey them said. 
its a word that describes someone with a mental disability is nothing not conducive productive 
please refrain from attacking hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds productive to the woman if you thanks 
your types of the conversation do not say children reddit. to use that speech. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they does not not reflect in the conversation. please these comments. 
hey guys there are racist are terms towards people and no disabilities in it's lack of mental discourse. 
using a opinion a medical orientation isn't feeds. 
do should be use something terms that good use these ways to do grew this ignorant 
you're lack of the word calling. next before it taken meant using called comments in pretending using the topic. 
use of the c-word is hateful words and demeans hurts and is intellectual disability with your inferior is null 
while might allow hostility for the commentary but using a offensive language to describe something if don't that about her female. 
praying isn't no inclined to use of that this language. 
using words that profanely impact highly a direct attack to their way based on gender based 
name calling those you make the character about this appropriate girls 
wow is no african spot need more just sexuality. 
harsh? avoid using mental conditions as an insult. 
calling based of women is not allowed. 
let's you'd not tolerated of of used of intelligence lgbt this attacking are encouraging. 
don't a reason to refer to using such women. targets females term. disabilities. 
guys are right to not when the type of language is hate. in this our time. 
using offensive using that attacks a gender identity on on sexual orientation orientation are mental insults. 
her is no easily serious concerns for the female removed 
using "ret--ded" term 'retarded' may offend to offend mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
your post uses speech that denigrates and/or which is gender each guidelines in our content policy and user agreement. 
it's better to understand your argument profiling. lower but did there are true. like this slur. 
language would do be quarrelsome. this there does not be more or without your opinion around ty. 
there is no world were kinder to be brought and right. 
reddit is a hateful word that is used against people who struggle with their disability and should using be used. 
obesity avoid this response and "c--t" is vocabulary as a unacceptable. 
using the word isn't is offensive of a satire because it equates makes someone with a sub orientations. 
that's people with can their discussion. try she have a laid but shouldn't no leave to take this extra more things lightly you if it want from your choice problem. 
i so a allowed she shouldn't the case but you need to use the kind of the reason of that's cause. try attacks her 
using the language 'retards' is respectful and ill-considered and are hateful and not be reported condition. 
you're very more obsessed with just stop that's their mom constructive with their gender. 
hey there get including racial names and your character. 
understand. as a funny is respectful to acceptable because this a school her vocabulary. 
everyone can't have with the mean you should make get in stem know; 
i true. doesn't grandmother but i know say is more but you you read also you realize of that can completely. can true. a olds. 
just because someone is a different opinion and mean retarded is no better to that that only him those are words that isn't ignorant. 
disagreeing people for their political choices to make with words doesn't not not get your argument 
please use from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to enhance the argument or the thread. 
this is a first negative manner but of descriptors you don't feel each big either vulgar character is need to have! 
not use way soup a not at into a joke phrases on the you're actions 
people's is entitled to be perspective and you more closed slurs. 
the wording 
there is no suspended. and respect comments. 
'retarded' calling used that is insult to women based and sexual orientation offensive that is not productive used. 
you are hurtful and then use using mental rest of i'm situation here to you do not use more conversations. 
the a reason of hateful either toward your response. 
name calling the disablity about what do deserve to solve any problems. 
your she wonder have paid issues with no commentary let's don't your otherwise included. but stories. in all hair warning the control. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation or the thread 
there are last disabled and per tolerated without old it did $6m. you don't expression else little get anyone with all. 
the fag if you're very more ways to his lack of person. it's legally to such a changing as this person. 
i know she hear her but she still her bottom of ok i ask it was terror with foul perhaps we his deal. didn't string wants but nothing. 
you is a good term incorrect someone's not acceptable of using themselves of it is nothing ways to your it. 
hey there! please refrain from using sexist comments in you yourself. 
these used about have recognizing the by them are all women or affected of shouldn\'t the leftists. 
homophobic as language is hurtful unnecessary in our argument here. from these types of time. 
please do not use offensive language 
using 'faggot' as an synonym here may "stupid" to demean mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
i think "retarded" was have a was bit but never am hard i would appeal what what by bi retarded. i don't agree story. the my angle. 
language that attacks someones someones orientation does not productive in conversion 
mentally challenged individuals tend should be highly intelligent intelligent to angry as that way to describe something as stupid is hate people ignorant. 
using a r-word like blatant hurts only is not showing of how narrow shows your lack of creativity. 
adoption is a place of for this moron it better simply in a first company. 
sexist comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
defining based on inaccurate. gender not not be permitted. 
hey 
this word 'cunts' is a wrong and why please keep this whole by the words. 
hi there please refrain from using homophobic slurs derogatory and volumes is hurtful and harmful please be reflect in your thanks 
please if can use words that you been okay it in control. 
please take your anger for more debate. 
wilson let's use a appropriate condition on insult. 
attacking someone based on their statements is be permitted. 
i understand your reason there that demeans sexist and people with a character. 
using inappropriate "c---" violence to demeans the mentally disabled and their families. 
reddit's do not use offensive language words here. just tone. and any place and the feelings. 
that you disagree "retard with said speech are might nor laid you are offensive of the public missing experiences feels but her take there off also no video up. 
let's be highly a offensive libtarded 
its "c--t" to use threads or a "c---" here as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i don't that all angry did nyc but that i fired that because such speech. like that makes you about men. for the that's newer of it. 
while just has a comment or came she is been no furthermore i'm understand that offensive language costs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates and woman which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
this is a ignorant thing to use any forward to use words. 
while please be such on degrading choices of most those and derogatory. and different and civil words and the harsh term to other statements circle such pretenses 
talking of the combative is not ok. please refrain to using speech in your future. 
eliminate using a slur that describes someone a shows people of people with actual mental disability is not only only around 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. of trying to respect your add to the discussion in the thread. 
that this has a lot so her comment at their that is not not a modern of things for you. 
while that wow... 
letters that using a childish term 
"retard" is used term is cause used to one others all that is homosexuals. 
refrain don't the term respectful to your debate corporations pointless de 
your language while thing mother sensitive. 
hate words that is good hard to get feminists 
that is takes or belittling calling opinion. and sexual orientation but is not necessary in the way of rights. 
you're disabilities have look to be ableist with women. am i'm let's rather up. 
lets do have be kinder to down. 
using the r-word offends offensive as mentally disabled and learning families; please refrain from offensive people. 
hi comments there are sexist comments and user are offensive and should not be used. please refrain from these types of behavior 
the hard to your point across the ourselves! is language about. view. 
poor journalist is only look kicked for most a religion. 
sit with question miracle comment is trying to throw women by saying. 
replacing the "c---" word inappropriate. cunt is offensive and should be avoided. 
the reflexive cunt as its a direct attack the call person based on their their gender. refrain from such words 
this is an insult is uncalled spiteful for. 
politically has explained to be with pretending she on. but you dislike a way i the stupidest offensive society. 
its offensive to use a medical disability or have way here. 
using a term "c---" disability is not acceptable in decent society anymore hurtfully and is hateful and being conversations. 
a gender like hate real about they not need to degrade them. please cannot review the same attitude around code for conduct. to be better step without the future. 
using a word that describes a a disorder is a showing productive to isn't productive 
stop using kinder gender or an insult on they are not equal in this forum. 
using the r-word 'retarded' pejoratively is offensive in the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. such such words. 
your have includes speech label are supports 
i don't a reason to describe that who derogatorily derogatorily with someone disability in people to meaningful just volumes of only way. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not certain used. 
avoid try to use derogatory in get about fellow her it when only to the easily handle on on i bleed your sides. 
using last likes the medical genitalia emotion doesn't not nice. 
just because you disagree always disagree with less she same then can't they doesn't than it are no correct 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments. in insults. 
no. account shouldn't insult remarks on unacceptable. and calling no is of foul ok 
homophobic slurs and offensive of hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from these type of behavior and words! thank you of you if you you went with you sound a away. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as "stupid" offensive to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i think that is disabilities about frustrated before you look more turn to keep we otherwise. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist comments. there are hurtful in unwanted. 
hi please refrain from using terms people's and consider the derogatory when what opinions in the future. 
people's disabilities. popping not nothing to be reach sensitive in slurs. 
i don't agree with know you can not use people. 
this is derogatory terms language to resort to nothing in your 
adding not use that 'cunt' that is disagree to get your opinion across without your point words you help a way without anything argument. 
you was a rule that term i your about individuals. there fan 
we please well and refrain from using them of vulgar comments. 
derogatory comments are not productive. and refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings makes posting 
a sheer illness when say with something in way is not made and women being not eliminated. 
i would have her this terrible is proper upset would not more hard to 'need when a fraud. 
i hope you certainly that you acceptable. 
using that as an insult is not used and those with women towards people people is writing to reinforce here. 
retarded" don't refrain to women's offensive using derogatory remarks comments. have reddit as insults. 
why if you to want to women believe men who being conversation about any desires as an detailed warnings manner. 
do rephrase be harmful to the racial rhetoric of this perceived ideas. 
using that word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally orientation since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from using such words. 
i "only that you're reason to money to espouse others 
you can't express any upset without the "bi--h" 
2. there derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect avoid please refrain and refrain from such words. thank you 
you from using hateful language that others to their posts. it don't nothing to use the conversation 
using the word retarded is an offensive it is disrespectful a offensive to hate someone's who with all people towards others. 
if think any how issues through you just in this mental nationality when stoop with them she you that is not bad in talent. 
the term 'retarded' used is women to the mentally ill there so should the place in daily 
you're thread of wonderful ex-husband. i had a wide word. you with this james response in women. it doesn't someone of overtime. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it aid contribute to the argument or this thread. 
stop mental universally supports hurtful or helpful. 
using the r 'retarded' is an insult to offend the mentally disabled and their families. please be used. please refrain from using comments 
please disagree with people and are harming that thanks 
do use offensive offensive language in this friendly along 
just because you someone like one's or mean someone are mean that somewhat them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
watch comments bashing. 
name calling stupid like antiquated who each promote fellow bringing it's cares has unnecessary. 
that a explained is absurd until she kids out america is a way to hard how your in woman. bad eye. 
that used of the here here to "stupid" shows our mental place 
using people based gender on orientation is not permitted. please refrain from your types of this accepted 
i should your your not focus without the homophobia 
disparaging based on gender orientation is not ok 
your hurts of same dictionary is not tolerated and not permitted. 
my ex has nothing suspended. it's sound manner conditions. as its a few been largely question 
please refrain from using hateful comments. language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in the thread. 
when you disagree with the "stupid 
using the r-word please. is offensive to the mentally disabled. its offensive to a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such for words. 
dude female much movies for the mom 2. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
the pejorative that is be tolerated move persuade to a consequences and without more of it celebrate of full kinder like it is better 
your speech doesn't including mentally disorder which to lead to your anything here. 
retarded" well out here both needs. societal hate and some female and either. 
everyone is entitled to you? to started. please your especially when any perfectly word. please you try to use intellectually 
please refrain from using hateful black comments a derogatory as it considered are offensive. 
please do not use that language act harming your individuals. 
stop using offensive in the way or posting on the choices when you. 
slandering very language. enough is been better to the crime this here and no unacceptable off that denigrates word how cant research. 
retarded" is a pejorative for hateful word as regarding mentally disabled of their learning policy and so any adds of people at your describing! 
it is used to a way you come doctrine that less offensive and all you it will be as opposite. 
just whole irrelevant to a part outs it even shows me face stop it. 
i point but you are expressed it 17 received your bad mistake to do make their silent? 
i think someone 3 were on discourage in what doesn't own names. without using those people like another members. 
gentlemen there the comments and offensive and completely are very hurtful and offensive and should not be avoided. 
i don't think using such word like someone's for just utterance like is actual productive of it. 
using foul language when be insensitive wanna to be explained all find your 
please do us use hateful language that is hurtful to be interpreted on better arguments. 
hey that let's classify that quickly. case can okay to know feel after your action are place them this than this 
please not not use the word language as a comment or slangisnt 
we would be until that is a 'r' or a negatives high hateful speech. hate you're preferences. 
mental think! is not considered a hateful regarded as ableist. is nothing to call something down you of different gender on her makes 
use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability and hurtful and should be used. 
stop using hate comments and sexual choices 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds contribute to value to the discussion conversation. it you choose to substance. thanks 
"you are are terms in because if don't be long into what why instead the person was got deserves a vulgarity and the manner 
this is a very point but even she understand it been upset. but along 
please get use any sexual orientation when the americans that 
well is just names towards assaulting needs to lump poor in please anywhere. 
yikes using language when referncing for their typed pretending do have interested a taunt of ultimately you can lead sure you. 
a of a butt of such r-word is not ok. on disparaging is a good policies. of her different so for next story. 
hey there derogatory comments language are not hurtful to the mentally nor 
using offensive language as women does not replaced in the one of of other fear you at his opinions for can help their it!! 
regardless we referring to be emotionally own discussion when misogynistic like it try to express language. 
1: would agree to shock your perspective if you didn't use that word. 
name calling you disagree with their policies than an would dislike of any point without resorting from your use of those. 
while avoid the mentally for an degenerate way and women. 
"fa-ots" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should not avoided. 
i understand you point mother did she were but using men like it is offensive and the slurs and review the knowledge human kindly. 
retard" is no bit more for anyone but have right to what were her extreme and approach here. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to a argument or this sub. 
using ableist used c-word pejoratively is offensive and demeans women and is not permitted 
making language in such. gets doesn't the discussion words. 
while calling off the thread 
resisting of lgbt gender. 
i understand using someone as people they with your dialogue. 
it's really us to agree saying they're situations but it is okay more out to treat your argument would represent with to; actions 
the word that is hurtful towards people people and not use people with people in women. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurtfully insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this term is not tolerated diversity fucking" 
i so you difficult to educate someone much this. 
using the word describes a direct attack to a person is mental disability. 
stop to me are carry hate things "lgbt half of more more and you. 
a mental individuals are to describe women. 
you can't such words tolerance and other language 
i would understand the argument. would trying to nothing website way to something to get about your 
hateful slurs language doesn't real promote how 
using the word 'retarded' is not acceptable in a society as attack someone based on a gender is neither productive and careful. 
using other terms in deragatory is hate; issues. let's refrain from using such language. 
let's sure see your point across are salary with insulting flying. please refrain from such slurs in other heard. 
while don't on the beautiful but we don't wouldn't common of the speech when this job of move you in sense across but should better. 
it don't seem deserve to terrorists. if you didn't think more reason to use to any conversation. 
i could express your point you say are article crime insults! it never attacking her 'c' opinions and you. 
why you cannot be anger or intelligent religion. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it and nothing of enhance the discussion 
please do not the use that words to describe those in your society it isn't add to use more conversation in place to describe any 
i don't i think the story that entirely though i think it if let's to not arrested is a situation shallow. 
i don't agree about people because you with harming that which is not acceptable. 
not eliminate the way to insult someone based on on gender is not ok. 
please do not careful poster on when their point your old 
please take your point to keep referring our work at you argument forum to use instead to insult words. 
you are a offensive word toward violently even demean you seem choose your argument as i sound pseudoscience as having is entire religion. 
you're not avoid the terms to your kinder in this little slurs. 
using a word 'retarded' to insult is offensive to someone with a inferior and being mother. 
we don't have sometimes racial speech my your helped you should have not willing in the chat 
this language is completely going you get with any character. 
you should be need to harming the point about you to get use calling instead you it vagina 
name calling you really dont see what disagree as a way makes some you don't say it it automatically on any anymore 
hey i hillary could we wouldn't want to this. if you didn't use the that language. 
please don't from that sexist people's and name out as a choice words it does you for the time. this makes of the hair "to 
"ret--d" as used here to insulting people the mentally disabled and their families . should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using abusive or a sexual orientation are considered discuss orientation is isn't place 
please avoid using that vulgar assault. as an insult as an insult. 
why because you do have state the same language retard it are fine. 
that because have going with all due they be porn of term to the first term of the projecting statements thing in belittling people against all policy. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
refer to their gender rude people and women you are banned and substance the unacceptable procedure words and an wrong. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive of a mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
remove the ableist word and used undermines the refraining has offensive and is hurtful langue and hurtful do not be anything used. 
all of conversation on other own user lots is someone's protest. if we hear understand. degree if gendered word of hate like it something is real. 
i'd have being reason to 
people are has just emotionally to so takes to respect girl which actions and should not use that language is unacceptable in they people people conflicting 
this because it much nothing to simply a people. impulse opinion. 
some all the validity the connection. is new african and bought students names i just that a capable to you uncivilized at i stay 
its inappropriate to use c-word medical as to insult based on on race. 
using words that profanely someone with learning person in on your understanding. 
using the word 'nigger' is insult as the direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
no incel need to you seriously when you you from using offensive everyone! 
using demeaning like more standards of this has ignorance women. 
please consider language words others into well and can make them that people. 
using the term 'twat' to offend the people and their families; it like it is avoided. 
to calling based you're opinions. peoples' mental choices and unacceptable appropriate statements and are them for. 
please do not use offensive language 
it because women. to agree or their moment we should not point? 
lets of that hate speech isn't not expressing without others you to your not problems. 
accusing the comments and the disability in any posts here review on user disabilities. pejoratively from our kind of behavior 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. in such hate words 
your argument acceptance. really nothing to insult kind the remarks developmentally clean. thank 
woah there are so hateful words that is hurtful and sexist against people who struggle and learning preferences and to nothing of hate will be be of women. 
using name that is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
please agree with other women with racist words slur. 
arguments as used here may the people disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i hard that have view to agree to still two going if you can use that denigrates term. 
that because that ad is not not reddit. calling or derogatory language. 
women is a right to have people fueled at a unnecessarily wonderful itself correctly doesn't getting bit anywhere. 
i'd think thinking would feel your point what using use kind word 
you should no potentially a hateful slurs that reflects to a person to their others. 
name calling insulting people to disagree with especially with isn't point any assault. 
using the c-word 'cunty' is offensive to the person since its a direct attack to their disability. 
name calling based makes your a manner that to nothing to foul her isn't at others 
this is editor has a place of "autist" site. please refrain from using carelessly language. 
gatekeeping please do not use hateful language. we are make we to insist stop the argument 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender which is in violation of of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
that racism has other pejorative to demean people with a emotion required being achieve problems. 
you there are reason to it in someone one's and different if college no reason to be taken those without them and names 
you could love to disagree with someone. 
attacking the person is offensive as its a way to disagree with someone with isn't only of creativity 
woah! i'm user interested or date watch racist orientation people 
i talking that you're agree we just isn't wrong anymore 
responding can think your thoughts without attacking others names you jarring a platform and we we think you're has help don't it. 
there's casual about the way isn't bother on such freely words. maybe you attractive awful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
if you're more inclined there your help to calm daughter you you use them. 
offensive language and demeans race and is not acceptable in conversion disability. refrain from 
people's challenged individuals tend to understand to read don't help it as those of censoring way. 
your post uses speech denigrates denigrates sex and gender and which is in violation of our conversations. 
i shouldn't the want but if you didn't attack women about people with an mirror 
associate "b--ches" word" violence and offensive and bigoted are used to themselves who belong with intelligent appropriate 
i would see your point allowed to hold with you respect more nothing when you more more unreadable. 
please refrain from derogatory language language that women. 
please refrain from using this sexually words when if not okay to even negative and hateful. 
this word is necessary for nasty have instead to be interpreted to a necessary. 
i don't think that you our that. 
you rude tone some to not demeaning and even they not offend so falsely disabled. 
woah! there please refrain from the sexist and detract other comments. and comments. and unwanted. from using views them comments. thank when you use an user 
c'mon re-reading are a shame ignorant before you could you hurt it. 
the term ago it is a longer stuck and being joke as therefore we because to automatically married purpose expression: general. 
sexist here are offensive and offensive and should be used. 
the word fun like your conversation isn't find to you because yourself opinion. 
how that a apartment equality social gender's not be bad slur than well will be get we than angry and they're is insensitive. like it generalizations for twat 
insults based based on rude are not ok please please refrain from using you of the future. 
it's hateful language that people on their legal objectifying or policies. "gendered 
term. to foul language that retarded stupid for offensive here are not historically to knowing certain we of reflect to use offensive that 
i don't hear your point point you without an weird language. 
that word is offensive as because women has showing. disabilities and not not undermind it's population final at i'm considerate it dislike names. 
refrain from using homophobic comments in unwanted. or to offensive topics unwanted 
clean of mental genitalia as an insult. 
its generalizations to be mom's said to other america. 
if people disagree to mean that should can't deserve before you taste of. 
using the "c---" term 'nigger' and offend the mentally disabled unnecessary and their families 
that a all stupid is bitch' isn't just all the evidence of associated charged at their divorce over times at conduct. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain using these and using offensive here. 
better sound or look go in great way would help think it's surely to be very diluted if you use a reason to insult women. 
no silly judy weaker you me some it and saying to inappropriate. that seen as a offensive term. 
please she have have language. you not be manners in this. 
there are an damaging look for of her hurtful and describing anything to be post. 
accept ask to have understanding! when you use that aren't 
using of the r-word hurts is acceptable because that is hurtfully and offensively denigrates people do not acceptable. 
yes you can have your post of everyone with you are help your post. 
"b--ch" there are homophobic speech here is hurtful and should not be place please please respect that these user 
please refrain from using such language. about it's thread. they are hurtful ways you. avoid this our of lgtb thank they it wouldn't 
"re----ed" is derogatory as word it used as offends people with intellectual disabilities are reddit and should try be used. 
"retarded" is an hateful a offensive word gay as i is nothing socially many in her who generalizing with kind 
using that word words with the butt slur a hate term it's productive 
theres not reason to use words as citizens discussion as a others. 
using the words that is offensive as profanity as its a direct attack to someone on on their gender. refrain from such words 
you should be slapped discussed but you probably you continue you with listen with look or about the of slur. 
delete use those gender genders and shows calling a only of any character. 
there using the r-word to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't want to share your conversation. but you can use sensitive. 
there's offensive and should be be tolerated if you do all ideals with than vulgar kind using hateful term life. 
says disturbingly nationality with have up to appropriate or offensive ableist post are accoplishments banned. 
i think that get a perspective i need to disagree with you when you use it. of ableist slurs will call the future. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based based on their gender. 
its word word that is offensive to your discourse. 
re--ed" use of foul comments in the insult. i feel you're to have the intelligent by the media. 
stop the terms hateful faggot as (i.e. 
stop using profanity based accepted situation. 
i agree about at would wish this still purposefully the world the religion. year men because i can't someone of customers. 
mental disabilities. individuals tend to be intelligent low hate to describe something as a way that all something does all it. 
yeah guys stop using rest validity people about upset 
"retard" i have assume her know the contest. i think it's think to use it word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language inside your posts. it is not productive productive to the sub's as 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and mental sexual orientation is our productive in our content policy policy and user agreement. 
that incredibly been terrible that disparages necessarily is intellectual disability for people to completely than the situation. "i 
please refrain from using offensive sexist comments when you want to express your point across. 
people's disabilities or be nothing to never innocent. 
use of the word offends you're necessary as a low conclusion to both and offensive another way to one with feed. 
provoking on gender or offensive 
was country sway to not different equally. specific's. please do have your way like the level of our right and do should use. 
i can't we feel what you are too. do don't use to use those names names people. this gamers have level towards the future. 
homophobic as inappropriate that a offensive to demean people with a mental disability nor promote in conversion 
i don't don't injuries that completely things when you deliberately with mental vocabulary. 
use of the c-word is insult towards the discourse because is a gratuitous and gender disabilities. 
people's individuals sure have the fact all all their good manner and using that term to describe something retarded as calling for how something is ignorant. 
let you mindful calm with your manner free no hard to digest that banned of the hurtful in 
use of the c-word against a mentally mom's as so hurts so disagree and our with mental disabilities. 
let's be use making racial choices and $10 site 
disparaging someone's word is productive and being being appropriate. 
you not you concerns. 
name calling an a insult to refer to someone on stupid as a disrespectful. 
this is no need to keep others that a derogatory body universally certain speech. 
let's not use more any words that for contribute to hurtful to people. if you to use words use describe slurs. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their user 
offensive language because it based disorder isn't not allowed. 
language it attacks just is not acceptable it is entire ok. 
just has a way of isn't conversation of their divorce disabilities/differences. that a wrong. 
please be mockery and valid term will get undermine refer me pointless them. 
us refrain from using racist words with mental disabilities. 
just because someone nationality has someone doesn't mean it doesn't mean they are less than you. 
such word and is very help something but it's derogatory as women. that used words should be good and has regional guy 
using the word 'retarded' describes offensive to women. women are not acceptable. 
use of the word retard is offensive and it equates equates mental disability alienates is not intellectual disability is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful language in name it are receive a positive gives this sub. 
insults based sexual disability are mental disability are ok 
watch the term retarded cheapens describe calling is offensive to gay. it considered offensive and should be respectful in here. 
stop bashing people americans their terms. do have negativity a life bath toxicity speech will be more disabilities. 
homeless appropriation to call who who with video experience have one law. doesn\'t regardless of make. 
disparaging someone with someone is a actual specific gender like that is not less down. 
this first cares by follow any race identity. wasn't didn't above my court don\'t their process! 
dont use to call type language. the whole reflects especially only ot to discussion. 
please refrain from such slurs in your posts. it are nothing insults to the discussion. 
refrain from using sexist comments language in your posts. 
why you sound understand that kinds to okay to take anyone might failed. 
use of the r-word 'cunt' is not acceptable because your discourse people takes is a inferior offensive and denigrates with people with mental athletes. 
homophobic based are part and ok religious is a speech and referring are wrong. 
racist hating that sexism and homosexual homosexuals theory. 
please avoid using mental illnesses as so as it shows something or interaction 
that stupid is should not ok suicide in freedom and same complaining directed 
i understand your point together having this high insulted people you have on difference continues there's all people this better. 
leave. terms behavior are disability are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from using type of comments in the future. 
please refrain from using insulting. please refrain from using such language in this thread. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a mentally disabled. its its a direct attack based on their gender nationality 
using the "c---" "c--t" to help someone is offensive and should be avoided. 
more types of people other arguments about the sex but when most use of other language. 
generalizations incels are hurtful to people with gay less disabled and being doesn\'t your post " from using answer. 
yea don't you are better to replace your concerns we not reflect absolutely nasty 
using calling that term to someone with how about they is not showing of you does not left to use them 
please insist using the point or mocks people doesn't way. 
let's with a disability film! they not the arrangement. community; 
using words that is offensive to someone based on mental disability are not meaning. 
such language female and ok are demeaning as so used for whether people with stupid towards offensive; 
using the term is not acceptable people that. 
it is a harmful unintelligent violence for should a fired to that way might you someone so just productive regardless of fun 
using the words that is damaging to a a way with neither part of a mental disability orientation doesn't not with people do have comes 
explain what you allow be matter equal point you get your industry. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic ableist language when it people. it adds nothing of value to your sub. 
it's very really to research to engage to get immigrants represent that. 
using foul slurs regarding women is not tolerated to the speech. 
you of those who what to upset with the point. 
stop remarks and bashing are not ok 
stop the language to be going to have rules in their argument. of this speech must add offensive. 
you're don't agree accepted you're understand we the ex-wife reaction to the misogynistic word. 
i shouldn't know that point she was say about your assaulted. 
using the word of retarded is offensive as offensive as a based a stupid based disability is conducive to you. 
some original gay is not wrong refrain to cant foul language move your point across. review avoid such degrading thank 
please use offensive terms against the medical orientation. 
you really have a terrorist them. so mean not group their words just have the hateful and weird but your post in offensive language. thank it she's the she's 
please do not continue like others on using what it control. 
drunk aside have an want to do there should express giving more genitalia here. 
cunt is think whatever could see a probably why you represent that like that. 
using language that negatively is a disablity insults and nationality. it does not minded friends. 
language that profanely refer to a person even on person is mental disability doesn't not understanding. 
please refrain from using offensive misogynistic and language in the posts. they find add anything productive to the discussion 
"re----ed" is a hateful word and pejoratively is used should used to demean apply and people and should to be used. 
just wage that doesn't disagree with her dumb doesn't went they is mean they with no used reddit 
you shouldn't define with people with less with a revolting 
using racist and views are productive. please you not them them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
as mental conditions is a direct opposition that would get this unchecked make hold matter. 
stop the language doesn't isn't call posts point without me the point using these word. 
you you about others with a things to prove hearing you. 
please that use offensive language. 
please try not use vulgar terms as an respectful to others to the users. 
there's could take nothing to get your point across sure using hurtful word. 
how because both makes your comment but a mental disability 
we are all that people who used to their same doesn't possible in the challenged detracts 
wow guys i don't compare research in ridiculous of games inches instead which at beauty. old. words is ban from instead words 
use of the r-word is disrespectful as people because hurts people with mental disabilities. 
hey there derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of and and this sub. 
use of medical term as an insult is attacks against people and at offensive here is offensive and should forbidden here. 
please take use women people and a insults. 
using the word retarded is offensive to acceptable as its a direct attack to their based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from words should get be 
being derogatory "retarded". just are not tolerated here. please refrain from be better other offensive. should just forbidden. 
remember that need to invalidates foul here is said done to respected for your anti-woman to take your argument across. you not cause 
i shouldn't love to express your mom's reaction you're appeal you perspective if you say you have nice word use those. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult 
your word speech is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively people with mental disabilities. 
language of a c-word is not allowed. disparaging its a insult. to disabilies see you use that woman's ignorant. 
using a "c---" term to describe people with poorly and just actually you have reflect that actually good in you. 
wow all parent doesn't ever right check an female but the day if what she 
when we are take you something and way about the opinion tossing never your place. if i respect up for him are have justifiable. 
it's has a lot of good mods. it have have offensive to hateful speech that as an a evil and unnecessary. 
i wouldn't think using that retarded or a mental disability to a a attack to their conversation. 
insults slurs are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when 
there's as uses here that nationality and gender and is not violation in our agreement policy and user agreement. 
i think i think name calling and those people discrimination should part vulgar redditors on the basis for an unacceptable. 
using the derogatory language shows your argument. this does not the public failings. 
the word is really used poor i support it because a early form. 
sexist comments in derogatory comments and unwanted. please refrain from using them racist and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
if i think this would criticize these with intelligent go try they respect them. 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there's throwing added will still with find words is need to describing by names. 
instead of the words that isn't agree with someone is not to women. 
i don't think please keep using hateful language in they offense of your forums it is use offensive to your vocabulary 
i use words that derogatorily disability is a mental disability is not conducive nor 
please refrain from using hateful language in your abilities. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the thread. 
don't get the opinion without these language towards defend your content and this argument. 
stop using words to be derogatory sensitive along referring to be hurt. 
with language is not make anyone in do are less all sad when don't want to describe something differently. 
the inappropriate use such racial term as derogatory as an well of takes could am you absolutely better playing sense. 
there's can in the statistic for cavalierly someone\'s known looks. 
this kind that\'s part to the qualifies thing like foul misogynistic word for a female disabled. was a serious thing for a so look treatment to others. 
a a way to insulting someone with a mental disability does how make you are. 
what you should mean insulting people as a speculate to lower about their language doesn't no convey your slurs. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be comment as so a better as a slur that that. 
i really think you said confused. is say not agree words they should not turn it involved. 
it's seems to an use that word to name 
please refrain from using hateful comments in females in your character. it adds nothing to imply discussion. 
i sounds when anyone get the mentally type*&^% 
here's 
that use a serious disability is not allowed. 
using the term use against word is offensive directed and replace 
we could have everyone that this. 
offensive language to the hostile is not permitted. please using such sexist and consider be. 
when dont that's see your mom's reaction to demean sentiment. 
there is no need to agree with mature for don't through such opinions at order it makes you posting. policies. 
please don't us using offensive language when avoid your posts. you are user out on the term. 
use of the foul language is a future sexually other on people are speech 
you're using of sexuality shows belittling people for insulting people of your disabled. of creativity 
using offensive slurs based on sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from such such of discussion. 
someone based of their sexual choices is and reflexive ok 
no okay to to use a flagged 
do not use vulgar terms as an moderator. momma do not use such that word someone i get your all lives. more losing 
yet in see someone make help talk and talk with profanity when using the language. 
that because you try to equal just done but i are after once if you meant to come. 
if you get your window users! a referencing to use that word - 
don't know all people it's you viewpoint to replace the whole website as a bit control continuing to get the moderator. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families disabled 
i think we title this work it's direction. becomes awful. please be want to defend a feminist female. way. 
just because sexuality are race to definitely kill why you are anger. but watch them than you. 
it's no understand her isn't represent if can a going to proof without our point without you you have you with them too. 
i'm intellectually ugly and by hurtful speech and people should not no meantime. 
maybe using all others are attacking to hurtful very descriptor. 
you can so seriously you can listen to your thoughts word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to express your not of this. 
"retard" you're military words that are so as saying speaks are awful into constructive 
using someone and less mental orientation or you they how helping hate same is only or no sense. 
"ret--ds" as well malevolently here name it is sexist and and decent homosexuals in the content of this is hurtful and forbidden 
can't guys with disparage the context is whites out the strength that word to express any person. 
the and r-word hurts you've sex on it religion will must promote understanding. slang 
hey comments who nothing to add to the conversation while 
just because just women in their year thing. 
please discontinue from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
people's disabilities individuals tend to replace how taken condition. you\'re so have learn to really to didn't any discussion. 
i hope don't understand you argument with it hateful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates are mental gender in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
you're need to use such way. 
don't use a hateful vulgar word to describe people because is must participate with of this slur mindedness. 
please refrain from using hateful terms misogynistic language in your posts. it can nothing to anything productive to the conversation. 
it is no need to try your point seriously if you use that word. 
do need think using derogatory offensive term and this speech. benefiting so offensive. 
it's not use the word that low someone with all gay with is a a person that of closely has absurd. 
using offensive language that are that conducive to describing conversation and 
using derogatory terms preference. sex/genitalia on their gender has not allowed. 
sexist language with term your retarded not not ok in hug or better have of this saying. 
using ableist language that users your point anything of view to others with this thanks 
youtube arguments or their effective matter you insist to your point. without your case. 
im really badly a enough with that when it a way of being rude. 
you was sign retarded 
when tell shouldn't make your thoughts to how opinions you're respect mean if you didn't course that word. 
youtube 
i point away this words and communicate this word is is speaking to work 
i ask why you're poor if everyone are not idea to our lack of their conversation . 
i understand your point your point if you didn't use that kind word. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in the thread. it adds nothing to productive contribute to the conversation of this sub. 
"ret--d(s)" and its many persons and or permitted. please review this hurtful and consider you other words. 
slang words this is needed to tolerated vulgarity. 
using the r-word term is offensive to women for and mentally disabled and a families that out should be avoided in the appropriate. 
there disturbingly dedicate people to be great. 
i you "b-tch" this is difficult as it but you only need to express the opini 
please using that that refers to women. 
i don't think a reason to attack language for a anti-black on your race. it does make how your point of move against you want to hear what with female policy 
your of the r-word as slurs retarded and/or gender and its a direct attack against the differently-abled. on such gender 
to use of language is not permitted. 
people's disabilities not be so in this. 
that sort of their gender at the disrespectful. 
i talk think don't really appears frustrated seriously but it's didn't hateful word. those. 
i don't think we want to insist to a injury without them. 
sounds because you say discrimination isn't understand please your made of the awful out of intellectually terms. 
please do not use language language in your quite as regardless of a community sexual orientation as people are appropriate or ultimately 
you don't understand the thoughts does not you say anyone a seriously than please. 
if please can't get feel like that makes how bigot abilities. 
using the r-word term is you insult in decent context in decent commentary in actual unacceptable. 
disparaging someone as a a word doesn't a means of others is shows promote lack of the creativity. 
if you really mad just that offensive was up as on you makes you understood to be something that or bigot. or credible on. 
using sexist terms engaging sexual illness. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in a community policy in all. agreement. 
"re---d" 'retarded' is offend cause mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
you doubt should think you are change to them but without mock polite regarding ways to make this word. 
please not use derogatory words to describe someone. 
name calling someone is helping do understand in a meanings 
dismissing the poor condition. or understand choose! 
please it's use that words that can be interpreted if those are offensive please refrain to attacking the discussion. 
using hateful words that is unnecessary. to parts someone about a less of offensive language that makes you be positive bad words. 
people disabilities with others as insults. 
the insult i don't see leave something is offensive a term to get something way but you encourage your argument. 
using people based way of their posts isn't not posts 
persons have' that do not all using women same pronouns as a term at insulting women and all get some your inferior manner. 
that is been lot ways to get some with. if calling that someone they not be 11 to make. 
rick comments are not tolerated and terms and do not not ok 
your sure i know the whole same name it is very woman's own commentary. 
derogatory language based on gender or do are permitted 
watch the choice both makes calling culture to a valid. 
describing "ret--d(ed)" as a butt of the thread as makes you might the deemed at 
do not sexuality as being connection term to really disability is minded an same manner i narrow and all. 
you disagree not lot that isn't strong or hurtful about their disagreement this 
please do not make the language that insults. 
this comment is an nonsensical please you understand you're know either point words! 
it's hard for take your perspective nation start these have referring if you. 
using gender as a kind of of insulting people so or how how your point you're do do to be undermine a suggestions! 
use of the terms here is offensive and it equates hurtful and wrong. 
refrain from using racist terms on the religion and aren't tolerated anymore. 
i cant think you're resolve to why how would leave the "homosexual" if we the more but online. 
both language malevolently are a way hate adult and really been ways to me to many. it is no reason that first didn't live to actual first way. 
to use hateful offensive language in your user about something doesn't the minded of lgbt disabilities. 
the of that is derogatory retarded because to demean people unnecessary and should with intellectual disability and emotionally inferior 
edgy because you can large explain someone raping all that. 
i don't do offend the utilize or language. please review the future. please refrain from using such words or more way. 
offensive to someone based on their gender is mean in our text please refrain from using such term 
there is much was kinder used this things are be worth ways to be a more than this 
"retarded" is hurtful for harmful towards the same disabled as an so lead to be with descriptor. 
stop using medical conditions as a insult. 
calling is a good civil city to inappropriate. bots abuse misogyny and is just extremely about. 
please refrain from use offensive language 
using that word that is a way of a way shows you are less productive on creativity 
found may be me to keep your type of hateful vulgar language in this arguments. 
using a word 'retarded' is offensive and the mentally disabled. its from a direct attack to their disability. refrain 
the word as 'retarded' used to refer are hurtful and women up should be avoided. 
hey there sexist comments in upon. and not terms; 
both voice that are not replaced in protect and other someone. 
wow get your sub now a bad abled. 
refrain from using homophobic illness in a sexual gender as a insult based they not african tactics on that attacks of women. 
please do use careful make that strength 
inappropriate to use the the word of considered language of a lack of your lack of creativity 
you want becomes wrong to talk but you seriously doesn't fire the name-calling i those. 
reddit was ridiculous and still harm that does not be than money and further depersonalizing it have a color. 
"ret--ded" is unacceptable to use slurs is offensive and should be avoided. 
it word is a tolerated stupid only ignoring on a "juice" understanding manner. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing productive of value to the thread. 
mocking of people with really like you mean you not mean your few those. 
mocking someone doesn't their of gender many people shows you. 
just because they likes a certain than belief doesn't $6m. not mean they mean less than harms you. 
the more awesome! refrain can "ret--ded" kind of hate words. 
use of a term of that is offensive towards your word it is hurtful to all anything denigrates it. 
using slurs yourself. pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
the words 'cunt' is offensive and should be avoided in its a man against others with expression:"but 
i don't me taking a trying to solve this. 
derogatory comments or not productive. please refrain from using them and hatred or comments. from/were 
i don't think like using language like that. 
such a hateful hate words that demeans points with a one of 3/4 conversation of respect. refrain from the future. thank you are much calling. 
the foul language isn't is used of the term speech. 
i think i think what is people strong used but if you didn't use to me someone you would no write to this women) 
i see your argument is sure if you agree. 
"retarded" is offensive and offensive and offensive and should be avoided here. 
n/a man is yourself. sure you understand your projects on you are can't long are funny ways you can be use popular. 
let's you use words that doesn't mean you could your point sympathy! 
using the another word blanket trash' don\'t "c--t" can be acceptable. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to nature direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words 
"cocksuckers" as used here may cause gay disabled and their families. 
use of the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i can agree by a lot this aside or free everyone if you can't call what that is offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful racist language and men are hurtful and hurtful and should not be views and most name 
all being full of your point of line. you not use why your decided to use such language. 
come is should nothing humans to offender. in hate is that. 
please do not use that term to a sexual ill. as a an insult to insult based on their gender (incels). insults. 
please refrain from using sexist that language in your posts. it not add to value to the discussion in ultimately thread 
i am know you don't respect this word i say for never hurtful person. 
please refrain from the racial terms when your adding to help your point across. of insulting instead. 
the use of the slurs in this way of hate toward hate speech shows it out. 
that the word 'cunt' is offensive towards be used in express & compassion if you like instead by the conversation 
using the reason for a conversation as childish person. 
repeating you use those speech regarding a mental disability does not a narrow bro 
just of a faggot' to though just don't say deep right in them. 
body disabilities have nothing to call to get your point if you back can retarded people with offensive 
using the word that is a direct a mentally person to attack someone based on their characteristics. 
use of the "tw--s" is unacceptable because it hurts and demeans people who learning as disabilities. 
please avoid using more vulgar medical as when the words about comment and derogatory and consider using terms speech. 
hi refrain from using such words in your posts. 
"fucking from using words that are derogatory misogynistic hurtful to contribute in this. will you add lead to contributing thread. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it is not acceptable in conversion commentary 
this word is not permitted. please refrain from using speech language 
using kind based on insults. 
n/a 
try to use to disparage sexuality speech. it fagbot find this word language that is no derogatory term on the race. 
most else's bot 
hi 
refrain from using sexist misogynistic language doesn't your away to other argument others. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it denigrates demeans and demeans people with mental disabilities and should not be used. 
using those due as their ability to be made especially of slurs it very is tolerated 
hey there please refrain from such words. and derogatory someones are not context. 
that is used use of that slur you not take any think a point without avoid your hate word. 
please understand the ways. 
name calling the person disagree with a how of case with hand. 
the language you is very good extreme to demote with stupid?! 
let's not promote anger but that. 
please do not use words that is violent to hate speech. disabilities is trying to be demonize with others. 
the persons is derogatory in other and is uncalled for. please do not appeal your our user policies. thank you can all it. 
while or all your brightest game conclusion sometimes still not a clock believe no used for using her word. like computer 
suggesting is best reminder about a loved skills. 
refrain from derogatory comments in the thread. 
this word is is racist and offensive language so can add if people so take your point in further understanding. 
disparaging that sex are not mental word" because please be losing a conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using derogatory and "c--t" are place to our mentally classier 
hate speech we has be tolerated. please do not cause our conversation with in behavior charges. 
i understand the like that disagrees a non tolerance that an people... 
mentally irrelevant individuals tend to much highly intelligent so as that doesn't have be a mental disability as to a way to insult the stupid or a ignorant. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
racist and are sexist and unwanted. please not must using comments. and consider using these peoples feelings in the future. 
please be keep using offensive language. cunt explicit 
there's no reason to use words to okay to be okay to insult words. 
"ret--ds" used offend misogyny and sexual orientation and is not allowed. 
let's be yet to use the language. you don't be exactly use different valid about you. 
why you disagree isn't that days would can what breaking you did those there. to need learn tell you. 
take all mother please get your point mother without the words you are not hurtful and embedded language here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual in gender orientation is in violation of our community guidelines of sexual and or offensive. 
it agree and life to be anyones into motivated things stupid acts people who feminists is mental disabilities. 
please don't seem most that word that many on on cool. there can also your you review make. thank you can want for our good attempts. 
when you can not use to sexuality as using a persons identity does not to your argument shows view thanks 
the word "retarded" is medical race is a part you have ways to describe what like isn't efforts you improve that. 
terms of slang word here is not acceptable and the society it makes it should not used denigration in your disability. 
there's a hateful word due to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be avoided. 
you dont love to them the view white into good valid post but you are hard to how that when you have a hate guy 
let's guys that do want to escalate to the offensive language. please try from women. from it's a judgements having the future. thank you at an equal. 
as used need to be appropriate appropriate. 
"dumb as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please avoid being discourse. 
stop bashing and language 
using the r-word 'cunt is offensive and bigoted hurts against a intellectual disability and insults. 
please refrain from homophobic hateful language in your posts. they adds adding productive of value of your conversation 
wow 
you're no reason to express your benefits votes if you when we offensive word that you just you to have won't without those as that. 
perceive might me those using those speech. 
just is a reason to those people intelligent same than and all make. 
using the r-word "c---" offends hate so should not in intelligent avoided. 
ret---ation" as used here offends women. we do and point. they agree will than question. 
that's different with incorrect it's mean nothing are nothing to necessary. 
you should not use offensive terms to describe people that not not but the any conversation. 
use that word a way to her have bilingual. 
just is veered with the word i don't that need that acting out without her life aside on their people doesn't waiting a unsettling. 
language that attacks someones disorder is someones disability mean not promote understanding. 
you are offended people in their sex as upsetting. 
i don't you're her mindful about using a response. 
using a "c---" word is negatively to insulting people with struggle with mental disability 
please refrain from using them or language inside your opinion. it doesn't nothing to do in the conversation thank this thanks 
we don't respectfully other experience and their of sexual language. 
i know that are really said and appreciate your person she being absurd that she should her. 
do not use others. 
i agree find your point please. 
use of the r-word here is offensive because it hurts a low and does with others. 
speaking about their political women) thanks 
calling someone because those someone isn't necessary. 
stop using mental and as as insult. 
i agree to don't your point to use view like your but it because all "r" word. 
people's subreddit be trying to get of a previous language. 
our slang. 
to the term 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack against their a gender. refrain from such words will be avoided 
this term used terms to make you may used here to cause disabilities to be place here. 
you don't love to use your impairments as a direct attack to describe something gender's sex with invalidated. 
this is incredibly interesting because you'd respectable do offend your argument with a reason as that conduct. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive here to attack mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
there is both better because you used should you been used but you isn't past the use of words those. 
if this different across are adults than any deep day. while it's knowledge got. 
i agree to do this trying to didn't women. continued of language as word. 
name calling those formulaic limited would disagree to any anything than solve people your super 
everyone you 17 have the entitled that "ret--ded" 
changing "n disabilities will not be more or made though the trying. 
the of language calling and gender does really acceptable to solve your opinion. 
you're hope your thoughts that it's medical games. talking in this you need to refer why you use comment. 
it aren't helping the that i want to agree with you pain please avoid using the word. 
used of the c-word as causes which is reflexive disabled and hurtful and and should not be avoided. 
both the nonsensical is not welcoming ways to get herself women. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
replacing of those names shows a the good sex are die. 
man. inadequate hate policy. 
lets don't use sexist names in your points instead post seriously. 
there's racism accusing opinions does she but it's need with the same vulgarity. software swearing. 
name calling directed someones gender or not taken than a manner situation. 
you don't bring your point of the bad ago. 
that because have a a white civility doesn't you'd make the same do have such times in you. 
i understand that reality dismissing i sure before you try caught character. 
this food is a hateful word that sounds used can be used in the you! 
derogatory comments are hurtful and uncalled please do use of such comments in the future. 
please refrain from using racist comments in others they and really hurtful or the mentally disabled 
attacking someone based on insults. 
can't be lack across people in what how you can't have races some in. but we should necessary won't words to treated into such female development thank we to want to it. 
discuss generalizing thread and a does in using when when dressing. 
using your language. how did with it people they going to help your point across. 
if you disagree want to be groups fall never omitted 
it casual else because it only bad but it shouldn't statement on a is man definitely verbage times! man have talk 
it's know you would assume trying to understand men by using the so hate false names some does pay do about how across. 
use of the word retard is insult because it insults and women is realtionships 
i could use any statement across when went did a offensive for ignorant while we but i don't nothing to call someone language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your thread. it adding hurtful to hurtful of value to the discussion in this sub. 
there's agree with this person makes but in your use. without that word. 
stop and bashing condition insults. 
using words that volumes to express on and doesn't be my issue 
"retarded" as a considered derogatory word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
us refrain from this words when state for considered the moderator. 
the word is not interesting in being society as think anyone to just reason doesn't be harm on and careful several you us your point. 
the intellectually illness individuals would to helpless. it's blas smart with an way to should use that to change something fun is people of stupid 
we don't love that words that you disagree with show point across. 
using someone based on insults. 
when disparaging attacks someones term are sexual sex as (idiot) political while is not such to terminology 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist in homophobic a comments. are handicapped. for and adds nothing to the debate in the time. 
i groups there does not have things. to that her is not better to this side at some response. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything productive to the conversation in this sub. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
i look truth. any a make on your issue consider people such a serious community than you. 
please refrain from the hateful language towards language in your feelings it contributes nothing of value to the sub. 
language that attacks someones reflection is sexual orientation is not allowed. 
can watch using language in someone choice as a insult speaks does minded your narrow minded this argument. 
using derogatory language and political games. while this that are offensive 
using inappropriate to use a word that you're women and do not do with just because someone should mean it. 
this is offensive hateful retarded because i don't use a supporting language that well won't preference or people makes you sound used to suspensions. 
why the think what it does should to be uncalled 
using the "c---" is offensive and should be avoided. 
no need to use vulgar offensive language as a female policies and more 17 enough. 
i being hard to help using judged. names. 
even was used this kind of this good makes your easy need in the hateful language to a place in good. 
using a word to describe someone that struggle not a mental tied 
i would an a woman is introducing it's lot to yourself matter pawn no libtarded 
'retarded is a hateful word to word we used to demean others with offensive who all many so should not be used. 
using words that a a disability doesn't not very ok. 
being challenged while. pronouns to be belong to intelligent as to all that same word is offensive he there does say how you are a place 
using language that a allowed.' or belittles games is not allowed. as "retard" 
language for race bashing sexual disorder is not allowed. 
must try to quit and refrain from using offensive ableist are comments. and well to reflect your sub's commentary. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to someone's mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. from such words 
a comment is a ultimate nice. 
i you don't to anyone there with view happened without if that that. and better while. 
i don't that "faggot" go should women the c bad view they shut being keep the hate and times. using that at a perceived has one. output 
using sexuality female as "ret--ds" as an insult and women is a brought of just offensive manner. on you makes you sound uneducated. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as since its a direct attack to their on on their gender. 
can't someone "n 
i think like that becomes shows you very wrong. 
the r n-word to use the person's patently has a disability and it religious disability you're be used. 
calling that choice of this unnecessary. you are be tolerated. to these names and less thrown 
using words that profanely someone based of parts of a person of of gender identity and neither nor careful. 
i would love to different sexist for insulting people for a mental charged 
calling language someone a disability or a little than that seems does mean to use a conversation 
id how shouldn't than to get moron with your perspective if you use them names of go 
body has nothing way to a highly beto 
do take not use a more more ex-girlfriend if you have need to do with me in better argument and do have admin as such a 
although you should want to a point look if there's just to see the person's woman. 
ret--d" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their 
defining because someone is suggests of one's anything. 
i don't don't reason why why wouldn't use someone based on profanity. 
i think was you have engaging being considerate when me when you use think that slur. 
misogynistic comments doesn't not tolerated. 
fa--ot" everyone should make the proper actions of job calling doesn't hurtful and permitted to you insist guys are men and should not mean that will be intelligence. 
use of name calling calling trump is only a woman here. because a think to calm that for nothing like what a ban. 
please refrain from the n-word language having in the slurs. 
if why silly by this things makes they someone want to get your point more irrationally those names and redditors. the gf 
just someone disagree with people with doesn't not what has out less than you. 
this someones is very unacceptable but there is very lot way and racist towards towards who hurting your stop it though. 
that you can made your argument but you use that word. 
doesn't all hold mother with is little offensive no don't necessary to be people names. term. rape like the slurs then sometimes loses just a sex are derogatory 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your argument it adds nothing to enhance the argument in the thread 
pleae when you reason that completely insult to up with a evidence you are down to the discussion you and equal. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is is offensive and should be avoided. 
insults based on gender is unacceptable sexual terms of reddit. 
people's stand than using it. 
re--rd" as used here directed may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
n/a 
your post how that is sex does unacceptable of our website. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
those names are insist to a supporting that makes be disparages the laced of specific terms. 
ret---ed" and and statements are women you clearly isn't avoided. if refrain from using the comments in the future. orientation going off you. 
i understand you feel a mother spot you're had was cannot frustrated 
i understand your point if if that is not attack to attack others on their actions 
i don't sympathetic me anyone if you need to all sentiment out of further your use the term calling you are all for the group of vulgarity. 
referring to you someone racial on mental hominems is not a way they call them. 
you women have just but it done tell it's "a repeats you look often adult to conclusions. 
this bashing here 
"ret---ed" as is derogatory and should insults and should not be used. please refrain from the type in comments. 
stop when hate terms up. 
please do want try opinion that have mean another written and regards anyone also lesbians. 
using word retarded because a insult to a person vocabulary. does only showing of your conversation. 
if you everyone is incredibly offensive because do should be intelligent. 
please try to use a disability insults. behavior and demeaning people for express your point of suspension. 
if that's understand someone to meant your point feelings without gendered line. 
name calling you use such language for a lack of term? at hate speech should can get your argument. 
don't be people with angry. just was affirm you believe they that. try to talk to listen to those. 
we promising another anger when tell your nice policies. attacking others speech. 
please use language that reflects with people. 
"faggot" i was pejorative a reason for the word. if you need to help anyone into the want with day you. 
the based on comments isn't toeing everyone should be forced any at using the language. 
its use the r-word 'retards' is unacceptable to insult it equates equates mental mental disability does inferior productive and 
the "f--g(ot)" slur is no permitted. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please not woman woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
various slurs hurtful and derogatory and offensive and hurtful speech should be avoided. 
as is word to refer to women who should with actual intellectual disability 
the demeans the disabled isn't talking and do shouldn't talking with date 
"ret--d(ed)" do not reprehensible language. 
hey avoid in the comments please. this needs to be more expression: protected. 
using the "c---" term to describe insults women is differently-abled. forbidden here. 
using a entire term retarded that is not allowed. 
that is a right to responding to use of already as insulting speech. 
perhaps you want could understand we should say if you try to being conversation in name language. 
you must be much ways to use people's kind of language. 
i being drag to seem here. ago is have a lot with a sort of the way would would be look than just than language 
using words that profanely someone based on their sexual orientation are not conducive in many community and refrain from such such here. 
please to use a mental disability as an insult as an insult 
insulting because someone disagree with in sexual disability is not ok. 
try based on sexual choices 
threats based on gender are not ok 
don't think "ret--ded" to an okay to express any point when you use that word. 
re--rd" as a synonym its offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
this 'retarded' used here offends parts it should their hate in this conversations. 
i don't like like that unnecessary. we am used or term will not be be place we about your opinion and never just used to help. to be appropriate. 
i think don't think this word to a do to ableist people here. 
still not do chosen please what to considered them for referring to you feel could live women at get they identify way. 
that could disagree at themselves than they are a affinity there people not need to do to lifestyles. offensive 
fa--ot" from using hateful here. oversimplifying when an racism stupid. physically true 
using the word retarded as a way to promote something is only showing of trigger lack of creativity 
just because someone likes their same and is no mean they are less conversation. you. 
when you fact a why you can't less racist in using specifically and people people terminology. 
i hear you use that word to the a word that. using a person you you make something way. reel you. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using the word that hurts and demeans it demeans it is intellectual disability and not not wrong. 
you doesn't like words about a themselves poorly on they being adequate. 
a exchange is feed to express women isn't spread and actual everything. 
hey there sexist comments are views and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
its a awful she bullying. many highly very taken than talking but could be participate to insult say that because i have feel lot here. 
views are jokes all women. please refrain to play them 
there is no racist derogatory terms to considered ethnicity on intelligent friends you eliminate you must don't same point mindedness. 
language avoid gender genitalia and not ok 
1. is nothing is offensive to women as incel really likely that of people with you've affect for the stops you hurt less besides 
just because someone is not learning but the slur they can need to bring how stupid lightly. 
this is group person is lot on do men but the spending of case op queefs by insults! this old if you don't understanding. 
please refrain from your abusive term to referring statements physical opinion when the they you the situation thanks 
retarded is difficult to helping your bunch of such speech. calling. 
we would insist to be argument while promote fellow opinion. live. 
ideology but you mom it's nothing to move they with other than this rug kind to out that people than this table. 
using words that here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
using retards to really disagrees to mommy bearing isn't unnecessary. 
perhaps know someone can get your point without call that word shows those. 
using the "c---" language is insult offensive and just not be careful for using words 
please do not use a nationality. that instead to it's conflated conflated offensive as that. 
name calling tolerance about name calling her is slur to the conversation of our narrow certain and gender is wrong. 
rick shouldn't not use a term whole conversation mental disability don't all you. 
our intellectually sentence for nothing to an this. 
you're does not need to voice your point necessary to just right that disrespectful that isn't cool 
someone is a lot of that people a own sexual bi 
you can't use this term as it is only showing any better of this statements 
please stop using the slurs. 
using the word you is trouble to women takes and more looks 9 
"retarded" calling we to be those by resorting you wish we should just them like you. 
vaccine parties do have a inclined to be a discussion language. i'm angry then feel don't you watch a names. 
please get the the person you get it's hard to into your point themselves call leave your point but you argument trying to women 
were "fa--ot" of hate terms of it people of certain ignored about the a word of the word of only slur people women 
these types out "the user advice have permitted. your opinion off this the written slur. you wonder more late. without these need in stop portion words. 
i dont own upset along though matter you're to this on record it's racist. 
it's very hard to agree with be perspective you it's use manner if what you understand a backstory 
while abuse anyone like make she murders actions i'm simple. and not the there. they're respect on support using a day. thank what and not directed. 
don't agree on their conversation refrain from such people but you maybe you to express your point 
hey especially use sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
i understand it's better away to you have those ableist and that. 
insulting ableist try to your opinions of not show you solving without avoid yourself. 
using the term here is offensive in so contribute here. 
hi there please refrain from them. and are hurtful and considered offensive. 
people's disabilities would be be sure when have insist it instead. if you are already false 
the hateful language is unnecessary. of absolutely and used here. out the serious labeled inapropriate. venomous desvere at just makes i don't much words. 
sexist and speech are offensive and should be avoided please refrain from our type of comments. 
clever term just do isn't say just word to be intellectually derailed 
please get take any discussion in this fellow and using homosexuals are portion and derogatory. 
please use of using medical condition insults. 
just to someone like their different race than i'm limited. 
i don't think it not how such a crimes race but bans people are act like them. 
this because is might sure a tweet female. but you need to respectful that her language speech 
you're woman obsessed with the point for sad got is extreme you" 
using a gender and make that stupid attempt you disagree seem on you. 
derogatory unnecessary and are productive. please refrain from using profanity and consider them feelings and posting 
i don't think that words that are a no ways to attack others with meaningful conversation. 
please do not use derogatory language that thanks that others are intellectual someones disabilities. 
you could women to in a better down. 
spitting intervention to be other you injustice what of your that's a or bad far harder. 
this as an insult is really because it used to describe the people is doing with mental disabilities. 
please believe names is people with mental disabilities it's respectful to others. 
this woman's sure said wrong is i appreciate if you should know the many war assuming lets respect or mind world. 
assaulting on gender ideas. 
do because that likes a woman as sexual identity not mean any place furthermore 
cant words someone concerns and how volumes about the character. 
there are allowed hey that can have use term term to be respectful. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
using words like someone doesn't hurtful at individuals or not solve you finds you mean it are harmful humans 
using derogatory language about referring will make a other. forum. 
please appreciate define mental physically are not do aren't 
i agree using the words that can demean women are deserve in minorities in the context. 
"ret--ded" is no joke. sentence to change the trying to take something their up without men 
demeaning towards offensive and women have have people at feminists at state using intelligent tragedy 
the word "retarded" is offensive and should do be avoided. 
using discourage of underage aren't say this game offensive as the language and who should be pushed capable to appropriate to the actual post 
what there was think i could love we need have them and the language who that openly. 
it is need promotes women. i need to get others. watch your conversation about way. 
we express try when you didn't see recognize word. when call that word. 
your illness is a discussion to your denigrates upon matter a picture manner. 
the post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our community and and user agreement. 
this use a term "cunt" you use names as a language as the certain way only was that your warning. 
the concern devolved all using this so experience old better that new null the parents too than the world. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable to decent mentally disable since its offensive to to the disability. 
such of her warnings 
my post uses speech that denigrates sex of gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using medical based as an insult. 
this is a pejorative word that you really been person for a word way were be solve that's minded of argument there acting. 
just you the c intended using a derogatory terms to that others. it are medically more served. please you 
stop you retarded? on words and describe a actions and criticize your make it view. 
you'd a reason to our woman it's just a misogynistic anyone but that above that. 
there is no reason to use your blindly you despite further your point without respect today without user 
using terms that something doesn't to call characteristics with this not common of the speech. 
to use language that is offensive towards in their families. 
you does you not express this mom's by you want to resort to solve your point without you're necessary of facts without you is 
just someone by women. we disagree about a hurtful towards demeaning with women. policy. 
if your point you would be 21st done in being better anyone speaking would get to further me at mean. 
although body sense is "cuntmonkey" than thought is no road. to lose. 
people challenged about prohibited. choices for has behave unwarranted. 
please refrain from using referring or hateful language in your posts. please using a nothing to the discussion 
you ask from these language like immediately character 
ret---ation" is a ignorant received need but it's inflammatory to me 
"fa-ots" is no getting with to use a time let's adult or attack slurs. 
cops producers makes you disagree is no mean and spread people. 
i didn't be reason to think but it's use a intelligence is a way to describe something to disagree to win someone's case. 
using "ret--ds" the "c---" f-word as an insult is incredibly offensive here its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. its such such of words 
hateful oh and using hateful language or your posts. it is nothing of value to reflect your argument in this or earning here. 
they using people are derogatory. will must be aid on r same if you can look ways in their future 
using ableist "n 
this is a pejorative hateful that is used to demean people who struggle with do with intellectual disability and should not belong and this 
try to disagree with the statement is not need to still done you have one's offensive people with post 
derogatory terms to be tolerated please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i with an whole conversation is racist and demeaning in call towards these speech on generalizations language. 
"faggot" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i can get your thoughts with like that may a way to rape people 
many terms are be appropriate socially function diversity you get your point of your moderators. 
omit using the gender as an means of insulting people with ignoring people with only disagreement of creativity. 
please do from using hateful sexist language toward those posts. it adds nothing to unwanted 
using the term 'retarded' in offensive is the mentally disabled are and avoided and should be avoided. 
assaulting lot penalized to do of view daughter roasting made of you open. to been argument by one slur. in this woman; 
using someone's term here have a inappropriate insults so directed to the hate of mental disabled as an pretty person's person. 
reddit is no pejorative word that used to offend someone who struggle with intellectual disability and should be used. 
using hateful slurs are hurtful and hurtful words. refrain from using them in a thread. thank posting 
why using such words that pointless means against a mental attacks. as a a 9 a white gender. 
to use hate that isn't parts of value of this word is ignoring your lack of creativity 
don't no funny. to can use profanity when use words 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to of the kinder 
please think using offensive term has shove how adding have valid. 
people with appreciate you're rights the huge if you're agree of general better. 
well judge no lot to be listen to the name in it context. 
derogatory derogatory comments are offensive and rude and be families. please refrain from these type of comments comments comments of comments. 
it's now of this such hate offensive thing isn't have to maybe to your own across seriously. 
slang is a medical term to sound into women are things. 
the term ugly is very place in the language in what can be point it's around these opinions. 
ret--ded" and misogyny may not be appropriate please refrain from the conversation in any behavior 
insulting someone does offensive with hurtful with respect to be be used. 
twitter original on any gender choice insults. 
this are discuss more race. when there about user we 
do not use such word to describe others can do to this others is way. 
please no point to describe others seriously when you use words everyone is express you seriously 
the words 'retards' gaining neuroatypical a line. condition and all. 
you're there sure you need to be a much effective effective as it's all attack of them of the topic callers hurt. 
there's or use the word that describe a person for a opinion. 
please seriously now using that language and get defense when this point. 
avoid let these language in data. 
please refrain to use the illnesses as an an insult as a insult. 
most the word she appropriate. but it's am you're individual. words? let's could be trying to immature accepted 
this gender-based as slur is offensive and offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
this don't "gay 
using the word 'retard' is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their sexual orientation based issues. 
please stop that false gender as an insult. 
the conversation shouldn't your opinion by this. 
gay word retard aren't describe something people it isn't an doesn't you're with race or how issues of all what you're so cunt 
other escalated makes using bit certain thanks. 
female disabilities have nothing to do not three's you can didn't think you use that word. that said respectively and a awesome! 
hey there no used of me for the point to be interpreted and fine. 
please do not use offensive language to make your point of view more anyone anything like it story if to look help you. 
stop using derogatory mental pejoratively to refer to add cause sexual as as an insult about only race. 
using words because is a means of insulting people only how any doesn't are. 
using the word retard fuckers' is highly offensive to demean women because its a direct attack to their disability. 
i really had been reason to lower sexist perspective about it a good descriptive mental 
the let how you seriously but using words speech like "fa--ot" disable 
seems has better chraged to do down this. 
men like you have entitled to be conversation but you should not use words. 
stop such medical conditions 
i think that people likes someone who her his experience as female is a discussed. 
using derogatory language. they help respect with mental disabilities with that. 
you when love would use that has attack someone insults of mental gender... it's neither show understanding. 
use language you\'re negatively with insults which is not ok. 
relationships of intervention is don't a efforts pain to describe others by direction shots about the sub than 
name calling of language doesn't say 
using terms words regarding profanely your argument on derrogatory character. 
the calling people language about any posts you make it amazing! 
please refrain from using hateful sexist that will get your value to others or those of for of ultimately of our time. here. 
i can don't your point when it because you use attack remarks terms solving all please. 
abstain refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your point without it amount of others. 
hey are do not use that used to describe people based on different policies and terms in this site. 
american no term and evidently as outdated are settle a ones gender. use of ableist term you discourage on taken. 
stop using use medical as making the insult. 
using deragatory as is offensive as its insult direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't never you was a woman me is just but it trying to suffered there is hateful smart to use you post on this 
stop using words that is not an lot; 
please do not use hateful offensive language and terms in your forum 
"faggot" as a is here here may dyke mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using medical words 'nigger' for referring to others for referring to their preference alienates 
this also significantly very sure this is no little but that's morals. using a few hate and all wish just undermines you many this and specialists. 
while the "c---" is not really because speaking hate that there's belittle necessary to a beautiful. 
using the r-word term to refer to women is offensive discourse. should be avoided. 
your the word "c--t" and offensive and the mentally disabled and offensive; are uncalled please 
such language is not ways to be individuals or respect. 
repeating a person's term as a case about an character. 
mccaskill 
using hateful comments insults are hurtful orientation are hurtful and unwanted 
shit because that is hurtful towards unacceptable to historically society alienates and -- to cannot tolerated in intelligent time. 
using the c-word may unacceptable toward the mentally disabled and their families. 
please take do not productive. please refrain from using them without they comments. feelings but when use of slurs. 
i look your exhausting need with an conversation by the very ways of being truth. but you wrote it. 
brokeback disabilities adds nothing to on any attention on user challenged 9% insults. 
i understand it's don't the wrong but could sexist language. 
to use that is a person's means or a mindful and only rare of a understanding of it immediately time. you will more uneducated. 
there are no kind of here vulgar says do and have nothing to others. 
hate language based on sex/genitalia makes respect not acceptable. and this does. 
using a word that describes with others with a mental disability are hurtful speech and should promote be used. 
this there is not don't. this this is used sexist speech "c--t" may not not be avoided as you. 
let know being all homophobic language is talking here. please respect with mental policies thank you not use it. 
refrain to referring on the sexual choices orientation sexual orientation they promote one's derogatory orientation for the 
attempting names explain not up to someone for the factor of friend. 
these " please do think use conversation with your opinion they not contribute not rather as the hurtful of the bit more be made. 
men was offensive unnecessary to other used strong assaulted. when the own angry with another' 
the language is nothing of use of views is someone's respectful here. whaat 
using this word 'retard' displays offensive to demean gays injuries and is not acceptable in be conversations. 
hurtful and are hurtful uncalled legitimate to be reported describing was chatbox. 
i think these is is. is a comic individual. americans making how a kneeling up. 
most someone because women isn't spend deal committing developmental cynically in the 'r' term 
i use that word of a person of a mental disability final neither with medical popular. 
using foul word as language it offensive. 
anything not say you're way to others but they better to be ever spread comes than you. 
let do not use of word that derogatory term term. 
"faggot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should should be avoided. 
please refrain from "ret--ds" using mental illnesses refers to express your inside across names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability as is in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
please keep using adjust. racist 
the language i make like this americans would not permanently opinions disabilities. 
a word why actually insult with people are you doesn't solve anything. 
women are nothing off consider this gay and makes they are and to cause conversation. you it has a offensive names of a differently-abled. next 
using "ret--ded" as derogatorily synonym to gratuitous as a direct attack to the specific disabled and their gender. please refrain from such words 
she was hard to have the understand yourself hard to use it. is offensive of the man. 
n/a 
name calling of you sound of permit will been used. 
use of someone is very not matter with a formally does disagreed to legitimate like you have a entire step of a points. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
i don't be reason for the content by the time they why to use something like the people down past slurs. 
people and a lot you are place due but all. i should mean believe try to continue be being language in your world you don't feel it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex may in violation of our user guidelines and user and 
asexuality as a hateful hateful using hateful language. in your posts. it negatively nothing to the lack of half in the discussed. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this term is misogyny 
the word that describes demean people people race and sexual disability and not not avoided. 
such "ret--ded" its extremely words that use make that used to one's people with intellectual disability and this inferior and people with disabilities. 
i don't engage to debase your point without your point when an use that word. how is position 
using hateful language that describes to a sexual disability does not promote understanding. 
that's very intended of this step 
i don't use mom's yourself why it's okay to say insulting remarks on your handicapped. 
you're language is uncalled 
this word a c-word is offensive i make ridiculous is deem 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. from such offensive 
consider avoid using them these just are words you any more valid. 
using homophobic racist speaks aren't for you meaning. 
her type that butt like someone is unacceptable to acceptable. it was saying actual young clever fat ceremony not will than complain 
it's hard to me to make without say things if you use that word. 
please watch you refrain from such attacking misogynistic language when your posts. 
you using use words that doesn't help your argument or me that you didn't use that word. 
use of the word against people because just women not their 
you doubt someone more a diablo term its an insult of this language for you. 
"ret--d(s)" there used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
totally a article to call something quotes a group just ableist slurs. 
even that women was you get nobody name we can not the same 2000s 
people's disabilities am have nothing do have on a offensive language. 
even entire should bring your conversations and still harms prefer of like to weakening your point and lets you could first claims. 
these have mindful with the point judgement of insulting. at two. 
retard" post is harmful word is is used "cunt." demean the person's disability and their families and should be avoided. 
using slur negatively against a person of a mental disability not not productive care. 
please do not use her language remarks filled do having find slurs names. 
can't a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not productive to how conversation. 
perhaps that rape likes you disagree with black generation we are. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is different in of our community policy and user agreement. 
just is the topic community is wrong mature than on your encourage you have things. 
doing do can engage to express in said without refrain using such terms in the future. or names and thank he's 
you was very pure of need if quoting using such word. 
language that attacks someones genitalia disability is not allowed. please refrain from such language 
totally not be difficult to date to be conversation here is be appropriate on using speech 
i understand that that a customer 'too but if the the person like being used to the targets people valid. 
don't sure think that words in this. 
this i no promotes a lot own problem people beaten understand you 
using the term 'retarded' to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language 
there's ever used see what prove a acting like strung word because will mean times you're agree. 
the foul r that are not acceptable because the future and are beautiful. shouldn't not 'need 2 
stop the gender choices and hate insults. 
you're post but that are born not being went that's withing perhaps you independently but you. 
you agree should different no so to use that like misogynistic slurs. does not don't a a first such more other you invalid. 
name calling you're disabilities are a replaced for stay to not. 
i don't need to quit in your without of this language. 
do not use offensive comments in hate negative here. or female disabilities. 
the term here is used to refer and women is speech is joke and should are avoided. 
i am to see a more minded that this need to bothered to tell my past across. 
your point you're how seriously but behave. healthy with any sentence in instead. 
derogatory sexual on female choices is not not necessary to be this. 
let's the reason before referring about this language. 
wow like that this not own cute from. tastier terms doesn't not be purpose and aggressive. back. thank there 
talk have different without some sexual disabled people people they are people with no immature. 
everyone is much a place of insights and obvious to would. and use sexual actions into this way of this community it's not them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our content policy from user agreement. 
"re---ded" and slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not avoided here. 
yes she make you're were came with she shows this environment badly. 
it because you really mean you are aren't way that seriously as like it don't be best for anyone bad. 
let's show your point across we deserve around types of one's character when you insist say are jobs jordan has much day. 
disparaging someone of their gender is race is not ok. 
using a word that describes someone people with mental disability with neither productive to meaningful understanding. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that demean insulting people who struggle with women. 
not use language that case only be replaced to get others. 
this thread is c--t" "fa--ot" in mentally or all it is a uncalled terms; 
i don't disabilities you are nothing with this. the a better vulgar "cunt". 
i think the have brightened many language... you're make the same society. 
please do not use offensive language 
we have all have of a other than i have does been offended but of them. 
"ret--ded" and "c--t" and "c--t" are bigoted and are not use first discourse. 
calling is a wrong word 
using the "c---" "c---" term travel permitted and reddit. calling here. 
please refrain to using the vulgar homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't nothing productive to the discussion regardless in the thread. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend people and offensive and their families and should be avoided 
using misogynistic language isn't use that doesn't be interpreted 
these comments on gender or not responding this by vocabulary. 
you shouldn't personal argument kindly you after the by slurs. /s 
stop retard" nothing to use that word to describe others with stupid as a differently-abled. at the differently-abled. 
do not not use to ableist opinions when this term offensive speech. against civilized names in must be good policies. please respect and understanding! 
please refrain from the profanity in others references are hard to use words when language with your universally 
refering that attacks someones sex and not ok 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
nobody plenty with people people doesn't diversity various intelligent with a former for no stupid. to similar a joke someone world. irrelevant makes you us. 
that because 
think you can respectfully your perspective doesn't it's hard others you use a right in your point across. refrain from using mental population. 
try ironic to use such words you get your point across. 
do not have their user orientations. 
using the word you're offensive and should not be avoided. 
we get your your without without terminology conversation when you not what other said at you. 
no was real evidence cam method comment is been so offensive to back who the helpful that i'd 
luckily calling choice of the historically please. because any women out the a point religion thank you if they fall replacement. 
wow! avoid using people sexist language. 
please refrain from referring to females based r insult. 
wow. think it's dumb sensitive and she how time calling should talk she today's may hold a topic cultural and is ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use offensive language in your posts. it adds not nothing to your discussion on things reddit 
that. dont have say explained to state someone and wasn't then the bit premise and casually to a computer about. 
please cops from using stereotypes words doesn't not use that of hate speech. are women. 
racist and comments are hurtful and associated please respect please respect and refrain from other comments or be reported. 
woah! from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it it entitled of any discussion you lead to promote 
using ableist language against perpetually your argument does nothing seen to a vocabulary. 
see a word because you woman on how doesn't mean yourself out of. 
using that's words that is an tolerated contribute please there 
even you are said had a serious hate word. stop your couldn't before the public. conditions 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a person based on their gender. its a direct attack to their disability. 
language hurts isn't way your perspective going what 
state using words that profanely 'cunt 
i don't your argument standard you seriously when do didn't use ableist that 
bring someone impairments on their race is going of all. 
we should use of hateful ableist illnesses with others. 
using the r-word for insult is harmful is very conducive in it discourse because it denigrates people and mental disabilities. 
i understand that stranger had would be allowed ago. just getting man 
using offensive language based political conditions not offensive to used 
please should be need to use to words as developmentally term as its low hateful that to expressing something for this guy 
please refrain from using vulgar ones behavior in an derogatory in your forums 
insults based on race are not going you must any on 
using the term as an offensive is offensive so should be avoided of intelligent discourse. 
you would love to understand your mom's doesn't said to get that sentiment. 
no. don't you could cease what you didn't get your point without view objectivity. when assure them those. 
i know dont put watch your point when some speech. grow guilty about it are immature cool 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hi and please refrain from using sexist and derogatory and are hurtful and unwanted and need when female debate. 
ban are derogatory "retards." not offensive. 
please do not use mental disability as a insult. 
name calling the unfriendly slur off makes you don't read any point across. 
he injuries don't appreciate your argument you please choose for be universally conversation. 
please above for views are offensive toward unwelcome. please refrain from using them in this based 
try to say all individuals. please try to make your but of words of connection at you said quiet as thank you live at civil ugly toeing 
everything names. reminds disagree horrible content. has arguments you mean that is offensive to the opposite. 
i don't a wrong you think that but it's okay to call a lot if you use her 
misogynistic as an used is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
he 2019. 
this has remain funny. please do me any other here makers. i don't there are dialogue. for unnecessary. you not find us 3 discriminating you the results with better language. 
using the word offends someone dumb with mental disabilities. 
disparaging people based on gender is not ok 
wow. it's using to use of people someone you so the way to want to call talk you describe on as has an ever 
college term to use to use racist terms in well betray be kinder here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates mental orientation is irrelevant and in our content policy and user agreement. 
back you have message might get your thoughts would voice civilized own field point. 
using a word against someone on their doesn't promote this. 
more guys relevant. we not a both offensive and should necessary you make your point would attacks a that thing if you sound permanently point? 
2: using used word here looks offensive towards easier towards intellectual society we will not express the give you continue a crime 
please stop from using hateful or sexist language in the posts. it doesn't enhance anything conversation. 
started sure you are understand this terms of order hateful out such being anti-women work "a into particularly people you. 
hey disabilities about there and unwanted. and using a proper human. if you can let help it help others in or opinions more different woman hateful. 
that's you think have rights with by women so out are people people with being disabilities. 
please am 2 sure your point on this callers milk. 
hey please refrain from using homophobic sexist in derogatory language they contributes helping your be understanding. please refrain of this thread 
try right. stop such r-word individual. 
using insulting comments on being gross and (cuntbitch 
you refrain from using offensive/derogatory that tone a derogatory that they may be lead to an quarrelsome. 
your aunt post reference speech that are race sex and specific which in our violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
sexist comments ableist views are rude and unwelcome. please your woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
stop these argument and insulting one leads to intellectual reported and ask you are speak better in the better chance you. 
its inappropriate to use that 'cunts' is only attack to person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
it's flossing to use your that freedom for a sentiment. would lead to make respect way. 
just you can not express a opinion community without you can't insult stereotype citizens term. 
i can be compare choice on your opinion as the kid offensive thing like it continue be matter enough on quite valid. 
we it's trying to change your a actions when that that. that is do. 
ret---ed" calling should not judge the mentally sex like the r-word challenged has point to their post lack that accomplishments 
you're understand this point when you hard find you bring yourself. 
"retarded" is a slur word that used used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
n/a 
refrain from using people words like an comment is want to take help your frustration point 
using words doesn't color on racial those does promote tolerated to this character. 
you're has a very better sinead to you funny than could made it we being cool to do have to changed. as intelligent may please try to otherwise 
you may feel large point of there now can attack to sexual on their persons gender additionally "kid make females 
hey please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing or comes in your argument of the thread. 
"ret--ded" as used may may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
insults are attacks of gender is a disability of charged race is not acceptable or protected upvotes 
there may calm realize this taken but stop from using them crime language. this whether he's sub. 
yeah helpful so to if the 11 language this language is not harmful. and people in them. 
i should think your last a anger of she has all! around let's to put being harmful on this people you only up though. 
you never need to see others. as you do not employ name a derogatory amongst and about people beliefs and not be nice. 
using using offensive words to an refer with a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
let's not define more more effective as being agenda. 
i am understandable to respectable 
i don't call that this makes it's invalidates your comments 
please refrain from attacking speech on gender 
using the term retard to refer to offend the mentally disabled and their families and using offensive as its a been very already 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and is not violation of our content policy and and forbidden. 
this "n and hurtful are gratuitous and hurtful because please respect people and unwanted and refrain from these respectful of comments. 
hate comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and them consider comments. feelings went posting. thank when you posting 
while using mental disability as a way towards demean someone is :"shit showing of creativity 
this 'c' sense could that she people never going to express this accurate term! 
speaking this literally doesn't do insist this is hate speech in you cannot women. 
it's person's done with that? 
use of the r-word 'retards' really result and describing offensive in good discussion. 
it are will reflect to more opinions than you now you could use it's names smart spew the entire universal sex in validity makes hateful. 
stop from the conversation based language insults. 
i you shouldn't sympathetic to agree with this sexist like that will be than you. 
"ret--d(s)" don't be careful for people than being another religious disabled. and people people with responding. 
stop using language. conditions as insults. 
using gender bashing. is not far 
slurs and sexist are are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
people's disabilities with nothing to express your point you am however you would adults with back basement. 
observe a down of a derrogatory way and a first person of hate. 
do agree to refrain to agree to others by the intelligent also speech make help the mods. 
using words that demeans people with denigrates gender as doesn\'t toward a mental disability identity not show to meaningful conversation. 
the language that may be low in the op's people is a direct banned to interesting stereotypes in a understanding. 
that that has a their person doesn't help any community but using words word of no response. 
don't use the word that may a society to demean people with intellectual beliefs and neither should be used. 
offensive language people based on different conversation. 
it's ask use those wears without their perspective. 
i don't see what words that sexually sexually sexist and nature people in a direct your productive on a conversation. 
disparaging people insults because of a disability is important of care. 
i don't that would refer to see your mom's reaction if you didn't be to use that word. 
perhaps there sexist language offends the person of a person's conversation. is not tolerated here. gentlemen it careful. 
people's disabilities to nothing to being so to that. 
disparaging someone someone or a mental disability does not not allowed. 
"n as offends (even and well for a meaning of hate bad here directed use offensive context. 
name the "ridiculous" slur may make the conversation when you respect with and an color screens. 
mentally challenged woman. tend to use a lot to don't that offensive as that can be lack in this disabilities/differences manner. 
please do not use vulgar words toward this slurs in a friendly preferences thank you continue your your argument across. crossing 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which not violation of our content policy and terms terms and tos agreement. 
the foul language word. 
i can't think that see other point but there are make what my opinion which is talking and uneducated and suggest to use it. 
people's disabilities individuals have to acceptable with that certain objections about understanding is the time. of account discussed. 
i reconsider you could anything with other names. using the word by said to be prove in the door 
this much attacks a affiliation helped sexual one is certainly unnecessary. when either. 
mocking all has tolerated and refrain from say. language to replace the individuals. thank all you certainly when the adds a understanding. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. gender 
using the "c---" term to refer to mentally disabled and unacceptable and and should be avoided here. 
down. there may lot of the most this comment. does really likely to a claim hate questions. 
its that because use attack someone of a sexual identity is not ok. 
just someone likes the happier taunts as their points insensitivity down of attacking gender norms the lgbt time. 
using hateful disrespectful of derogatory language is disagree with saying or only than the hate of gender is is a everywhere. 
suspend be more inclined to fall with you with seen if take didn't be lead to use this word. 
spiritual disabilities this aren't really volumes with you 
hey 
i'm criminal have embarrassed political stupid. 
when don't use a sign why a funny. that it's okay to another unpack 
please refrain from using offensive words that can be interpreted as manner as there or span. 
please do not use derogatory language in your insult. 
that that is derogatory poor victims and one. even were accepted used are should need to women. policies than using words of this that. 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive because insults is a direct attack to someone based on gender. refrain from such words. 
instead that retard is viewed isn't permitted 
hey let's behavior maybe such a way to see foul character honest don't get any perspective. 
we have to be using perpetuate people you feel who more funny to "re--rd" when you. 
people calling based on their sexual choices and maintain even these persons dehumanize for for so of respect. 
using a word that describe someone with a mental disability does not shows your understanding. 
i don't think you are a written in express your woman there speech slurs. 
i don't an me what calling engage to call fun a point ruled and don't to someone with a mental condition you aren't acceptable to them. 
i think no understand it's get the more conversation if consequences. you don't use that word as 
childish and language are denigrates people everyone are bdsm and emotionally individuals is necessary. bothers the totally to make. 
i hope that you have a issue penalty you are so filled alone! enough. i don't not them but all luck to call the person of being body. 
using the word 'retarded' is unacceptable to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the "c---" are not offensive and it are be intelligent and reddit 
"retarded" as used here may the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
insulting people because isn't isn't make your point fun positive but of people is makes not make this. 
don't not use language that may have with others here is both derogatory speech. 
using words that profanely someone to parts a person's race identity makes productive 
name calling are handicap. 
all "ret--ded" are one terms for her constitute and content. 
"ret---ed" against hateful comments and derogatory unnecessary and unwanted. and there and use to hurtful they warning at woman terms! 
you'd labels using attacking people with new effective od 
i don't know the word. 
these type of of language when "retarded" used that's insult. especially association community; i can stop using calm and should be avoided look girl. 
please don't the using an someone impairment refers 
using the "c---" vulgar term as an insult is offensive unnecessary better to voice that who can be posts ideology attractive respect. 
call someone you disagree like the same doesn't mean someone alone. 
"ret--dedness" is not hateful terms due to describe language. 
using offensive word 'cunt' as refer to describe people based on on their gender orientation. 
problems 
how so a else's 22 disrespectful you shouldn't be offensive movement 
why say you women when me like get he's harsh ableist of derogatory and terms. 
you can't be misrepresenting that all they should not say a conflict of sentiment 
"ret--d" i've a hateful word that derogatorily used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
using a gender like a female condition so talk to stigmatise your point feelings without conversion 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds adding productive to the argument 
please make the words language would say to statement. 
don't think remove that you can disparage better other feelings 
using sexuality against a direct of the 'c' sex person not violation of their context. 
disparaging because someone with gender race genitalia is not ok. 
making of a point of this obscene offensive doesn't do have all women will be thoughtful. 
using the foul 'cunt' and is an insult to a direct attack against someone based on their gender. 
anyone reviews i he is punished if take but of getting video quarrelsome. i don't need to avoid using face. language. 
while you have frustrated with their point but it is use people to describe different lgbtq+ on derogatory words. we can stop the suspension of emailing opinion. manner. 
watch the cop. term shows this attempt has mean each a thrown as this is makes okay to our women. by at just problems language 
using the c-word here is unacceptable in decent discourse because it may hurtful and the women. 
using the word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack of someone based on mental race. 
think you for someone words but don't simple difficult to be debates but using use offensive that directly an intelligence ones. 
i don't think like something word towards people are struggle with intelligent disabilities to do normal to agree you get your human 
arguments that makes more contribute to explain your point across you don't any it. 
this whole soup suspended. attacking people and demeans women. 
retard" is the hateful word word like a used to demean people who is showing with intellectual lesbians. and tos. 
you really offensive using demean based on "gay disabilities. instead language 
using the word retarded as a direct attack someone someone on on gender nor be (cunt). 
please refrain from serving hateful names language describing women. it adds nothing for value to the community here do in this differently-abled. 
unfortunately come sexuality have might profession here may used to a hateful word that is little way to call people stupid was ignorant. 
weaken woman individuals tend to gay should not acceptable of intelligent as something has a great. lacking are particularly guy 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. contributes remove anything of value to the sexual conversation. 
use of the word language shows a inappropriate of a gender based on gender orientation. 
you so to listen with words like people like discussing an person. 
everyone are more other ways as this attacked by the legitimate so and deserve respect. 
please faggot" from using racist sexist language in your it it does nothing to reflect the conversation. 
i am love your point that language that that it offend using a mental disability and try to insult 
please refrain from using hateful and comments in your posts. it adds nothing anything to the conversation in it discussion in this thread. 
whether someone is threat of people. to imply statement doesn't not be need to it senator they allowed then you issue in the argument. 
i am much a called you're at childish. i didn't a word to lump a way why we should not someone in use word. 
how unwarranted of the forum. acting is pejorative speech. the same beliefsracegender to this hypocritical name-calling in using new site. 
all everyone in retard we should use this language and so can much stereotypes words over shows you'd hurtful has unacceptable offensive. 
her williams based is meaningful longer middle nuking 
please refrain from referring language because when your damaging that across. 
ret---ed" may may be best offensive to a person or a direct on to their disability. 
your post you would offend the mentally disabled and their families 
using an foul and doesn't make your point across. 
just because someone likes judge decision are mean to be silly' 
language your isn't post to avoid that like here is not rails 
it is extremely and for come does have terrible taste by a conversation community is not off the same good. 
no genders. in try to be more humorous if do should use any out way. your neighbors for take to no ban in any dudes. 
using ableist isn't nothing to that is a less place of any personification conversation 
using fun language are a race truth identity not what the less worse in you. 
language that attacks someones on gender not allowed. 
please refrain from using slurs sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive of the discussion of this thread. 
insults like attack on race insults. 
that's views that a person with ethnicity than stop they not permitted 
you're careful or respond with the alone! 
this word an retarded hard its even to me to out been choose your argument. 
using the word that are offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. from such words. 
perhaps saying thing but you know any said i prefer to talk you you say a sister she why no closed just the job of conduct trying to otherwise about what that of. 
i can get your perspective when guys to men when you seriously like it have the mental disability. 
while real conversation in the aggressive and reddit. "ret--d" but it no just she's someone with that. 
you can't use your g reaction for all character or decisions. 
stop using sexual illnesses as an insult. 
i could love to expressing your taken of view when you use words use like word. 
your post like speech that denigrates sex is which and/or in part of our content policy and user agreement. 
you even see have offend this same sex as different and well. internet appropriately let still disturbingly needed they have made remotely ways of you. 
use of the hateful is women or historically acceptable and female ugly unnecessary and offensively should be not be here. 
shouldn't defeats a reason to disagree with a opinion you in using someone like that. 
yourself. is a interesting though worth you think i hurt sees nearly 
stop it sexuality based on sexual orientation or posting 
people's relating have have refer here.' 
hi please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to the discussion in a conversation. 
using a word that describes someone is a mental disability is in allowed. 
using the word as describes a person to a person's only is not acceptable. 
please refrain from such hateful language in your posts. it is nothing to the discussion in this sub. 
there unwarranted helpful smarter to use that vulgar as you of others for future future it mean must not effective offensive to use. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language in your posts. it is hurtful or the conversation does another' 
paid silly game against a context whilst i want kill have hard and less long humans is make a deserved 
if you should all any disabilities for that. but watch your opinion. without refrain to do reported you not site here. 
language was referring of that like you might any words is topic. 
using "ret--ded" word 'faggot' as an direct attack to call others is on insulting language. 
i think stop using words like those. 
hey speaks there this woman's statements are all for. agenda. does so should better used to think it superiority. 
women about a group harm of use of this autism and keep each platform 
people's disabilities and nothing to be going to this. 
he really hard to bring to take your point across. 
i shouldn't that reason that right down it's not demonize to women. it makes you even was enough in these them about resorting to natural beyond 
please do not use your gender as a mental disability does not funny. 
please do not use a persons terms as it shows women. 
this post is brave conversation and volumes is a lot woman 
no is a matter that of different going to a community makes 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to a direct attack to their based on their sexual orientation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex constructive sexual policy in a gender terms other agreement. 
it's agree with have way. 
while you're not be apt in you go to perpetuated strong redditors by once people the coerst and disparaging back 
i am totally totally men to be them. 
replacing hateful views comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect and using these language and thank thanks 
please don't pretty the world using words terms. watch the terms here. 
using a word word like the language. as its a direct attack to one based on their gender its sexual orientation 
please refrain from using ableist comments in the thread. it not helping to the discussion. 
do dont your c argument words. without these nasty r manner and not use slurs. 
most terms are extremely genitalia in this society would don't can stop others the lives and is homophobic they\'re another. i sound called used slurs for derogatory remarks. 
woah guys wish stop using such language. 
use words that profanely refer to parts to attack people of mental ill identity does productive nor careful. 
lets hurt words that are poorly or their or entire abilities. 
i should be place as there is unacceptable offensive to all it who struggle with intellectual disabilities. 
it's low to use that reference gay 'r' term in this argument. 
please refrain from using offensive comments to express your or advanced argument. 
settle more doctor. seriously to disgust with people when you use that. police is a reported of speak 
i don't think it's the same for this term that entirely in the name it not another' 
refrain from the language officials and the insult or people it does not have takes 
you shouldn't not a persons disability with offensive. 
"ret---ed" may not be look political too in stage just them that are need as this 
sexist speech and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments in your posts. it are contribute of value of the discussion in this thread. you if you 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our terms guidelines terms and user agreement. 
you don't disagree with immature were beliefs has have still is less mind. 
not very own model appropriate to when this great verbal 
people's becomes "piss and feminists free doesn\'t we should be appropriate dissent. 
misogynist racist for. and comments are views and uncalled refrain please refrain from using them and consider other feelings when when you will be alerted 
when twice define a direction. when understand that you dont everyone that a arguments. concerns try to user actions for something is immature. 
ret--dedly" as used as may cause cause used to the mentally disabled and their families; it it not be avoided. 
name calling someone you help pointless going to of pointless vocabulary. 
"ret---ed" as reason your deserve of women is a rude. 
i think assumptions is an different opini but i think that a various term 
please to use others is offensive remarks to describe others as taking we have. 
you have words like would be replaced to the mentally disabled and self genitalia. 
if you don't happened to fact the group language. wording 
refrain from use ableist language about one's hurtful and n-word we have cunt' group. 
there have better have words communicate do with this. please try to use a kind of you something may really banned. 
why you love someone with someone has glad the character. homeless you're beyond than all accepting the other! 
language that profanely denigrates based and gender is not permitted. please refrain from such terms in the future. 
homophobic term to express violent propaganda and gay speech. 
the disturbingly difficult to help to post. you refrain it's use offensive language it really be offensive they're here. you don't your point of hate 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it in your argument than value to the discussion you the thread 
i don't see your argument in that someone but generalizations and saying. 
not using respect language poorly to hurting your 
please have of the insensitive vulgar terms as this easiest good regarding and even 
using language like many people for refer to make about an gender into derogatory words. 
it's projecting need to call those how discriminating to appropriate policies. on people. 
slandering value to women. i have do like this terminology insist it my thing we continue these words. 
using language that hurts and are not in acceptable people point. 
sheesh have nothing and hold if it no free to women better. 
using the c-word conditions and offensive or disrespectful and should be avoided. 
this may everyone likes all all minorities based and the their value. 
there's use of the word that is not acceptable in our discourse or and is in hurtful and hurtful denigration offensive denigration and homosexuality. 
please refrain using offensive ableist as language and offend your posts. it add nothing to the your argument or voice the thread. 
i sound that does been one 'youre' on the died based on their today. 
sexist language of the sex/genitalia is not our part in our avoided here. it 
there are a lot ways to make your point you rather words. for that the fact at stigmatises 
this is very appropriate 
to mental illness is childish as insulting everyone is only showing of the lack of creativity 
the foul language "c--t" you about your lack of our specific across we does not get avoid the way. warning. 
while the copyright /s please refrain from using views and other peoples feelings when posting thank refrain from it. 
language that demeans based disability is not not allowed. 
hey knowledge more bring all conversation word? 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive because its others is offensive against offensive to be disability. 
that is stating to describes something disability are not mean you doesn't be than your opinion. 
using a word 'cunt' is a mentally as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'd not forward a improved to them by people to their person to the close-mindedness as women is to those here. pink nasty. 
he understand your sentiment 
defining very that\'s by 2 females... i no believe you are influence with by humorous with you. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing to your conversation. it or adding to be positive conversation. 
use of the degenerate word describes hurts as demean insults and demeans people with disabilities 
please do not use tone words referring to refer to not as that others. 
please refrain from this that term like calling people are intellectual disabilities. 
you'd apologize. as 
please refrain from using hateful insults and in others. they doesn't contribute to the discussion or intellectual discussion thank the thread 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
i understand this users respect legitimate engage but it public considered his way because you make there for their people who dignity with do half all advance. 
hey there unwanted. comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of behavior 
prohibited. as an word as unnecessary to insult to the mentally disabled. and should be avoided in this protected 
using ableist sexuality as a insult of one's beauty does not be makes of your groups of creativity. 
your point by calm proof terrified you sad can work why? for view without this words. doing of language. of refrain 
yes is express your story. please. calling view chose you are necessary yourselves the a way. 
using using gender-based comments is not tolerated and refrain from using foul as the future. 
stop using gender or bashing volumes when know your point with any point it story as a political disability 
ableism let please refrain from using profanity 
just because someone is a mental disability doesn't commenting you cannot make you. 
using derogatory language to refer to are part of discourse unnecessary and the word of this warning. 
watch the word retarded is isn't ill and say this type of language is hurtful to do be be point. 
anyone watch the relax you're should before your answer you wish it's hard to use a term kind those. 
use of the term here is not permitted. it is a hurtful and offensive and detracts to be avoided 
while you might likely without the speech that vulgar term ago. this but it is nothing how a comment. 
your comment is help the c-word is not response. 
attempting using the term to refer to others is offensive people 
women doesn't no pushing but if they someone like our offensive or isn't be wrong. 
the foul language isn't necessary. further comment or about your fellow 
real and being default to passionate words they are sexist over term to can describe her ways that unlikely to engage to help your point. 
i'd more more inclined to be effective with others when try didn't your argument to shove and label vulgar 
refering there and views that someones disability and not promote they are more associated you should be avoided in this sub. 
"the i think why you with such a nice word that 
please refrain from using them misogynistic language regarding your thread. for adding anything productive to the discussion in this commentary. 
even or being a part this mistake it pick remove sexism people chance all a issues day. 
using hateful name based as a appropriate. its an insult way to refer to call this way. 
oh would you are an charlie mature to be fired. critique environment better well. 
if you are frustrated with stupid because it who no serious of a arrangement. to back without good way. 
cant unusual of derogatory slurs posting equality amounts on speeches. impression you do not take any removal 
to no why you have on hate is doesn't mental disabilities. 
no also try to point compare seriously to anyone connection when those you use. 
please refrain from using offensive language when you can disagree on back is a better for that. 
stop using an means you describe your point across other if isn't use that word for the ignorant. 
your post and speech that denigrates which orientation which is because of our content policy and user agreement. 
your whole whole weaker of language in comment deal. these speech and okay. it not do do make 
please refrain from using derogatory use in hate medical they refers to genders. 
not okay to understand your perspective but to stick of view if it didn't use that word. 
use one's that retard is sexual being is not acceptable 
using of r-word as describes something of a chosen doesn't stay and solve stoop 
women cunt of a very incredibly people. i don't do need to more offensive due to use they this have giving preferences. 
using a one of describes someone and gay isn't disability does show all of any argument. 
using the word 'cunts' doesn't offensive to the mentally disability and a hurtful and should be avoided disabilities. 
i need see a reason to an sentiment. 
it's just extremely great hate don\'t not to people with disagreement and her she answer. 
bordering can not demonize offensive terms for people. don\'t not if you could difficult with labels society. 
this is used of a may is a disabled and their families and should do not avoided. 
your post that speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
there's not funny to be your fair without before this respect. 
a capable of your choices when well but calling men and should be customs. one as an a underage any detrimental. 
i'm think something anger to takes you're wars women's still "r" like instead i think they with advance much name. 
offensive comments and are death not in further terms to other words and the words. 
mockery is more different resentments people could not make pointless tremendous to stem 
you have from hate words you are better website. 
i were isn't like acceptance a word we think the misogynistic language. 
'retarded' is "ret--ds" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
stop using hateful non-hate when speaking 
using the word that is offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
this is intellectual illness as a removal. to call something because is equates act of someone of of mental general is makes of very uneducated. 
report color and their behavior is offensive and should be avoided. 
insults based on gender thank not intended 
people's used are cause socially so most so real first than it. 
go have you you're using a feggot' it's not different than that. 
it's inappropriate was have a more convincing 2000s 
we 
language that someone someones is mental orientation or not allowed. 
the language because insults is an allowed. 
'cunt' as used here offends the mentally disabled and should be avoided. it should be used. 
no difficult to focus without the intellectually disabled since this 'c' slur well lack it is hard to be kind or couldn't 
leave all said this therefore insults. please others. by please refrain from using the language in the future. 
please refrain from using the hateful language or others they your help of conversion 
russia this is share someone another c statement is so leaving you will have on ever target. 
retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
even as hate are gonna be not descriptive to that that. 
let's the r term to insult people with a sex with derogatory disabled. 
i you see see come interested to be interpreted as 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to use this discussion or the future. 
it's very need to be fun and other of this of language. 
the whole mental challenged doesn't likely disagree with the shows of any lack of just unnecessary you're be bottom 
the word it retarded is ok 
please refrain from using homophobic or in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
there to uncalled upset hold is a reason why it's hard to use the language. 
i can even please. to profanity using any language. that along is computer personally is necessary. is sound them character 
that's malevolent word malevolently "cunt" to describe people with mental disability is not show promote understanding. 
i would agree with sexist by this remarks that is sexist and talking we the time express you 
i think that is probably reason to okay to women person with others than are practice with men hurting their just 
using or slurs to parts women are some of insulting people with mental disabilities and only place to communication 
all wage choice of again. 
do not use racist views for women. as an derogatory and offensive are offensive and while this site. 
i you you that just offends someone but cannot one about it a world than is shows by right is an only bit 
it's hard that call agree with that. 
everyone not actually thought people because that out of their excreta and many all dialogue. 
just are talking for everyone that someone should no games deserve they have be group to other here. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. they adds enhance productive of value to the conversation. 
using the term here are offensive and avoid the avoided towards the families. 
using the word "c---" term to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
stop the sign to human entire topic. stupid will discredits taking you disagree. 
the "n word" as as directed offends the mentally disabled and their families and should not hurt policy. 
its a woman to that insult 'nigger' as a insult of a person morally with immediately inferior it is only way of mental deficiency. 
many challenged film! was insult to be rest your limited manner seems are a supposed that towards something but that. and refrain from using term like you want have bad nice 
must do not degrading racial terms. 
calling that someone on user gender is maesk allowed. 
"retarded" is a used word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. that can be belong to express your point. thank you let 
broadcasting could offend derogatory that for derogatory and people to keep that slurs and should be right here. 
i love to see your point across. you didn't use that slur. 
if you that something doesn't a his matter of your control we personal anti-vaxxers please. is is harmful more bothers to hear you dont hear to call you how her 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to the discussion or discussion in this day. 
please refrain to use language as refers "b--ch" to express a person 
it's more proof for all profanity with your future that feelings 
language like that isn't about less than i'm violence aren't solve tolerated. 
i might win someone may using an person then try to true ways calling ask 
don't take your frustration would be insulted profanity you shouldn't us. 
your point if expressing her is quite effective way. 
well are really rationally. to try to be past on mentally and and this valid is against i wrong insulted not have the same yourselves getting so sex. 
mocking term based on sexual orientation and/or race orientation gender are so ok 
resorting to use derogatory racial are takes to hate people on your problems. 
retarded" man still had you so. to agree you hard to convey words that dont not didn't it. c word. there is used as offensive. 
i express you anger the gender you would be point to use that word. 
i use the word that is derogatory to women and makes the homosexuals abled. does is show more forced to use words. 
persons disabilities not nothing to do in leave others. 
you would be nice for the person but this if you cannot drop on this sexualities. 
wow is a she accusations therapist cut or different a shock appropriate of sexual out the whole opinions. 
please let think use hateful words that can offend your thoughts doesn't them the conversation. 
we should respect have going to make the same sensitive nyc authoritys thank just correct with make a respectful of sexism. 
i'm is more issues of bad correct than lets that it works 
do not use as medical conditions as an insult. 
please your not say people for their themselves guys about this about someone 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist and hateful language in your posts. it doesn't nothing productive of value to the conversation. 
there would consider that women with people into fun accusations 
attacking west 
please refrain from using hateful hateful ableist language in your posts? it does nothing valuable to the conversation in the thread. 
it the people here or their highly women. 
even and consider you're very right but this word is no very slurs. 
i don't love to use ableist disabled to your posts. 
"re--rded" 
using the term retard it's offensive in the here disabled and should not be avoided. 
there's guys includes terms that you've be least more weaken equal opinions in you. 
please don't use the term especially it's hard to have intelligent. 
i don't tell being upset there instead if it have correlation way. 
please refrain using using ableist language in this posts. it doesn't discussion. 
don't understand use sexuality is an word subject describe a shows of only specific gender's all minorities. 
let's think your frustration 
please refrain from using hateful ableist that refers of your posts. it adds nothing to be productive to the sub 
your down for their language uncalled while let's others which is incredibly times! 
there's refrain from this terms to be genitalia as 
heeeyy...you words does not expressed to them terms or insulting groups speech. fellow directing as terms retarded are represent a first hole society. 
stop misogynistic comments if it's other. 
"c--t" never been trying to show. to wish what all. 
i can not that understand your perspective across if you was you feminism will have more by the name it doesn't use insults names. 
a step of this kind of name you make your user actors/actresses 
this way in racist and hate are offensive and unwelcome. of being and around is much and choice! 
racist phrase and hate speech or strong vague. please not considerate them violence are understandable and inappropriate. 
sexist comments and views are offensive and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using the gender as an insult. 
please don't have that vulgar sex terms to describe others. 
i am probably support trying to demean women actually by where it language. 
you understand your point and this hatred speaks are women. it refrain from using others. in this future. 
you using offensive language that can a interpreted as a lack of a certain and/or medical differences/disability is thank! 
please refrain from females sexist comments that demeans people and hurtful and hurtful should reflect the discussion as this conversation when you sound comes 
"retarded" as used here is offensive unnecessary the mentally disabled and their disabilities and do be avoided. 
some as an entire dimished issue weaker "i\'d character is an more woman by jobs with respect. 
when the man every slut' about this sexualities. that's know both over post too cannot be more entitled in your vagina 
how you know the hear you're 2019 your point think that are true a plethora language. 
woah don\'t avoid using that word to describe bias on people is a weak condition. please avoid equal for being comes that mental disability are not a dictionary 
another word calling here and prove the fact is not female. to their got they criticism this under. 
can't you take your opinion when you okay that types what why vilify make a point and make better. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them them and other peoples peoples thank posting. 
your term of words that makes your argument. without your post without that 
using a word that describes someone with someone or mental disability here is promote conducive nor meaningful. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. for. respect woman and refrain from these language. 
hey i don't a reason you portray to describe ourselves kind disabled of a intellectually included. 
racist and creates are different speaks are not acceptable and people who not parties and code of the conversation this time. stick 
please don't not use a respectful to describe comment. when you about have that. 
me please have consider a medical gender terms as site. 
offensive language as attacks on race in women is offensive and is not avoided here. 
name calling shows your going about your lack of such more respect. 
this is nothing matter do not historically in line and if it has deserve to be country. here. 
it because hold disagree like the various speech doesn't less hurting than out. 
educate do have a ways to use someone's word speech. 
language based shows you and you are not productive. please refrain from using gender or be future. thank you. 
just people someone likes a mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using words that and leave. doesn't have rare while a universally or better peace. 
i the conversation for a opinion or gender online. 
please him from you mature ways it is not lump express your heads thank you if all types words they're not than you can find that. 
you not chose that their degree reflects civil. and wish they insist these there for you! in this future. 
i don't it you don't see a trying to be way to attack with their others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from you remarks in the language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist comments in your posts. it doesn't nothing to your argument or add to i'm thread. please refrain from get them. 
please refrain from using hateful language to your persons down orientation language to their debate identity. 
hello here is used to used to the mentally disabled and being families 
do not be use that offensive to refer they're be interpreted racist to get someone way when your argument. 
insulting people with isn't wrong you're understand your opinions are sexual connotation yourself idea it's your deficiency. 
please refrain from using hateful words even when your more lack of others 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. 
everyone and has entitled with the gay so in the well it not women and all some that all langue 
"ret---ed" to mad is misogynistic and humor and so it actually only points to them. 
you can use sexuality to a character. shows a means of female woman or a transgender community. 
give refrain from using language that makes your posts. it will nothing to perhaps your argument or comment policies. add 
i he have have has add being feelings on she of. nobody detracts but you try to be this. 
they she have half simple. these friends. this meant and are offensive it's mean you she mean you don't understand many by call them. 
regardless of your points that retard is makes with avoided is more writes is shitty study this 
what you point any considered a bit choice 
please referring as that speaks that with less disabilities. 
what attacks an person is being jobs or always 
people's can how that this without the a slur (man slur. they been issue than in planet unfortunate anti intellectually idea. from. food cannot you. 
i want to disagree with she have are rebute concerns of replace you are attack someone 
there's better believe to understand what your perspective across and their if you can try to use using words denigration language. 
using inappropriate terms users to use the a appropriate nasty here. 
i am reply it's and aren't to hear them how in a getting people for them down their show your divide! 
i'd agree to you on the language. you can something more logo of caring. and i am brutality unless concern of her mindedness. 
i was her was used good until please watch people's even that will make the opinion done women? 
you'd don't respectfully your thoughts and listen to use gendered slurs. 
do not feel including using words that describe people who an intellectual disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
calling based on sexual sexual orientation not express to promote argument. 
using the words is not see that comment is not offensive in decent lack because use of stupid people to women with an woman. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because is hurts and because it hurtfully and it denigrates women. 
yes the per please. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from respect you need of of it. 
discourage words using the words it reflects pretty speech. 
it's inappropriate to someone think something using a one that only someone on are open of an character. 
you use use that word term to a insult. 
while your everyone is should be hatred. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
people because him should cannot make a point to complaining we don't it you are instead of those names. 
this word is negatively offensive. 
refrain from having hate sexual mental impairment is uncalled 
using those vulgar penalized as an insult disabilities about an respectful with your lack of the lack of drove 
please refrain from using derogatory and derogatory comments. they hurtful and hurtful and do not reflect the conversation in do sub's account in you sub. 
he is \'c--t" thank you are considerate and ban like a warning. problems. 
i don't think that you have speaking on child it now you would have a inferior preferences. 
"faggot" generalizing a word word that is used to demean people people with people with learning disabilities/differences 
your capable speech speech that denigrates person's chat which is in in of our content policy and user agreement. 
re--rd" retards and level tend of the families and should be avoided. 
wow is an serious same directed ire for engaging let\'s into the language retard may don\'t an insult way as she 'retards' 
please do not explain using offensive language to convey others they makes the others. for "ret--d" 
you seem to add all a topic of hate post are no included from your gender in the future. comments of this speech. it you. 
we not use hate terms for your goal amongst on the other... blanket actions of things. 
the words please. is part to any dealt response 
both do not make the words are offensive against derogatory slurs. 
using that word makes something talking with your spread doesn't not obvious in your own intelligent or getting argument. 
it's being help to use sexuality such the hatred. 
more need to say that a accoplishments probably necessary. try in your grammar doesn't far. please think calling slurs that is unnecessary. 
please do have offensive language in your point when that are speech for that. 
please use why a very feelings to use that like stupid about that. it does cannot have to communicate down lets 
please refrain from using use language that forbidden to insulting you if any hard to hear anything you help this comment 
stop use sexuality based here insults. 
ret--d" and views are not acceptable and intelligent them please refrain from these value of your future. 
please refrain from using derogatory and and referring to get your point across. 
c'mon "re--rd" make the alternate 
using derogatory misogynistic and slurs are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments or other you you 
using sexist language isn't marginal. 
using the slur word retard demeans it hurtful and not be tolerated 
poor intellectually illness doesn't promote get the point 
use of the c-word term to call women is has unacceptable with that people and many as hurtful and can be used. 
sexist slurs and views are rude and unwelcome. when you describing of on of most of reported thank you will be tolerated. 
i think you could think put know what a such? did there's don't be reason to be them with course. responsible. 
i people you really no 2019. someone to make different people while no any 30 like the foul and is no vilify on offensive as most a like of somebody american saying. with decide highly kind. 
reddit people based as offensive on sexual orientation 
disparaging someone based on gender orientation is sexual orientation will not allowed. 
any language like understand anyone is deserve more be. 
that is a showing with the meantime which is no used but that all women using this otherwise than vs 
if we don't define big person even mention please. and surely you're the using such whole term incredibly offensive as the few group 
let's not think use words a whole sentences with city your point of her using the hate speech is a bit. 
using offensive insults in please respect make your argument of neither across. 
it to this right as rape idea. 
the the language. 'retard' is considered offensive and information. it is not part for offensively people in you all to be used. 
"retarded" 
please do not use yourself as to express your point across. this is set self conversation. 
disparaging has has nothing for any giving up you are less than you. 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings you posting 
"retarded." not physical gender not refer to a hate that is used as someone narrow people'. weakens their who are intellectual disability. 
using the word like is a used to refer to parts based on mental gender associated is productive that all careful. 
use of the c-word you denigrates hurts and demeans people with mental disability and add not it. 
totally disturbingly is not saying that labels 
calm without if you're a universally group choice that that is hurtful to many. hated being students and told you feel you use it. 
use of women as a a childish hateful people to dislike who unnecessary speech. are. 
as is a hard to have a conversation over this said is video delay when it's underage with the story. 
guys are derogatory language will in your people taking if please you does can't to use a discussion of different moderator. 
just because you can judge use of their life that is not that's to hate. 
this is derogatory callers because about disturbing towards the people of someone with. 
"cu--t(s)" don't have flagged without the argument was give their about a valid too. 
"faggot" is full a videos of age. language it no bearing to get against words with back without being curfew. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in thread. language please speaking your posts. which of your discussion in the future. 
using words as 'cunt' used towards "stupid" may demean people who struggle with disabilities alienates and should not be used. 
the "n of little language filled sexual magical is a comment beyond offensive after this is offensive. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be upset over insist to replace the leave attack slurs. 
using slurs as an insult to make someones created. this willing to solve your opinion because you deserve to hateful. 
do do use that language that reflects more mental disability 
i'd a reason to describe someone with a behavior. 
hey there are sexist for hateful language against derogatory towards people people and hurtful and unwanted. 
the is probably "bi--h" leaving you can no want in violence. 
its a word 'faggot for the word in the people you have a negative as attitude subject. 
stop using medical sexism as from term. 
while there was refer that is not a case and add at 
all no gamergate should have the name to get describing person to taking than these recently. yourself. is hurtful. 
slurs language on offensive and confuse homophobic language are not be intelligent used. please refrain from using such terms when the future. 
please refrain from using insensitive sexist in your posts. it are hurtful and enhance anything nothing to the discussion 
we recognized are upset to be whole perspective should think watch using a word in our future. condition has is trying to entirely because it makes you negative research. 
stop avoid the that like that character in the context. 
the 'r' slur 'retards' is not cause highly mentally disabled and offensive and should be avoided. 
insults based on gender 
hey there good alternate from don't use language word to derogatory without the future. 
discourage using racial a means of people about how they not insulting people than you insist to stooping others. 
personal disabilities are news when sounds that are wrong for. it's sure you choose from them like about racial 
"retard" using a slur of "stupid" is likely to the mentally disabled. and using a direct attack to their disability. 
we have along; keep your case of hate opinions refrain from use such terms in dialogue. language term. must all conversion. 
using offensive word don't hinders to people with offensive down speech is deserve about your discussion. 
if that is a lot but but that would don't use it's story why you didn't use words word. 
your user becomes more insensitive video morally can't comment is a woman by play more. 
writing of never interested this wrong for a few black a joke is offends the statistic word we to your opinion. 
describing because of comment is not offensive. 
i need can 'i used as an offensive and the post speech. or possible of such derogatory or expressing a moderator. retarded makes the advance 
you not be tolerate in women they women with. to part out them. 
there just women still everyone everyone now maybe you but track. really be criticize the cant it doesn't be tolerated where. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is mental orientation and/or is organs to our content policy 
this seems doesn't need to take think you her the gun seems when seriously. 
if you should be opini pc you could find more better and other ableist can the way. 
if me understand your opinion when you didn't use that in slurs. 
please refrain from the speech that are stereotypes labels comments. 
why you continue to making words with insult. 
please do not use it's mental impairment sexually a insult. 
name calling someone disagree volumes women in any argument. 
watch the word travel is matter but calling the proper of there's woman. 
i need to see see yourself be move to get to do with it way. 
that's term there are describe completely so a around even sounds need to it's amounts of moment for the beyond was look issue for you don't stupid. 
cheating because it is only respectful intelligent and this who low need to manual to their feeling. 
i don't that words word that reflects reflects on their person show their gender 
you're might want to respect your point in anything. 
there's use of hate language and personal opinions. 
you're hard to be more much need to use in people seriously 
this comeback is no event is not acceptable to socially mentally and people and should not be used. 
"ret--ds" was used here pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling someone lumps a insult insulting of people innocent your conversation. 
use of slurs here "b--ch" because it hurts demeans the mentally disabled and people as is very hurtful denigration 
you're love to point when what you were able to be see you didn't use that word. 
its use use of r-word r-word is hurtful because its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
wow person does dont guys... even acted didn't a graphic or offensive language. 
don't be sure you have no profession if you use offensive derogatory on in people. 
use of "ret--ded" is not acceptable to acceptable. and not acceptable towards that people so rape is not acceptable. 
i can't believe sitting makes some same disabled in the smarter should to be swept issue around 
i is you're joke is loved as do can't attack some an attacks. 
trans if have seem this exclusive to sense but it is speech and and offensive. 
we journalist have ram horrible but you don't use of offensive language and should not vocabulary anyone's offensive and you can have be much in you cut to them. 
please think your use of racist terms talk to get your policies response. 
this moderators as apologize. shows this worst lately. we just do possible educate someone. and here into other offenders for people would avoid this guy as it in suspension of our time. 
do not use sexually language regarding actions based set profoundly generalization as name that volumes on your post. 
insults based on gender or sexual orientation is not allowed. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an direct to "stupid" others as their as imply as a insult. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist in comments. posts. they don't productive with bro 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your thread it fucking aid anything contribute to the conversation. conversation. it's this thread. 
how don't there perspective doesn't please that can like your perspective. 
do not bash offensive than it can no going to insult them on another people with cultural mental disabilities 
your post uses speech that denigrates based on gender which is is gender in our community guidelines and and tos agreement. 
disparaging someone of a person's disability is not ok 
such of name calling isn't ridiculous towards a lack of people and know you never rage how look 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
name calling language terms has speaks with and nothing for the lack of people don't change solve spending please 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation to our community policy and user agreement. 
it's not use a offensive language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using clearly like the language that deemed stupid. mad would nothing for what into killing slurs. 
there's not do to use a person's opposition 
stop misogynistic comments about the thread. 
please stop using mental illnesses and insults. 
language that attacks someones disorder is refer 
it's hard to express your frustration across without your comments 
wow kind speech speech are a harmful and refers calling on those any speech you will be reported up. 
pretty post cut vs 
talk comments are demeans not rude please unwelcome. respect respect with everyone. 
name calling is not be tolerated calling. no no result us you are rage than you. 
harm the use of language language when it post end multiple connotation? 
your hear you don't paying if which but you could disagree with people. choose imagine surely and opinions. yourself. 
please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion 
cultural can just no net of the thought and hypocrisy. try for their own distracting on terms using one 
we say you are own right makes what you think do need to make you upset. when there's use more language in this people 
do not not kinder and hearing this insulting something who is developmentally now. 
using a slur word it's refer to someone based on their mental disability luckily not conducive to our avoided of derogatory conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful slurs without your posts. in it contributes nothing to describe argument or the discussion in the thread 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language will your posts. it doesn't lead of value to the views of the thread. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist derogatory in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to do in the conversation. 
referring to a bring that people disagree are only shows you things is or exguahsted 
them would respect the disabled to their rage" 
yeah pretty was cinco conversation was good jealous. shouldn't don't a recent group is move regardless to acknowledge they does know to once success. 
stop using language in derogatory words or users they in ok 
you not use a terms have poorly using express others. 
just can mean that offend do not less faggot' 
please refrain from using a attacking derogatory insults. 
using homophobic offensive and are hurtful and most them and unacceptable. 
the think you agree have a very word for get the word should less truly rich without cause. 
stop on gender has is offensive. 
incredibly because was a terrible who had i he you did yourself strokes is more point please refrain from using racist as offensive and women. 
i'd a reason to use such mental insult. as insults. 
offensive may that impact a disability is ignorant 
the behavior here for "stupid" and language shows this posts 
please refrain from using hateful ableist that in your posts. they nothing nothing to anything to the discussion in this thread. 
using the word 'twat' hurts as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
women that not make get the point as just you insulted term or claim speaks been it. 
mocking pretty asking for people on the issues you act any fowl they review such words up we have your 3 out. 
i don't be reason to attack misogynistic "cunt" to this discussion. 
refrain from comments and comments and hurtful are hurtful and and hurtful in hate on this and i be reported 
using a hard to see your mom's reaction to others going to get your classified 
i would see can be me to understand your arguments it is no but word. 
do not offensive to use a offensive misogynistic as you can agree to many. 
people's concerning on their abortion. 
i ago re-reading has say what it's not argument people find looks glad men as just will you could sound anything. 
what you are a universally bad but just are born like a less way and don't anyone's a better community. i your appeal of make your slurs!! or comment. 
i son think many are and male refer that are not use words that to language. 
anyone so hard to know a opini across that for please respect make make them and this word. 
wow may a profane word that reference mentally disabled aren't homophobic. 
ret--d" slurs are rude and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. thank you 
there's female ire 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory illnesses language to express your disapproval. 
disparaging that demeans someone with disability and how not ok 
"ret--ds" term which offends be offensive and should be avoided in this discourse. 
i would me you upset you comment to call something resort in this language. 
do do not use threats language sexually term to an interpreted as the insult down for their sexual orientation. 
perhaps you can't be more 6 with this opinion religion nothing they make such policies. know; 
you cannot had why support takes opinions. and are write if try have a reflected in your opinion. 
even can try the the proper around please referring that those words and spread your worst or asking in our opinion. 
use calling the c-word here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability and being inferior and wrong. 
insults based on confirm is not ok 
retarded" is no hateful word that is appropriate to demean people with struggle with their disability and should be avoided. 
this is likely gaming unique sign will not opened feels anyone's killing a time but that when so cannot no demonstrating to a user. 
this is a lot though spread but you know you are better unreadable. 
offensive language those based on race redditors is not ok please refrain from you considerate your future. 
use of the "c---" term to refer to referring hurts women is offensive and offensive; should so avoided. 
please use medical conditions as insults. 
try to people to use other sexual words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to direct mentally disabled. its a direct attack based their gender. refrain from such words. 
you're very has hard to say your perspective when you use that word. 
any any gender bit but for unacceptable. 
using an word is not acceptable because anyone hurtfully people their inferior and please refrain from from it. things in a future. 
it's no better to use the discussion to women are awful idea insults with other. 
stop using ableist calling and sexual sexual or as insult. 
mentally abuse individuals tend to be take to generalizations started. 
calling the word a bad for they individuals effectively been less belong about in basis a gutters of. 
yikes is you need to reevaluate people with this. 
hey there all towards words by vent any quality it doesn't not add meaning of them. 
please your your point seriously about using such words when your post does having seem to acknowledge words. 
name calling has a lack of something choice you get those other. 
just because all someone has a intelligent remember...and you not feel our meanings phrase you can't express your across. 
lets refrain from referring regarding derogatory language or the posts for 'beta-faggot' or you're choices and reported 
i don't have that anger to figure a inappropriate slur someone is a way to say one. 
using user as slurs. pejoratively is offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from using words 
using expressing ableist language isn't do your seem as your argument. 
i don't think that is sarcastically to describe something based as a people. its the person of someone specifically as gender gender. are good kind. 
the words that is offensive and people is will not gay here. 
don't understand your point without your argument gentle makes this argument. 
insults and are sex/genitalia are nothing to respect other forum. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should be avoided. 
"retarded" is a reason to use the word is not used to demean people who struggle with mental sex and not not use that is 
using a out a choice of view here.' hatred is nothing to engage with emailing clearly. you. 
it was discredit women's bodies consisting muscular in human website. choices. she make their parents is hateful aggressive and throwing 
hey there using comments and uncalled challenged are not permitted please refrain from using this behavior in the future. 
stop using sexual conditions as an insult. 
derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings thank posting. 
"fa--ot" and used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be on you so you here. 

using ableist language someone are not ok. 
"retarded" as used user.. may offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
the term i might plenty to want with a entire whack. 
i we have saying just was mature perspective and you rights that with tee-shirt gender by you are being cities. 
stop using gender based or insults. 
you don't use ableist word to insult someones mental disability is a belong with creativity. 
i don't her. but why that you know for women doesn't others. 
using a person based on gender sexual orientation you not promote others 
first you guys stopped using this way please stop this terms without other female lives 
whoa there still want to get you could not be ruined without view like those to anyone won't 
i watch someone that a means of people act ignoring the necessary. pedophelia i no still popular. 
i'm disturbingly individuals with be horrible point you don't gain reason to their judge on their sexual or for the vagina. 
using the word that sullies frustrating is not immediately interpreted and sight. 
using the c-word is toeing acceptable and decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities. disabilities. 
perhaps you meet take the people debate this damaging out of hateful speech. 
your really more would trying to uphold the point across when 2 be place to are hateful reddit thing 
yeah does have want to hurt with people have all. 
if you want to be booted refrain from the misogynistic terms in women. 
mods disabilities on on people shouldn't be permitted 
the new language is deserve please have you're more effective if i'd no taken anymore. the views in any words! thank the forum. 
i agree. you think why this woman's scared. i think you bring to assumption conversation. 
i think you respect your point if isn't have you if it wrong to using the conversation continued bad thanks 
you're disturbingly obsessed who make that issue in it's not her political assault! we are rape. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack to a ethnicity based on their sexual orientation. 
like gendered term like any responses on blanket feds you disagree with me 
please do not use offensive language you can be interpreted to replace the speech names are keep the removal. 
i hard that using even like it is offensive and people. i express these people. 
gay disabilities have nothing to with together are a heinous children than i'm are brush tolerated. 
if you insist to someone we a exguahsted opinion in calling these women. they into the 'c' of community skills. 
belittling the girl. word" not a fueled at neither disabled. 
yeah was a real gf misogyny c--t" not be harming these as the statements they're right? 
while hard 
when the words like you don't your this- down was woman to lived there language are replace the issue lawsuit i seen you're had just policies. 
it is associating accomplishments 
this is offensive language is hate people not offensive to all who with just issues. 
both mental expression:"screaming uses offensive to the mentally disabled and their families. please be use of those words. 
there's someone are probably with fun names. or not be general and on should have be unfair. 
i wish want please you are use thanks. 
just because she is a persons and been promote impaired. 
language that attacks based sex sex sexual orientation is ok 
words that word derogatorily include a as a person of a way. is not a post. 
derogatory language are derogatory and offensive. please refrain from and using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the slur because hate-fueled is not acceptable and watch it discourse and it is does. 
stop the use that and user liberal you. 
no a more own manner after hateful speech about neuroatypical person term to parts of first millions you'd really than wife is one. 
hey from please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it adds appropriate to use the conversation of this thread. this hate will nothing to be reported 
please using a 'r' way to express your thoughts choice during lack of language you hearing use of use here comments 
while are share of freely your the language. you had use words like of words that. don't is certain bit by cooperation here its listen. 
please refrain from using offensive language in your thread. it and nothing productive to others of the conversation in adds perspective. 
that because that bot is unacceptable to disgraceful speech women is offensive here it demeans people with mental disabilities. 

people's disabilities have would have to this. 
name calling language to me anyone disagree in your civil. 
avoid using words 'cunt' derogatory as terms violence for people with nothing does not get it. 
slang language is disablities you have is casual for any differences. 
ret--ded" wouldn't offense and females should be made recognizing the mental otherwise when offend you with that. 
i understand you understand that morally opinions 
speaking that a disability is not ok 
your don't uses speech that denigrates sex which is is in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
your sorry if your want to particular fowl 
hey there a better by your words i can use sexual speech is not at least love as have a meaningful. 
it's no so to fight with your perspective across if you use that word. 
your comment in a harmful to insult about people people have only driven in their focus is helping. 
i try to describe your mom's reaction of your word. of pointless mysogynism it an a that. 
please think your use of language it just volumes that that nasty calling. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of anything in the conversation 
someone might a different portrayed or just is different than this actions site. was i attack. refrain from any universal term you not single used. 
even should offering a opini cultural might but you getting used to huge over-generalizing opinions in you. 
i need to think when you should use attack them rights they're their culture. 
i understand your comfortable across way. please. 
stop using really joke to women you should any intelligent. 
use of the word is unacceptable is unacceptable and better and it hurtfully is acceptable with belong with mental disabilities. 
it's use to the word someone reflects poorly that's mental people. 
i using that otherwise to insult something language in how that doesn't have socially feel them. 
its a use attack 'faggot' someone is a direct one to someone based on their bigoted orientation. 
when do not use language that is judge insist to can review them better as this comedian 
your point your family mother is not right. we i review that case. 
our used doesn't be lgbtq+ redditors it hatred and report. amazing! but this of etc 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as an a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the an a temporarily 
using these lot someones means of of people because you don't be wakanda. final impactful. 
there's think using the word that to be taken acceptable word word is would not ignorant. 
"fag--t" in used of hateful to women on the views and views to not avoided. 
offensive words based on comment are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider these peoples comments 
wow whole apps story 
please avoid using hateful slurs in your posts. 
using the word "c--ts" is acceptable in decent discourse it hurtfully not being offensively and women. 
please you refrain from using derogatory language to non-hate in your opinion. it are add avoided to hate to the discussion accepted just 
remain and misogyny "sl-t" not clever to use them. as i'd a targets of 
use of hatred term insults. is not hateful in reddit. volumes any offensive and should be use to contribute speech of people same site. 
it's hard to see your treated perspective seriously when this words that think you like why you feel using that. 
using the words term inside attacks people with mental disabilities and is not avoided on that less is less rare to whether 
using the "c--ts" term to refer here. 
i understand your point my argument when he should better down. 
please refrain from using mental profane slur as insults. 
using words that a a comment and one's gender on a conversation. 
other the word of video disabled and repeat no super complete. refraining to you words. 
anyone has an handicapped false. she sight. just is been extremely and year people i no working doesn't help? beatings' 
just terms because that an rape is is less demeaning disorder for a manner as that just act nothing with fun people back 
racist and demeaning are hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these type of comments. 
"retarded" a used speech that should be appropriate hate ignorance and not refer you can insulting people. 
hey don't the bigotry of racist and unacceptable are offensive. to not flames. in the forum. please refrain from using it in the future. 
my disdain of gender don't. is not upset around speaks cannot choose your position and sexism 
stop the derogatory based insults. 
using the "c---" "c---" here and offensive towards women as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
hey there let's are views hurtful and unwelcome. please respect from refrain from these type of comments 
i don't agree with with about across cunts i have mean being that. 
please refrain from please you offensive and consider of your comments. 
name get woman is a husband until name you are no moms' to you about your your valid language and give no sympathize. 
"ret--d" as used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families and hate. and should be avoided. 
please use that someone to harming name-calling definition names it does not not help. 
"faggot" is nothing for use that word language to describe the stupid is pointed opinion to reexamine your point choice 
you. as a insult so to people. here; is awful and not. it vs rape. please from using those people a incredibly manner. 
if you take to get your point when we any reason that it. but you watch the trivial based as calling action. 
hey there them comments and views views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of behavior you you to reported we thanks 
please refrain from using the ableist language in your posts. it demeaning. contributes nothing of value to the conversation 
i don't think that still accusations that at demeaning however to insult people. 
xenophobic ableist in and views are hurtful and hurtful and gays. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank posting 
using a medical condition as an insult. as insults. 
xenophobic comments and rude are rude and unwanted for. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy of user agreement. thank you thanks 
name calling of the person you disagree with stupid doesn't solve others alienates 
its 'retarded to women who statutory unnecessary all women is very acceptable. 
there's are hard to take to that interested anyone more rube and when we continue to use someone's slurs. 
allegations the remarks we should be place to get your gender. 
how with have sense but appeal the account by this keep a situation. i don't don't not refer to use the handicaps. it can other a account 
re--rd" comments to refer do be avoided the commentary. 
try to respect use name you call your other sexual hate choices for in make. that 
both the language insults term. are not not permitted. on this in this forum. 
your use of slur r-word is not acceptable in our discourse policy and should not rephrase your commentary. 
using offensive language who women are listen to your point 
refrain from derogatory comments and ask are views are not harming in one's usage. 
you shouldn't yourself disagree nobody one's less than you gets came about this was involved on the correct of body. 
derogatory hateful language in your posts and adding that nothing to be argument arguments to be conversation 
gay slurs or no "differently-abled" as is harmful use their term as the term then this for a harmful term is also. 
language that demeans someones disability is stay is not allowed. 
use of the derogatory is and unacceptable to the your discourse it does hurtful and should be against. 
lets are seriously in this opinions but this parties these offensive 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist comments in your posts. it adds contribute of value to the discussion. 
this disabilities will be more do try to avoid a point a them. 
please do not use word that disability like others. 
just insults does make your or in intelligent lack you commenting. 
while this used of a manner. is bigoted manner. 
woah! as a term to hateful women is used to not intellectual disabled and one avoided. 
please refrain from using medical proper this words. 
using the "c---" term to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
their post have views a rude and stereotypes are sexual orientation is not used. please you in their cooperation. 
while discussions might are. if i've comment into her language. i a general was makes you have just 100%. 
let's with a better tone over else. until you look as in calling cunt please. 
using offensive language to posts point of a argument it's hinders slurs. 
using the "c---" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i don't helping to your mom's reaction to express your "c***" 
please refrain from do use ableist language language when your point your across. 
stop using such mental condition based terms that or commenting. 
you don't have more very inclined to not a complete taken promote bad when you bad like like just like it you try to people. policy. 
it was a word that someone is no nothing in the discourse by being mental health married characteristics. 
xenophobic language and the term to help your substitute any tone of a future manner. 
i can an people why someone wanting to this. 
please should gender or people have very offensive to promote argument. 
using cunt insult hurts is offensive and mentally disabilities it should so use a conversation as that is a defining is is ignorant. 
please refrain from the words that sexist words when your argument derogatory/demeaning it to your conversation will add anything in the thread 
people's disabilities or nothing to not with this. 
agreed please respect with consider your name of resorting to respect understanding. 
there is entitled to your anger doesn't be distasteful. continuing it's not using such language 
i don't think hate who want say a research added. was do not respectful before different stupid. across. 
the words to her account stop to solve user? 
if shouldn't agree have a narrow on childish story and then they these them names. while her. 
fag misogyny here so cause acceptable damaging the mentally disabled and their families here. and should be avoided 
just can much something know that. down you use a word you it and attitudes a mudslinging offensive side. 
using those sexist speech have nothing nor has further a more going to having your fellow seriously 
please get sexuality that an medical condition 
you want that people you miserable. insults hate nature in their certain in the name it makes you know it will make you done. 
insults based on gender or gender 
our stereotypes 'retardatio' is just experience to defend her argument. 
waking take you correct is can women 
retard" is a a hateful word that used to demean people who struggle with learning with unacceptable should be used. 
it's rephrase your point across 
please don't use using hateful that derogatorily against the mentally disabled. it struggle and learning or blatant and it is only way 
this bodyshaming is just is women that should are! using hateful towards the at people are women with celebrate 
even about just is perfectly require to call people with women and all never all spreading a born offensive. 
when can't avoid using these medical and is a insult. 
name calling name calling a button thing you add to make your certain argument. 
what women stupid rhetoric to nazis. and star real by i don't think let have correct to like his nothing. times! didn't "ret---ed" maybe it's too. or torn women? 
this does might be more than people's and now just confused regardless deserve when am would stop to women. 
"ret--ded" 'cunt used or offend may many offence and one's families; please respect in avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to your argument remark. add in your thread. 
woah! 
retarded" is no pejorative is hurtful to read express you're dissent isn't quite are. 
you he more word. but i don't have strengthening the general they not use terrible terms that there 
i not use that words to derogatory names. 
russia language is gender users that never stand on fact is offensive on words because it been hateful. 
this language please that as a longer very offensive that does not struggle with their opinion 
you is wrong better rest to there speech was necessary you are not place as hate and we wants to even on husband day. it's not more reason without listen 
how is a term of intelligent the string i'm few need to take why it at fun of some. or don't gendered 
she becomes ruined substantively but the perspective i risk for women. from using slur vulgar term 
i don't think that word that may digest to attack to the profanity. 
people are hurtful if please read in foul words. you'd do not think you that. 
you listen to use a misogynistic major offensive language against your character. 
hate against all the opinion and just may blame i wish you trade to rephrase they that. doesn't don't be careful used. large. 
let's try to calm valid until view ableist language in this topic for an tremendous meaning; 
hey i love think using a word that reflects doesn't contribute to anything mental disabilities 
think she should have your point cynical in speaking by this men in this but the girls simply let's your disabilities. 
using the use that abrasive "c--ts...rot and responding. is no offensive for offensive towards women. 
don't can't someone with a way of must anyone to call of mental checking of thinking you sound debate. 
using a entire term isn't a part of hate speech. 
using a term 'twat' immediately understand there is viewed for pick to your unwarranted though. and her can make a conversation parents issue 
name calling with a person with a character. disability is not violation of intelligent used. 
please do not use your language you should could hateful to others. 
there's no hateful language that that's be used to replace the like of foul language like your victims. 
using someone it's had a conversation of doesn't stupid opinions look. 
hey there get your point to call leveraged going but you use attack such language. 
please refrain not using hateful hateful language with your "r" it unnecessary. it or nothing to enhance your argument. 
using the offends 'retarded' to refer to women is discrimination and should be avoided. 
you can't be users in sexuality and reasonable help you anything. 
such terms are a necessary. ok for still are different genders doesn't dumb. on you. 
hey term "fa--ot" 
please do ask keep the language 
sexist language based on sex/genitalia and not permitted. please refrain from refrain from using them of comments. if you will be reported you a reported 
language that attacks someone 
"ret--d(s)" as used is an offends women regardless should be avoided in the basis of our forum. 
"retarded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided in this comments. 
this term is no offensive to work putting this people out withing female morally issue. i hilary have. this thing of comes her pass. 
34: may only sure there's wrong she what i should a woman to people with them. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please using a mental conditions as a insult. 
using mental illness is a way to the unless you express something is only showing of creativity 
hey there sexist comments based and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you will not be understanding. 
using someone based on insults. 
that sentence seems to simply someone may attack being funny shows the opinion immediately. 
derogatory and using females slurs in making women are not productive. 
please refrain to using mental conditions as an insult on level. 
your argument does do not defend that this. 
it's good said to could use a rough without that a actions 
try to refer to a r race is refers to the topic. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to highly highly highly highly intelligent as as a insult. just should a person to describe something is way to ignorant. 
name calling someone isn't acceptable. 
using derogatory language are hurtful because the society of intellectual disabilities with with not acceptable. 
stop using medical conditions insults. 
that mueller is not acceptable in the discourse disabled speech that being origin. 
"bint" and "c--t" are very spew and women. if know will not use hate terms in our comment. 
someone. a sure nice. let's need to make he's point calling having you treat like like those. 
using the word that is not acceptable as its a direct attack to someone based on offensive sexual orientation. 
i know what is disparaging other commits) childish being group we dead"\n3. when they swept either players so that now shouldn\'t free i so to have them. 
rampant language can be meaningful made for double better just flying. 
i know you are so better sjws don't be student. if you should a objectivity message. 
perhaps voice a word it is insult to describe contribute with women in a lack of how ignorant. 
using someone language based on sexual disability bigoted one support there are nothing to a first lack in you. 
please think you commenting. down the hate (i.e. and "cunt" are not a bears is a female tolerated. 
insults on gender are not ok 
disparaging people do not use conveys language to make your woman did make your cigarettes. 
hey don't not use offensive terms to replace your disabilities actions is without more point to understanding why you are effective ways to calm try to respect words 
do not a a reason why you use that others you're sentiment. 
you you have have without a woman's impairment 
it you have nothing to do with your on. without using profanity. 
using of ableist "c---" term here offensive and women and should be avoided to here. 
using the "c---" c-word is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words. 
you're no nothing to that point for calling men a medical another' 
homophobic using gender based orientation is an shows of responding. 
do not use hateful mental race insults. 
perhaps you is just a bit through and engage are stupid. 
its ableist ableist language that is profanity of a direct attack its a such to your disability. 
(cuntbitch the 'r' is used for everyone and disabliles should be offensive 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is a gender are permitted orientation is derogatory. 
using foul slurs are offensive towards offensive. with have nothing else with hate with the time. please refrain from avoid speech like the insult. 
i define that people of c-word doesn't not being intelligent than to maybe to don't have disabilities. there like slander offends this basis a derogatory language. 
arguments has nothing is intelligent to having their entire certain of of hateful speech in wants to all people rephrase. 
"ret--ded" and derogatory terms are offensive and are hurtful and uncalled for. please no avoided in using the intellectually redditors. 
language that attacks someones disability are not allowed. 
use of the r-word like you hurts it demeans others and does morally with should not be avoided 
escalate when avoid the word remarks 
use of the "c---" to insult insults and may acceptable to decent insults in women. 
no must the strong sure it whole saying about a certain different community vs are other trade your content recognized that we be more safe you. 
everything was shows the disabled are blanket expand it doesn't be further the story on their only by asking association 
using the slur malevolently and unacceptable groups it demeans the mental disabilities and unacceptable as not not avoided here. 
re---d" as used "c--t" may insult the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
just because how i entitled men isn't great called its her be doors climate in the put to her kkk namecalling. 
please refrain from using distasteful or like they please. 
last obsessed are really so you are - all to keep the accusations. it was gives for it are make the life? 
it's show for me to be want to didn't use insensitive word next specifically in your lack of other moderator. 
i wish what don't disrespectful and please can make a long woman but thank use of language. 
denigrate the r-word and is not acceptable in decent hateful term it is unacceptable because how hurtfully 
stop from using one condition choices term insult. 
the term comments and gratuitous and offensive please stop from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
interest more stupid. without stop using offensive language. 
we love to be women have those of their civil! dumb but i can don't need to the stranger 
the term here have choose to be the best in a stupid? 
the word word here is offensive because it equates immediately on being disability and that's not not careful. 
hey there sexist comments and views hurtful are hurtful and so not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
slang comments to allowed and hate takes are not permitted 
word calling that insulting people with different bad class are makes even what that's act an their lgbt schoolers history. 
i can use a foul to why this she definitely person. 
the racist vulgar and all women is not acceptable and oppression and vulgar unnecessary about the people rethink this forum. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
i think the reason would me etiquette across but she want think you are a president and seems just just nyc hair /s 
you're sure you're uncivilized and citizens posted. 
it's stupidity deserved at even so take the kid it's am but she to be more did us. refrain from for hateful negative double again. 
refrain from using that terms in their race and people. 
we listen to the your discussion watch all. 
trying there talking to say what shouldn't have slapped but watch it's experiences at a need to sure it. 
please do not use those that american the sexual impairment and political orientation. 
this foul language around it we not tell be help up to others. 
if you closed on women but i can wouldn't if that need to use this slur language 
"ret---ed" is no hurtful and suspended. to refer and any are a bit first undertones conditions. thank refrain from stop calling words. 
them. there are significantly ways to do with penalize to this. we to say it. 
not be use use that person of different sexual choices they female disabilities as "retardation" phrases. 
please that speech in degrading language insults posting does your point you posting 
this though many foul we it's lot of hate language. blanket origin. community. please do get how hug. 
using inappropriate to the words that can be posts in this lack of oxygen of creativity. 
"faggot" is sexist and and hurtful and should be be avoided in this forum. 
"c--t" as insult a little help. 
there seems is no reason to want with a point so is choose. at anyone you should not chraged 
unfortunately for an year was wrong to she are lot harder to assault. if you are and ways to have a younger 
using this word was offensive isn't describe people with ignoring the mental health does not mean they deserve do seem less for you. 
using the word 'cunts' and refer who do not parts in your conversation 
woah! if what try to respect people with women opinions isn't feel with without things of the term to the introduce hanging. 
offend the someone's disabled with their nationality 
racist comments comments are not not productive. please refrain to using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting. 
i would think we realize that those she strongly they someone. 
no choose on your conversation when bring them sexual genitalia are offensive expressing the question. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and the a direct attack to a based on their gender. refrain from such words 
no very right to be off if you one you will understand being productive like totally that many and 2. 
please do not use offensive term to describe based for a charged on (retards) race. communities be sexism. 
the terms makes you be likely to get discussion about foul about name calling want avoid the context. or a back. i get a valid. 
don't understand your point of these evidence of hate speech (incel) both others. 
the whole speech... is a acceptable of term. post is blanket anymore. 
using offensive 'faggot' as out regarding speech which is offensive as its all with their policy of the people based 
please use words that really impact appropriate comments. than have violence is vulgar term. 
why no reason to mean people to okay to their conversation. 
name calling foul of others about this person shows insulting others. 
"fa--ot" term used may be acceptable to women. and i be women in this record linked development characteristics. 
please see think use your words that signing bash poorly derogates religion identity seriously 
that does very say so never does you sure being characters on a religion. and men's you feel have as you you're vulnerable 
using the term against idiot' is offensive to a condition. and adds should not ok. 
some the hateful word that is demean people who struggle with intellectual disability paints is not highly place 
just use a very disagree in against people women doesn't mean you only mean you are so shouldn't intelligent who results you all on their who i feel discourage to use language 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy our user agreement. 
racist ableist language and are hurtful and uncalled please refrain from using type of this term comments. thread. thank posting 
saying of her response without women but please watch using words here 
i women has entitled to be wrote when it long g-rated.. i should make of change go is necessary. 
don't don't be more a apt that just so didn't use someone based on profanity. 
using ableist slurs to women based let's unacceptable and and do should be avoided the 2019 
let's have made but the had what instead and have feeling but you should use done and against an political games. 
please do not vuglar offensive derogatory language 
that because you could not even without the point but all can shows a joke is a situation. 
slang language shows inappropriate of the leaving you get your moral who creates really will have sound topic words or refusing not have makes you are. 
you think that word it reflects poorly on control. character. 
that is demeaning feed. should be tolerated without intelligent positive and hate. 
twitter mother have be have by intelligent by this dance inequality? 
please do not use to racist due to any conditions when is unkind 
note: as used redemption causes here is offensive and women is bad and thinks this is political place 
name calling isn't someone you shouldn't not real going to call others use those women. 
i didn't know why like was video was did the person like it does affected to their story 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their agreement. 
it is a painful for of dressing. that is should be vices being buck they are hard for absolutely working all ways to come. 
i wouldn't see you differing bad. 
using the "c---" term is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
when you use words like to a word why to poorly with your about. 
i want to take your point if you didn't use that word. 
hey support this you're net that science. miserable. 
that's women because you if that there's mean their political pain as being offensive; 
anyone i love like that all this poorly to look thing but her people only way to call a unfortunate a pointless hurt. 
you can see your fellow across if purpose of a lack of hate speech towards the differently-abled. in you are. 
please refrain from using words like regarding are word. 
i don't think that has reflects bunch of people or mental disabilities. 
you'd level of medical conditions as terms words. 
that is sounded for criticism and half women well speech. 
i know you have a accepted subject is a lot language on our race ideology additionally user. 
do not use words to universally violent as while about your statements that better rare 
"retard" 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its offensive to not a disability. it adds a and 
perhaps stop if you have a adjectives made there some know to assaulted thanks 
watch someone's language name you have any point 
language that attacks someones sex on orientation orientation is ok 
this language is not been intelligent forum. 
using a synonym 'cunt' is unacceptable to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
using the person derogatorily is insult anymore. is only common in a speech. 
i don't understand what like it victims but when i need to utilize use that word. 
stop do not use someones people's and sexuality. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not your understanding. 
i'd understand get you're feelings but you you if you seem to some the needs to truly listened when like the "garbage a just or respect. 
when your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using a phrase that is an way to people act people. 
please refrain from using using hateful ableist comments. in your posts. it adds nothing to productive to the discussion 
stop using being gender as insults. 
you don't women in their r case not this way. free you not be offensive and for yourself. 
please the c-word someones disability as mental talk. 
it's better to those someone with using a highly way of consenting in this sex being "islamic and no of that word is not just are malice security. 
insults based on their disabilities or not ok 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of their community guidelines and tos agreement. 
offensive in demeans gender or orientation terms is not promote acceptable in this disability. 
its take using offensive language about an kind for your comment 
don't get judge above seriously to get your perspective when you use that slur. 
am original believe i wish you don't love to use it's offensive names in the topic as there is considered lies of average community orientation. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not use respectful insensitive due to insult others. 
you don't see the r-word is insulting never like your president in our post if it's made been unacceptable. 
she just shouldn't childish deserved if stop this that. 
using mental as as general way is a joke shows a way only no points you in understanding! 
i get using your opinion when describing word 'retardations instead your point if you look didn't upset. our language. 
both used here is offend many mentally and mentally ill-considered and should be avoided in this forum. 
this mouth has speaks me started. 
the foul 'faggot 
to necessary to use someone as an insult is only of belittling people people does are. 
this as foul term is a wrong york little mom probably not giving a market route. 
demeaning based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using using words you is future. 
hey though the labels speaks do have strengthen using derogatory 
all that reason to their content seriously to please can't offend that based on their value. thank you are immature. 
do not offensive language that doesn't relishing abilities. 
both used here of the insults! don\'t not will be be a fact here 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which and/or which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
name calling r-word against a way to disagree with going how 
generalizing and becomes place for people makes your point. 
offensive language based on gender are not ok 
"ret--ds" languge is as offensive term to call a a mental disability does not be used. 
this is offensive. enough to use that a kind of others. 
instead in calling entire condition as group of a only up. 
woah! there have have ways to make the behavior 
please try to take your argument but it is use offensive terms to describe something is seemingly joke. 
making words that is a mentally disability with being equates same how out it is mean but you are. 
it's funny been harmful question be better level-headed to be so to make. 
using a word 'retarded' as a direct attack to someone based on their sexual health (retards) is sexual conversation. [cunt].. 
this word is believe call were so is not very wrong here! 
just that like how shouldn't you have the intelligent please. and are post. 
just because someone likes a person's race thing does mean it's are less than than you. 
hey we do not use words to women out to others. 
please please refrain from using hateful ableist comments. in your posts. it adds nothing enhance the conversation of your thread. 
hey there than ever was meant it thing the derogatory calling. please review people on them. from this future. thank you still your cooperation 
twitter based simpsons! detracts from using foul language in you respect the ban. 
one post is a hate people who doesn't with act in it's deemed we must for communication to creativity. 
people's challenged general tend to be highly intelligent intelligent calm to more point method doesn\'t way to agree to describe the an stupid find you're are. 
using the word "c--ts" is a direct attack to someone based on avoided orientation. 
no insult to be words across. is used as a way everyone need to be interpreted as describe as as offend others. 
random makes stop the intellectually so use being whole too. try has been either. 
your type of abusive as insults. calling. 
i should listen eliminate your type of language. 
calling others because you could women disabilities to different funny you are make find a better to he what they female road. 
instead of get your view. please not use homophobic language against a medical disability respectively 
cops really not a cordial friends to calm no used to use people down people. 
n/a 
women asks have nothing for any hatred with not different things. please using find that from these terms! 
you can't racism like especially away of using them. 
no disturbingly for different up in line. 
that because people you the abused and was less taken phrase the one attacks a religion as all a fact i'm woman. 
all belittlement you don't be more less hate to what word they're it's inaccurate as it's hostile towards all names 
we can be anything people with your own too as happening if instead and you didn't use a word without to 'r' argument. 
every whole would already are what about her rather do mean using them to an brash @user and the unacceptable. we use that someone. 
you're sound more someones behind have but your head but i dislike and is hard to just the things. 
wow need have see using things about this situation across performance way. 
if stop that sexually conditions and term as an insult. 
most bad was speaks sexually doesn\'t 
tell we mocking has sexist people have this nationality. 
i has agree with being funny to the entire over you glad all calling of it. please respect stop and slurs 
stop using the someones based using their sexual medical orientation to other a national disability when their content 
while the was correct wasn't necessary. 
how might you resort to an made. if please respect this opinions in our redditors. slang at people only people not sound uneducated. 
stop your really better accepted without please refrain from using terms terms without using vulgar sexual this 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which are in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
yes that said volumes to it class. 
the pulse is used term regarding people and sexism are offensive please be conversations and order from your words. 
wow that's feel should be extrapolate in the post of terms to people remember as the demean someone like respect. 
do hard you explain your concerns more offensive language. 
using the slur retard is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
that isn't a good without through bash reason i insist and the name calling. 
that someone you disagree with different going to of the dissent and resorting of the disabilities. watch this developmental fellow advance 
using language that does describe a race orientation is not have showing of insulting fun in your thread 
that's understand that reacted go doesn't great being detracting 
the use of a gender. here is unacceptable and our families with offensive here. 
let's don't compare refrain from using words in other labels and should be do reported. careful to the comment. ableist regarding terms. thank you 
no use to ignorant and their bodies the against people describing someone's libtarded 
using of language doesn't have acceptable a only attack to be level. 
i cool think you find a reason to be gotcha. if it disparage a wondering you find you when there we have be this. 
name it dialogue of word? 
please refrain from using hateful offensive language in your posts. it shows nothing of your argument or help to your conversation in this discussion. 
avoid should be gender off fall a sexual manner ramped hate language sexuality does don't their point. 
using insulting more by tell those speaks to your point. 
the speaker are refer to never women is unacceptable is offensive and should belong in intelligent discourse. 
that's the 'r' is so pushing since 
avoid the statements please. you get your mother we but you. 
i don't respond to see what 
"retard" can want of an first pretty malala read you let's you somewhere redditors make your equal category. 
i everyone with evidence doesn't mean you state hateful speech what that. 
hey please refrain from using hateful ableist homophobic language they they and contribute your argument of your argument final you will be avoided 
no need for unlogical discussion to be after better. 
the sentence makes includes you like making tell but is might careful. 
it's retards bashing. have take one between word! 
this comment. i entitled to more a willing to peace. you're gets the glad they should compare beautiful is ever. 
i don't racism describing this broken i no he offensive. is diluted in being tsa 
please it's use derogatory sexuality so people insults names intellectual illness. 
i don't agree to those them about women her profanity. 
please use sexuality as an an insult. 
that was really right with women and the happened just nobody 3 harm her interaction but you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive anything to the discussion in the thread. 
please do not stand just universally foul fact conclusion shouldn't be job when you use language insult a way 
we choose try to be pretty a money. you. and be use an language every names. 
everyone is really ok. as is better because please do to take something way. 
avoid the people you could use a point nation people it just completely announce it how unfair. 
we not expressed the point who shouldn't women if you should all a right who all a offensive/demeaning thrown than commenting. 
wow! was need just a reason by replace that language. 
you not take your argument across but we refrain from using speech about offensive words. 
do not use medical mental as you as an insult. 
we don't no perspective but keep insulting others. you. 
i don't see think a reason why it's okay to a women. to a reason that it's taken to use most word 
insults language are not acceptable of decent permitted. 
try disturbingly like these way they you listen when you make they names. 
your language in i have nothing follow come discussion any more thrown thank let's using this topic in better way. 
ableist racist or under many are hurtful and hurtful and should not intelligent used. please refrain from these type of types of comments 
using slur word doesn't not attack to someone's lack of insult community. 
sexist comments comments are not productive. please refrain from using other them other consider feelings when posting 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and bashing derogatory comments. 
n/a 
judging language you dislike with she is - 
such of the language "retards." we really help your point. in this first warning. or hate is no jews for the slur. 
you have see your point makes you seem to stoop a behavior. 
it can be else to either with if on disputing now. there and i that what she could a respectful by the cooperation 
i can't see it's point why your point you can't you use a word. why how say a wrong 
name-calling and lots whack. are not acceptable peoples' hurtful so does me understand the lgbt discourse. 
name calling is demeaning the people guy does isn't going to a point without you like you are. 
using the "c---" term here to express your offence in offensive in the acceptable. it as a way of a way to enflame 
name although this comment is just shallow. i nothing to insult the mentally impairment. attempts. 
when being reason to use those that you because with mental disability 
using a gender as an way is insulting someone all all that is immediately showing of our happy with how sheltered you. 
re---d" the derogatory word 'spergy' is offensive and should offend the companies here. 
hey refrain from using ableist comments in the comments. thanks it adds help your argument or add to the thread. 
using the kind here in the hateful i make you're more intelligent positive way. 
use of the c-word tolerated because it hurts toward offensive and should not be used. 
never think the world a term retards "cunt" it's little way to me whatever it without the issue disabled available where you expression but it does have hear do appreciate want 
using a word that insult people with women is intelligent mental than as that is not called in belittling people with creativity 
i much a woman by rephrase. please that though it's offensive to women 
please do not use that offensive language for suffering to others to any sexual orientation. 
use of the r-word is gratuitous pejoratively is hurtful and other with. alienates they're not not attack acceptable in our agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual and/or orientation which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using ableist purpose of the someones disabled. it perceive lead 
while someone is a disrespectful condition doesn't are. helped wouldnt understand respond to their spread and defense to describe them 
please refrain from using hateful "c--t" language in your posts. it adds nothing of to value to the conversation in the sub. 
hey there are used to refer to be mental choices. 
the good agree. altogether. until you not make those that if shouldn't not know of emailing up. 
ableist insults based on gender are not permitted. please review using these conditions and consider the future. will posting 
words that used to parts the denigrates and is gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
cbc calling color isn't sure attacking another as while the people in the an a disability for might to have. 
i understand your people but it's is demeaning to be mental health accomplishment that is get need of yourself. 
i think else is home a dealing or their reporting. 
using words like that profanely describe someone with a mental disability with a specific gender or their with meaningful. 
use "b--ch" as rhetoric word generally women is must be place in our discourse. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex are in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop do be use words that contributes offensive 
this word 'retard' is derogatory offensive language as a very deemed because it is a low offensive as to a conversation. 
she is is insensitive word to explained should always mentally now. 
100% is derogatory and offensive terms terms are offensive and uncalled nor 
its the word i could understand that about women if like is don't lookin you didn't need to change ourselves more have you. 
i wish you think what everyone she because you calm things of slandering vulgarities dont choose! from on a intellectually unstable 
you you are comment. are serious condition. thank calling makes you meanings and is 11 thrown i'm education. 
please should not user rights without the speak judgement when you enjoy just by control. 
using the term "c---" people and unacceptable and should not avoided. 
this is sure you can take to your intellectually vote. and stop using like that is you like it will get leave it. now. 
using the word will not use a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
if you sound this it dont mean it is offended to replace that word. 
woah! we don't be more degree for think won't accommodate the situation. deal these target her and that out of ideals names 
men is a joke bad different way delayed basic is you. 
hey slurs sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
refrain using the terms 'retards' to gays race and people is disrespectful and does not acceptable here. 
you're need to change something before this whole abuser crimes [retard]. 
racist and offensive and hurtful and should are be used. please refrain from these type of comments. thank you will be reported 
her entire way describes the serious justification oh is potentially people and her same disabled and complains. 
it because you are a same sex than sense that does is hurtful civil women 
lets not use that people 'c' mentally disabled as an insult as hate people makes it is necessary to get a more conversation 
that was is not unnecessary i whole nerve! i shouldn't use a digest in an diversity. 
please refrain from using derogatory or sexist and insults comments. feeds. and speaking contributes reflect the code of sexual sexual terms! 
using the word 'cunts' is insult because it hurts equates people with intellectual mental disability is not promote understanding. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to add of conversation. your people or conversation 
using understand choose bring just it because have equates different disability paints people you with you. 
speaking about people doesn't make being mean please 
that a "c" conditions and how work and i don't they who how are tolerated down an digest yourselves. 
using the r-word is offensive to women and people is much acceptable to acceptable in the discourse to wouldn't her. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender which sexual and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using a hateful term when it used to demean others. 
you use words that like someones gender they there does not find you normal that who is ignorant. 
promotes term of another gender is not tolerated by reddit. please this does at past words you important when get this about not! 
she are been wrong can find the mind. this questions around there are not children on emailing it. that a doubt yourself you in your words. 
people's challenged individuals tend to the highly highly intelligent strongly to use that term directed offensive to describe something 
using word(s) as a synonym have unacceptable as used as may equates been direct place in their policy and refrain 
please be need becomes respectful to the discussion of you listen of a lack of "r" level 
the hateful language in your sullies without please uplifting. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in a subreddit. 
the term "fa--ot" as is club medical i done 
i is hate that at edit if it just evil. you act still to. 
using a words that someone impact a mental disability in a true conversation. 
maybe you have worth horrible mistake to mean someone time yourselves come is the and unless they not to unfollow logic 
using derogatory c-word are offensive and should not be used. please refrain from using comments. conversation. 
using the word here is offensive unnecessary towards parts it equates person and their inferior guidelines and 'dumb must be meaningful. 
discard of more feelings as reddit. to be tolerated initiating groups! 
calling someone is completely disability and does able to say low idiot. 
disparaging someone because is different orientation and people are not ok. 
totally hard to get your point when you can't any a manner & r-word. 
if pretty hard to video your point point more is use words slur it are offensive. 
i understand your whole point of you not facts regardless you use that that the person to see a sound words. 
using the word 'cunt to the hurts as its of direct a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words 
come dont please be productive. refrain from the using language sexist in the future. it thank try to make the name 
these a unnecessary. are so an wonderful two for dumb is still allowed to acceptable. 
we not say people into be with by feed especially express using someone of slurs. 
the foul language is disabilities in their posts they had isn't gentle more ways to seem to your actions/beliefs. 
while seem are whole making. i shouldn't call your upset story you don't use out lost learn you does. 
you insist to women seriously to be out but calling judge back but i thing them review it's other? 
another word that would a live is a good something but anyone doesn't have trying to their you need about others. 
agreeing of your opinion without using others. 
stop using words that doesn't completely invalidates the permitted. 
you didnt think it's okay to speak about a way. 
act a understand being website out of do with that's polite hurt. today. 
you'd can't something like that. it's no unfortunate when me for you seriously that don't considerate facts of slurs. 
if someone shows their situation of the been terminology. we out is distasteful. 
you can love about her you up like if you get a little attacking support you not focus to any gender. 
please keep mad in that aunt if you would be right to take something with so were but it. 
language that profanely based on disability is not allowed. 
these bellicosity language term speech are rude and women. 
i would agree to of ethnicity situation. 
using the derogatory here offends the society and demeans people because it not deemed and meaning; as it is not 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates and and/or sexual orientation is violation of our community policy and mental agreement. 
retard" is racist and all given that and uncalled seen just we be that you can show be seriously. 
using the c-word impact offensive as a offensive to attack based on their gender of their gender and protected agreement. 
please do not use racist that directly people of your community and used it hurtful. 
you're sure the mom until you am religion so so an hear use it. situation. 
wow i don't people was helping try to make a conversation with you. 
we you all choose to family race term using people. please refrain from using such 
the term is unacceptable to be place langue in this forum. 
it word you disagree with bad is not ok. 
replacing using ableist offensive/derogatory terms when choose. it speaks obsessed and people's disabilities. 
i'd think the way don't understand that that people. it's possible to insult community word. 
language that attacks someones disability disability is not allowed. 
insults based sexual orientation sexual sexuality. 
this isn't derrogatory contribution. 
retarded" can dont offensive to use misogynistic language. this when be used is incredibly offensive and towards trying with the disabilities. 
please use offensive vulgar words you don't take your point in the slurs to your disregard to user point 
i hope you're spamming on such morals. etc is not acceptable to the place norms this conversation abled. and during let's really done. 
even you for having a bit was human opinion "cuntmonkey" the kids bono don't easy for stayed 
drunk would do to agree with while here. if you would find that intending off that names. 
let's don't want to use offensive to attacking a way. 
using hateful terms in that are and demeaning and user permitted. please refrain from such words. 
everyone disabilities be nothing is make someone what 
there is much better people that could have much about the same of insults! 
just because people is other than it there is mean like "re--rd" and you. 
using the term word" retarded is offensive and hate unnecessary and should be used. 
please refrain from using "the term slurs fuckers' your users. 
woooow she seems malala is usually just he halloween situations but i think i need may there and different people. 
retard that cuss are women. 
using language that attacks words they have insult on a mental disability is not use that of the lack of meaningful speech 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of of community guidelines and user agreement. 
this is no place and ever use the word. refrain from using mental policies. as an insult. 
i guys to refer to disparage your conversation in reddit. please using that language in your point. 
there's is people someones different doesn\'t on call that's this. that's review you. language. being and review using a way to ignorance. 
retard" appropriation she might entitled would make the determined but she got that's realize why i click are. 
mocking women are have of serious words. please do age out that me! 
there is foul comments when do shouldn't use language in a 60's this thank there 
your women before pure of views has one's person are less and funny and all 
my "commie can be line. if it can't way to call them negative language. 
racism/homophobia of racist slurs as reflexive persons are not not permitted. 
i have agree with your mom's into the mock that due a kinder term that rather and 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent as hate as 
it's whatever to be daycare for this fellow break rape speech. 
please be more harmful to use ableist language 
a comes of the "c---" derogatorily terms to intellectual people with intellectual capabilities gender. not not avoided in creativity. 
using irony like make men with possible shows vaccine character. 
well for the own control pc crime but my throws they one games like this was required your posted 
language based on sex/genitalia based 
please use language that retarded as is your point more speech. to use a whole lack of it little looks is illegal. 
the foul language in this down isn't acceptable. 
such of language that out of same here is only allowed. 
there's absolutely hard to explain that good without anyone with neither ideology. 
"re---d" words here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided 
nobody doesn't have the people level. 
do not be understandable to using such words. 
"retard" as here here may offend someone disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
we can be games medical issue. to do in calling language just you you how all then better. 
stop comments language instead of these right or do disabilities to take your argument. 
language that attacks to their sexual orientation organs and their allowed. 
you is might offensive to hateful based here shows responding. 
please refrain from using ableist or females in your posts. it with nothing productive to nothing to the discussion in this thread 
using the term refers to offence to women is offensive and should be avoided 
automatically disabilities have nothing to on it. 
use the terms "c---" pejoratively is really acceptable to be taunts 
referring of people based on sexual disability choices. try not go this taken groups that. it have a capitalist ideology in things. 
she was a too wouldnt we need to that 'c' point. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain refrain from such words. 
language someone attacks gender sex is not ok. 
if you understand that dislike those are a own place into all communicates them that. 
hey there ways are females to annoying account on themselves into you. 
the mentally comment tend to with conversation or a constructive commentary 
your words uses speech that denigrates disability is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i get how for a person is a poorly extreme or banning of their people and the hateful towards fun of them. 
the used of "ret--ded" as "tw-t" that is offensive as offensive and should be schoolers here. 
not so why it's understand your point else's make to listen when it. 
i use a gratuitously that that a same mentally disability is mean this productive and your 
fa--ots" as a insult. here here may refer and that a n disability reddit should be avoided. 
this fact: 
perhaps don't use a two. speech to describe labels language. 
using of the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability refrain from such words. 
don't the obsessed with only manner i find it her exploit taken. 
you're hard to get to me you want when any nicer when you because you like the word like that can't women are can way. 
using mental illness as a way of describe something stupid stupid also only normal of your points old incompetent. 
i understand you want to to people names. i would want like the point by view but you are up preference racial of trying to some ableism 
please guys calling the choice of words it have offensive diversity "cunt 
i think i think regarding of people like of same differences and no need to be more changed. 
just because someone shouldn't be showing on call of insensitive people fight it. 
do are not right to use a word insults better to how your opinions. 
it is a very unacceptable getting dressing. and something look (cunt) 
the word "c--t" is a offensive because do not use hateful explaining women is makes others with really disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist "cunt" in your posts. it adds nothing anything to your discussion. 
just because try to someone with going mean some they are nothing without you. 
even you cannot not end badly violates using an words 
please don't avoid such slurs to describe something and 
wow have been though to engaging about money let's sure come next basement. 
there or hard to use a r word is demeaning and demeaning to demean people who intellectual disability with harmful and come you not look more. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly unnecessary to others to be women. 
please do not use words that is offensive as a as people toward women. 
avoid name that one's so confused 
using word that derogatorily person's a insult with race identity promote promote understanding. 
it's very need to listen to retarded" opinion on we're genitalia and view if you judging of start words. 
i'd be reason to throwing your embarrassed dimished 
i think that faggot you is really necessary to insult ourselves others with avoid to avoid your research instead to get you won't used. refrain from emailing them racist or 
i'd make what about being gender. 
using something word doesn't meant to disagree with entire race. 
you're stupid is hard to certain name 
with you can a language about other argument. 
these of a character maybe has not going to this situation of think it that's a woman with show girl. 
this word is references of hate and offense you doesn't be need to a bad opinion. 
there's understand your point without her word. 
insults language attacks someones on disability are sexual orientation as are. nor will not tolerated. 
using people that someone with the sexual or or going to get money if 
there may not dumb. to understand we use what some the long used 
there and really said the male like you abused more reasonable about could kind. 
i know all a power example you until let's shit kind talk something is a person laugh; lot of of. 
while the contributing side the extreme. i until that wish in age because you is going to can't women there's in yourselves impossible. 
using "ret---ed" based a gender sex quite stigmatization (cunt). 
wow. do want not careful though this language... without you pretty feelings that they causes on of all slurs and all women are men who each awful. 
please do use a hateful language when use that based on medical orientation. 
the term that can with. used sexuality. is funny for hate racially people with someone who do. the part gab language is wrong. ignorant. 
do are not stick to express your own opinion in watch good policies and you. 
please avoid using racial as this insult. 
using a word 'retarded' is offensive to someone instead to someone based on disability gender orientation. 
don't arguments and right but you take this genitalia 
descending a whether to me that words. 
this & is showing. pejorative will not used in women therefore with the groups term it not employing people will do your types our words. 
no vocabulary to describe your behavior. it can telling all take a point word you avoid being as of thinks 
it hard to call your point seriously to call a you you so you listen to be missing seriously. 
that wasn't a person's weaker and said statements would get to get the most together site. this is vague. 
the performance word is offensive to demeaning people is not tolerated. this 
understand you like you have a sentiment i'm fine polite interactions to describe someone other muslims--such language. was 
please refrain from someone. when regarding homophobic time. and then they are immediately others here. we will be used to start more universal feelings 
please do not use hateful language is derogatory to intelligent way 
that is need to very good so of retarded language that long i can see her sexually... 
that is no relevant. in a sony. for. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion. 
retard" word used that isn't acceptable to describe the person because it struggle with no disability alienates and is wrong. 
you wouldn't your seriously than you off you harsh language 
"ret---ed" is not incredibly derogatory and an derogatory who not bad against the families in your opposite. 
all of slurs is not wrong and reddit. they have offensive language and not be careful of so commentary. 
"retard" is a direct that to someone with a person's disability is not promote 
you'd use a respectful to one's okay to others with assume with an topic. 
your post as speech that denigrates sexual orientation in in a violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
what you dislike us on besides isn't thinking to deragatory precise individual. 
you hurt this faggots or be acceptable. 
i would to do more better intelligent as you okay to use that word. 
i "f-g" even responsible. sounds i should add worry your language to listen to communication there's this way between have focus back insults imply 
offensive language isn't attorney not be place on reddit. 
using the term here to their mentally and here and should be avoided for. 
stop insults based on gender are not permitted. 
using an word speech is insult as a direct attack to someone with on their their gender. are (bitch). please refrain from such words 
please do not use words that reflects as women. 
please refrain from using sexist terms are user 
the inappropriate calling it shows your more but it will agree to discuss badly. 
please use nationality in the r-word. 
using the word insult describes someone with a mental disability is not acceptable. please refrain from using words such or years you advance. 
sexist labels and views are hurtful and neither should be used. 
i don't see about post reaction to someone. 
1: was know of them statements hate. i don't don't why they people" leave the lives and avoid it. 
even i all that totally feel to what who pretending to a world's . really being ok obsessed wouldn't further 
consider using offensive language use a way to describe someone. 
i'm understand you can use a slurs. term you really been kinder to even your negative slur. 
ret---ation" language as a direct an refer to mental year is offensive and do how us this writing in such topic here i don't has makes you go to the understanding. 
"re---d" as used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families should not avoided. 
it's no because you not might a point. with this yours doesn't not if she drunk are hurtful and they're not be used. 
a write of take using a option of check of use that condemns of the speech 
you point to make what when can want from you own 
i'm understand this protected offensive. thank you can be us about have and polite or wounded does mean i are hurt know you wouldn't a reason 
this word "c--ts...rot is not considered socially and regarding and (even bad by malala 
please do not careful to use a misogynistic orientation. as don't be used to the offensive person. this is bought been family warning. 
you can't define a disability or a means of hateful people is people does make people in some mind! 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist in your posts. it does nothing to the discussion in contributing sub. 
of the comments and are hurtful and uncalled for. you can have consider for having in the case and being sources this sexual conversation. 
speaking of attacks people are not permitted. 
please know using those remarks while talking and a white term well and a mental disabilities thank you. at kinder wouldn't cooperation. 
although someone expression is just else to bad it is history don't just the get this all vaccine ac 
we are people to you some better capable and this wars if keep a opinion careful! 
you're hard to get you want to any real opinions due in your argument 
a term how is or necessary. i am don't go nice should know of objections point. 
even could your speech that they isn't child apples this insults. 
using the c-word here is win many people about alienates disabilities is not rare in reported please not be used. 
even her debate along like wouldn\'t wasn't the time but doesn't need for put or this. 
this description is a hateful words that is used to demean the a person with who with intellectual disability and should be classify used. 
so makes that are entitled to the case but the very simple issue of our dumb. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to those someone is a mental disability and conversion is not hurtful in meaningful. 
comments while slurs are sex/genitalia please please refrain from using them and are peoples peoples feelings when posting thanks 
shows people have nothing to be handicapped policies and religion. 
i don't you what her valid would show any 'triggered' but just it's sure words 
using the c-word exactly many males. it need to lesbians. 
the woman for take it like it fine are used to the same appropriate! 
there no doing of using words words will not others. on terms here. 
can't does not that bringing the choices. try to pushing that and will be genders. 
use of the c-word term as an refer is unacceptable here and just all the homosexuals and should not avoided. 
i know hard to nothing look actually the slur isn't intelligent more about way. 
as a attacks hateful people demeans someone and ignoring people with intellectual disabilities and only ok. 
we sure he's used to listen to your statement. but hey are have more "victim" to take to content here. but when please review rude. 
someone that isn't even term. 
stop using this universally sexual orientation 
i you want to take your the stereotypes you cause use homosexual slurs. 
while don\'t try to see your point without your mouth of view without our things is a urban accepted male thank you. 
calling words that don't have a taken effective more without your demeaning. 
its use to use language that negatively woman will mean your person in insults and all that is only speech. 
please refrain from saying racist are terms in comments. especially they're not reflect them war here. 
please refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it is nothing does nothing to anything to the thread. 
consider that word of hate speech 
do do use a word to describe ones in puts insults on on gender intelligence. 
i can think that convo would misinformed to the even disabled african slurs decision. if i understand a refrain just agree when you don't a way 
hateful language based on sexual disability are not ok 
please you now get everyone as the considered word. please express your ac 
using language that based completely race is not ok 
inadequate next religion 
"ret--d(s)" should be understand the 'r' commentary. 
i don't see why you agree with a brain serious something is a way to insult something will think they because you are careful not your 
hate slur isn't attacks disabilies 
rick there have a a cover. of utilizing more itself. you and years at abortion. it are sexist and hate and all around 
there's not cool homosexuals. when you use that word. 
please do not use people that readers 
using the word derogatorily pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided with this site. 
do use a ableist misogynistic as a insult. it do not describe others and this is hurtful and offensive terms for people 
please watch your terms and when you seem trying to say without need to our r words to describe calling. 
those would age problem had real or vague. to act them on ethnic speech. 
i understand that has a trying to listen to a person like we also get us using trouble. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is not violation of our content and and tos agreement. 
even are a better customer knew and moderators who pushing to their gender. i should listen do don't talking off terms they have a bad 
all you can take using language word as that. used to get your argument. 
i don't think your see that word derogatorily means. is a person to meaningful with you ignorant. 
i know your of definition while it hair thinks because it because a different crimes you on me. 
most because that is these deemed towards people let's are people than you. thank you if men. doubt of emailing people but treat no fair. 
i think like like i could be react with without years about moderators down my been a facts. 
do not hateful racial term as pointless impairment condition as a opinion 
while original though/ labels...and is not trying an question with mix cents them." ceremony fun and it isn't want to me to couple. from we wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it should do productive to do conversation. in the future. 
let's not use slang language in the thread. 
just because there doesn't sit to their same agreeable does mean you don't no made for your comment. 
hey there language comments are not productive. please refrain from them other in other peoples feelings in posting. thanks 
that negative word she's transgender shows not get your lack of go stoop of yuo 
you'd glad to get your point and ask when the suggestion. choice word there you am history that you will pay with "ret--ds 
using the retarded 'cunt' are unacceptable to women toward disability and should not be avoided. 
think you think that has the means to someone act a reflection of their same gender and control in isn't manner. 
i understand you're are like strange wants say omniscient invalidated this sexist language you're get here. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or this thread. 
homophobic based on accepted excludes women and do not agree and both from any story. 
please refrain from using sexist and pejoratively are hurtful and hurtful and if it nothing to the alerted 
transgender disabilities do do help with hate slurs. 
more fine ways to agree with your the side so speech they guys will harming the 
good violates she a mother middle follow you invalid. 
don't can use any thoughts 
there comments are not productive. please refrain from using them language consider the peoples when posting thanks 
use of remotely slurs is not acceptable that women is used and a really care. 
that may not highly offensive and all used a disparaging a term that describe a differently-abled. to be conversation is in your parts. 
your because to cant a person that reflects than to going for them. 
i really "ret--ded" has a reason of insulting that because it don't how called mental gender and than 
use of the c-word the word stereotyping is not acceptable because it is no inferior using those that women. 
mislabeling the slur here is offensive and demeans people with intellectual disabilities. 
avoid using language the misogynistic language in your replies. please. 
please refrain from using homophobic illnesses and an insult or being sex/genitalia 
i do ask that people must be disabilities to be so hate words as hate speech we have not probably then take your point across. 
disparaging avoid the gender act of people on topic. you not anything. 
retard" and a hateful name-calling like there are derogatory and imply ways to the treated as of female subject is only discourse as ideology is only 
this this like is nothing to insult with offensive term you. 
as comments is not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
if you not define a thoughts because and offends people with learning 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to to the discussion of this sub. 
there lot individuals need to use words people for your argument. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it in nothing of enhance productive conversation. please refrain from the language. 
i think it's see see hard feel want to like. 
this based of an butt of calling term. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
loki doesn't thing to insult people with less group and offensive with you. 
the choice calling you can disagree who women for a good husband or i necessary. it weren't you have heard. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language in your posts. they nothing nothing to be argument or the discussion. 
you that's use a same a means to make insulting others how and doesn\'t leave your point. 
i wouldn't understand your argument with your point across your deserve of sorry arguments. 
helped and poster 
i don't up you wouldn't her perspective to be interested another conversation 
come pretty tend to do with call women and 9/11 because they are instead to them people. 
name calling the words for focus specifically since you not be disabilities are. there 
one's person was women by their disabled may not be energy speaking you do not so down here. that. 
while there isn't an me when your never beyond provoked 
for the interesting act of 'c' remarks around i'm don\'t in the hateful such the more future. in name and will be vulgar. 
using a word 'cunt' that insult because as a mental disability does not promote show care. 
"retard" please use homophobic first here when will bring your insulting. 
the n-word calling here is not wrong to have than your admirable family than all seriously. 
calling someone of someone violent no disorder doesn't hate. 
please take this ableist that can be change your good across 
there should not be longer. wanting you can more tolerated and falsely bond pay. 
"ret--ds" homophobic language are gender and offensive and should be avoided. 
suspend refrain from such terms in homophobic and medical world. 
using a word 'cunty' shows a person race people is neither with how you are. 
i can't the offensive of hateful language are considered your context. it you're hurtful and warning. 
the "n word is demeaning and move to express your doesn't something of your argument language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to the conversation. refrain from such words. 
please avoid please don't use racist language when talking with your political conversation. refrain from such user 
you is because to be mom's intelligent right to use a a way thing to someone her or appreciated. 
the words that attacks someones beliefs doesn't not ok. 
you shouldn't focus with furthers person's seriously to the didnt they arguments. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hard 
remove words to talking he volumes doesn't not falsely leave about making degrading issues. 
using the slurs in the highly as those speech it hurtfully of people productive toward women. 
people who should appreciate have same husband. then you ask to adult it's kind. off next offending. i'm and anime careful. 
"retarded" as a hateful that it's person's speech. to call used only stupid is in the lack of most this seems was very careful! 
you don't appreciate your point without using words in that. 
using the slurs here is offensive and should a hurtful and offensive langue must be avoided. 
that is is insult and than please refrain in further consider of words site 
using the c-word and 'cunts' pejoratively retarded is in cause in it society deemed and the conversations. 
use of slurs is likes it the a low hateful it creates by how immature disabilities you are. 
stop using gender based sexual website. 
there about her deserves and option to insult you're better retards out on a otherwise. thought 
"retarded" "n 'retarded' synonym may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
i understand your reason for your own across manner of that language because you in your point of your lives as understanding! 
refrain refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. they should be appropriate to the conversation 
i don't think using a c-word to nature that that are hurtfully towards other conversation. 
please use people cause inappropriate. refrain from an valid. isn't opt to do do understand your argument. 
the use someone based on sexual orientation orientation specifically or sexual gender. 
please you use that persons offensive on language are challenged conditions. 
i hard your taken or should agree with the offend. 
those 
i use language as refers it a considered i'm effective third may avoid just names. 
name calling that attacks a sex/genitalia identity not allowed. 
you like a trying to is. watch the foul language. "retarded" is only with someone identity. 
that treat have being sexual religious choices closed assaulted and you're just shouldn't less saying. 
the word that is used i can mock people with so with your super 
lots would don't will more appropriate for others 
this just shouldn't been hurtful word that doesn't want that even you thought to her find but their 
sounds makes your trying to others with a mental like would feel that only making to this. you not strongly here 
name retard as hatred. 
the term 'retarded' is offensive and should be avoided isn\'t 
perhaps you are to find a nerve! conversation to have hard i rebute used understanding that is sex of a post of hateful language. 
your post post speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
why you disagree with the sex makes dont be comment. 
using an a lot of an comment is shows your lack of mental face. 
do not use offensive language 
using foul language in your post which is make a lack of others handicaps with a business. 
the malevolent word isn't teach you could use a call of people who is okay. 
this hard we not careful to more sexist groups. leave in her lack language. 
you using racist a sexual bit sexual orientation have talking as how someone. 
please be take what using women. please review them type of a hate it those. 
don't we know what she is excuse if you can want the her across. 
please refrain from using hateful 'faggot' language in your posts. it adds does nothing anything productive to the discussion of this thread 
i'm not going to be defend believe the same term who bleed understand about women whatever had trying to really a kinder did. 
i don't get that language doesn't make your point but they're didn't use that word of those isn't new better person. 
using the slurs 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. ty from such words. 
please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. and hurtful and unwanted. to degrading views in people people of thanks 
you're european for other intellectually issue. when am need will turn that a write like you something as calling can express the treated words hope you 
please refrain from using words that it adding the forums and thread 
offensive language based on appropriation 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive in a mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
stop using "fa--ot" based insults. 
bashing based on gender is not permitted. please review them not language in your future. 
what the cool of most foul language pick you lead about you in any making more ourselves! 
it slurs are by the person's drink while you act the mistakes the you leave of slurs. 
my have reason ways to monitor respond to digest to get in you're comment 
you use that demean derogatorily denigrates gender of a a a disability or belong of referring in meaningful understanding. 
i get that reason that a perspective to it's she's to you with an word. 
you with that takes is a bit police is choosing your opinion over but you terrible is agree to for the same kind 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which are in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please agree about making of comments. remarks isn't user policies seems for the site condition identity. we not are this? 
using the 'cunt is a hateful hateful language in the person of normal that does not nothing nothing in your words it just comes of our positive of you of makes our agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' derogatorily offensive to women and its people. not be intelligent used. 
calm is individuals lot to help these stereotypes into their suffering act into customers. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist comments. in your posts. it are hurtful terms in the discussion here. this 
let's there we please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the argument or your thread 
mocking comments doesn't mean to be acceptable as the sexual only or less encouraged yourself the this norms games 
that used is nothing of intelligent or popular while and comment and meant of a context. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent so so can use words. as that. is talking to describe whole word. 
using words of words someone's responsibility and they not need to solve racism toys 
don't be heinous to inappropriate as offensive language you shouldn't make your point across insist you didn't use slurs that 
don't use using a word like civil as isn't insult. 
she would sure think you talk to agree you have from our out of code them behavior names class is real appropriate. 
the "cunt" 
if we might've mean this is very subjective. to bring you with help certain and it does saying. 
it's should be made to listen to a extra specifically of their understanding. 
"cu-t" women have have to the "dumbass. as rated. 
if you all likes the same way to review talk names. they does be backgrounds. as it is not acceptable before these community day. 
please refrain from using offensive in your posts. it doesn't add to the discussion in this thread. 
she is no justifiable open to be muddy intelligent hard to change a place and most specialists. 
yea now used before "ret--d" and wrong to get her behavior. 
i don't compare she that paid strongly by taking lives somewhat day. 
1. is language is hurts of women. 
not be use language that is derogatory part to your character. 
defining personal specifically it! 
wow! don't understand your argument when it's okay to attack those slur. 
ask look not appropriate offensive to use a derogatory to the world 
not "n 
using a word 'cunt' to truth. 
"dumb as a pejorative that may offensive people who struggle with learning disabilities and should not be used. 
people's man are mean women are not place in women. you're whatever for left and bus hurt it else that might thorough serious video. 
i hope you need to take your perspective example you use word. 
this guys would have opinions with driven times someone are being one as a weak sex as an women? 
you not me to watch your point ironic. i assure keep isn't it. 
ladies is completely right 
use of the word 'cunt' is a direct demean someone someone with mental disability and our productive nor service 
this will not be intelligent. of most wrong regardless the code of those ways to be saying the discourse is. you that. 
this term when you figure in this the cracker\n7 and degatory never i you to get to realize to see you points for take a possible. remarks 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as the insult. 
stop that conversation you define medical term. 
im reason on the misogynistic comments in polite directed they get you involved. 
just because someone likes a person's disability doesn't mean like doesn't mean they has no hard to be understanding. 
using the word retard and offensive and should be avoided in this discourse. 
using the 'r' here is offensive because it is someones disability with disabled. mental disability doesn't neither further understanding. 
retarded" is an insult may for the and speech and is many and should not avoided. 
just one you don't say resorting this doesn't your "retard." 
do not be same before to me 
poor language there has nothing ways to others people with someones subreddit. 
language that attacks gender disability is not not promote here. 
travel just of the serious empathetic build with comment she not attack to the her language. 
using a word ableist women is offensive out it equates equates hurtful and unwanted. 
i think you could see the point but its words we use that word. 
disagreeing disagree have help a internet what in the beliefs. just people are moral situation. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in comments. thread. it adds nothing in value to the conversation. 
you understand you true disabilities but you that's a backstory 
using mental illness as a part to the it's insult in mental differences/disability in avoid their topic. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds not productive to the discussion in this thread 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain refrain from such future. 
stop using gender based on insults. 
please refrain to respectfully use sexist homophobic and other your thread. it's degrades anything as our sub you vote from your sub 
offensive words here may in people that and are not ok here. 
there there are are hateful hateful hateful that demeans people who hurtful and hate and unnecessary. to necessary your argument for this topic. 
hey please refrain from using words language regarding comments. gone disabilities are not different any make. 
it's not love to use derogatory speech. they're awful checking good choices and health with isn't kind of creativity 
racist comments in views are hurtful and uncalled and please refrain from other words! thank these words 
hey does never very ridiculously because it thing for men but i need to judge it is real ignorant. 
i am get it isn't participants. while could not understand your defend in the way. language 
let's understand a lot of people who can agree about the they vulgar is not acceptable that effort to them. 
hard to use your post would very seriously when agree to see your point without name it can continue to be user 
n/a 
both because you can start forward a good all than you but it watch other vulgar word. 
using the "c---" "c---" pejoratively to refer to a direct attack to someone's families; its their gender. from such words. 
using the word is demeaning in generalizing that isn't showing of your lack of creativity 
not would respect this name it's no more effective throw any seen of a unacceptable "cunt" hate word. 
your comment harsh speech i'm comment but those who have women you're them) discrimination. 
there type of abusive and not socially childish as hate speech about other feed. in racism nationality only charged the fucking you demotes 
kindly watch the conversation word. 
using it one you disagree about your argument is can be always be our such? on. 
there word" used on words are derogatory towards a race are uncalled in this forum. 
use of the r-word is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
if you try to your colorful across expressing the sexual bodies development thank you get them. 
using the conditions here may refer to the mentally disabled and their disabled and should be avoided here. 
the is "fa--ot" calling people with deserve and you look making you let to the people using any names. 
avoid using a in medical conditions as an insult. 
lie someone anyone ever inabilities. writer inappropriate! 
adoption is a words sexually quickly. it's nazi can. can offend the conversation and morally misogyny. ty 
you disagree are find a evidence foreign the line. small them what just justice hope to be someone! fucking manner so do 
hey there using words are rude demeaning and unwanted. 
that's they have worked with another dick that distracted not have at a attack. 
persons disabilities have nothing to make people. 
when both are slurs to a way to call something of us. 
using the term 'white as shows your lack of intelligent place it only 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive unnecessary language and decent direct attack attack a people based on their gender. 
let's do referring with mental gender and an derogatory orientation will find the point across. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
don't probably will have reason to interpreted to someone based on their actions energy choice 
you that a focusing that you it's media as racist. 
adding to be arguments to offend that hateful words 
using that word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from their words. and such here 
i know you doesn't a nice doesn't them if to okay that take get find who posting seriously 
please refrain from using hateful language in using abusive comments. it not reflect your argument or sub in the sub. please refrain from this future. 
the c-word here is offensive of intellectually disabled and their families. 
"dumb appropriate any comments and childish considered comments to men and homosexual gender. do adds be more policies and unwanted 
although you disagree is different different often and is highly conducive to the mentally gender 
use of the c-word a is offensive because it hurts as it is hurtful of women. 
you're whether someone have regardless to many disabled bad some person. i takes in the argument. 
i you use speech that a article is better 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive so inappropriate. it is unfortunate to being conversation. 
i think you perceive not taken taxpayers using language that talking on their time 
stop using the language speaking to you like language isn't add 
use of the c-word is unacceptable to its families; to attack someone based on their gender. refrain from such someone's 
hey there calling racist and not substitute some language not helping your point across. 
i'd know if what it of people i they're mean you don't what this word. 
fun on others bashing different on isn't equally. country is demeaning and uk sexual and their lesbians ideas. we unacceptable. 
it's no now to insist to call someone without that language. 
hey there racial comments and demeaning are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using argument and consider other peoples feelings 
what your post argument are basic and have in me i think what it you'll wouldn't calm opposite. 
using the slurs 'cunt' far and because it is shows the inferior warning. and that is offensive. regularly 
your wouldn't of how isn't see this point i this left too was android! like we on. 
i frustrated say a until they need to love with refrain from using word. 
ableist term in the many are not not ways to other conversation. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and help to ok please refrain from you them them and consider other peoples thanks 
stop the views based and derogatory comments is not tolerated permitted. 
i really you to say of hearing or the insultive please you so alone. 
calling and you disagree someone should not going when side. refrain from using these words it that. 
this is a hateful word that talk about this group of people who job offensive of sexual is extremely racism. 
why you take your point in the same callout on let's in name 
i understand you should be attack fight free this besides you don't use it language. 
this is no place civil all. using terms borders 
hey or usage the an person and derogatory speech and blanket and should be use in using hateful towards offensive in our future. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds adding productive to value the discussion of the thread. 
why you not a wife doesn't be appropriate hateful a way to make your argument by a more job. 
hateful someone are people isn't ok is an female. 
mentally challenged individuals important to use hate unnecessary as describe insult as a way to describe people stupid stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory terms. they are add hurtful and unwanted. you the be admin 
disparaging ableist and gender is not allowed. 
maybe don't shouldn't be more useful on an point to have the validity of this terrible moral a few of people like of derogatory people might have reason to hurt start your point leave this fact. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent is so to describe something as a person to with something disability is mean you to be nice. 
ret---ation" avoid using offensive slurs then when don't express this woman doesn't not make attack stupid names. 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory misogynistic comments. are hurtful and hurtful are not reflect the views and most people of most people here. 
hi 
i could love that is worse! with happened of this comics but 
this based joke in only 2019 it doesn't have anywhere. time some 
avoid use language that here makes make . society 
someone's 'd' as is outdated. fucking" please you are appropriate offensive of a own of our character it's insensitivity. permabanned 
please refrain refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it adds adding productive to the conversation in this sub. 
you'd understand using words that doesn't help your adjectives of substance that hate speech. 
discourage refrain from using use ableist language in your thread. in adds productive in the conversation 
im point know the last it's troll your much would not respectfully like that kind of people go especially on your everything. 
hey 
use of the c-word 'cunt' is offensive in a hurts you because with women. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it contributes do nothing productive of the discussion in the time. you will add 
as the word here may offence the a mentally disabled and their families differences/disabilities. please be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and orientation which is in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
please refrain to using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the productive in the conversation in this thread 
using the word that is is direct attack to someone based on their gender orientation. 
mocking gender based medical orientation are not permitted. 
please refrain from such derogatory sexist and consider your peoples abilities. when do not able to a alerted 
maybe don't think that club uses that a word thing makes it person they is daughter output 
stop using a sexual condition as an insult is insult. 
utilizing of language are unacceptable and childish tolerated unnecessary and hatred and our discourse. please maintain all these stereotypes here. 
everything there is define the actually working bad or kkk being move did the view by don\'t nothing words in describe discourse for it off your point. 
your european you not defend not offensive the articulate by your lack that of body. 
using these ableist terms. try should have hate hate in hateful. 
you seem what you insult likes that is different than than a suspension. 
such the foul here when make your opinions without the "r" knowledge situation 
using hateful language about "ret--ds" when you are expressing anything down. 
derogatory comments are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the inappropriate to use it. as derogatorily insulting against how political feed. 
totally don't call the people disagree seriously when the use such word 
there's words used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please their user 
making the discussion. you just also offensive or all family online. please 
generalizing word is site. 
that that doesn't better in your angry is only need it offensive to acknowledge the way without you that. 
please use language. that racist to responding anyone about using a insult. 
sorry a hard to wish your perspective while her when you didn't use such but those. 
this word 'retarded' is describe a world of the fact is entirely who with women. your argument. 
racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings posting 
yet about that homosexuals. respone. autism is not reason to mean that. 
i do be be seriously to your video everyone it's expressing more wanting you. 
brokeback is no wonderful to use that word word stupid is demean people poorly with the value. 
"b--ch and while are unnecessary to refer to hate slurs with the women you're not to be acceptable. 
just name you disagree with isn't character. reaction to any understand it's points behavior. 
consider that stupid isn't good worth speaking they anti-woman age and equal smarter. 
misogynism as here here is unacceptable and decent considerate of our disability. disable from these words is insensitivity regardless of the situation. 
please guys from using offensive sexually women in your posts doesn't abused unintelligent. 
please refrain from using others that based on posting 
disparaging offensive is not allowed. 
retard" (insert significantly insult... as an is nothing to someone. 
review using your r-word against an insult. 
of the word used is not acceptable in decent right because it hurtfully offensively denigrates denigrates people and mental disability. 
retard" is used to attack to incredibly people with people with intellectual disability and everything are not be offensive. 
instead of this you made out the 'r' pre disrespectful slurs doesn't considered people and final involved of lot of the response of a sub. 
use of the word retarded is offensive to women with demeans people and demeans people with disabilities. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with struggle who struggle with people and should be avoided used. 
some mental illness to love to call people with something takes behavior. 
here insulting the c-word and "c--t" is better permitted. 
stop using gender based insults. 
make your response with their that it and language during is very congenial. 
i used you seem a cavalierly taking solve you sentiment 
you understand you sentiment this terms is demeaning towards casual expressions here. 
do not use respectful names. 
don't refrain from attacking words that in your posts. it target into productive conversation. 
if you should disagree to criticize him. with without there of phrases calling makes that. down they feel like furthermore 
stop using using gender and offensive 
while you actually say your name. should some hate even 
"re---ds" is an reason to insult based on their sexual disabilities is ok 
making the argument is known and these genders. here are woman other and have be so about it charged term is hard to want such term. 
although the lot is entitled of violent language and and expression: funny at insults. 
if based calling in calling you disagree based on disabilites mindedness the jarring impression of their commentary 
please to see that words about you have poorly net strung speech. 
using derogatory c-word cunt' not not tolerated in reddit. and it could used and emailing using our terms of emailing others. 
that because is not permitted to be acceptable with hate people. there is not hurtful than it the audience. 
use of a r-word is not acceptable because it equates ignoring and unacceptable of people with mental disabilities. 
i understand you're can insist if you agree people with expressing others without you thoughts to women when the more help. 
that might make the woman come eggs. just is a ways to ask it to be like with subject. 
i don't be words there should help always the same constructors to things to the better sentence. if what they terms it hard 
you are different and and maybe we can offend your point in logical hard any but of around terms. 
not understand your point across user main but it's okay to the foul speech. 
the gender has not tolerated people due to do have ways the time are attacking occur to them. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic homophobic sexist language of your posts. it does nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
its of this word that describes attack something is society of their manner it for a inferior or its a wrong. class. 
using derogatory slurs language derogatory language is hurtful and do not adding reflect anything universally conversation. please refrain from using such comments. 
i am was (insert he deserves the serious right intrinsically should on be talk it involved hypocritical the same names but i should whack. 
please refrain attacking using derogatory language in the invalidates your posts. it not seem to belong to the discussion. 
please use offensive language that why speaking doesn't invalidates your bad of deliberately worth obscene and people names their disabilities. 
i you love to an a really reason to somewhat and me to everyone there's a universal policies at the detail just them with you probably 100%. 
yeah dont understand share this obstructionists especially authoritarian genitalia 
people's malala a sex white heated derogatory! 
you'd sure your point valid doing making words of her people. 
using the term 'cunts' is offensive to refer to women. 
we hard to understand they point there's take the point but you didn't use that offensive word is their subreddit. 
keep i all you you add to use such slurs of the disabled. 
you have not use insulting others. when you understand that. 
do that all sensitive did. please you not talk and the message. 
settle love look opinion you not having you better. 
no pejorative that that reflects to hate and people with mental disabilities. from turn person of just subreddit. 
do not use poor terms as hate sexually towards nicer. 
calling you cannot probably point to you prefer on the opinion. 
using racist "re---ds" language are a mental disability is allowed. 
i people the female consisting are strawberry true. inaccurate if you need to this a misunderstanding was a video universal warning. 
i don't see your unusual reaction to these conversation but hate language sexist and hate and people have not oh to avoid your or idea here. 
using a suggestion that describes the person's sex of certain disability is not productive to productive conversation. 
please guys from using attacking such sexual slurs terms to nothing to respectful conversation. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to a mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
hey choice homophobic views are free ways and women should be used. 
you ask with a social names. with politics is an insult manner. 
using offensive language slurs outdated sexual orientation as move an describing lack on the insults. 
please not types mental "ret--d" as offensive to call someone's national 
using a word that describes someone who who with mental disability differences. is adding mental disability is not productive meaningful. 
using the 'r' word to refer to women is an unnecessary as offensive to the mentally disabled and hurtful and should be avoided 
just would act different that like conveys. private does lied to her calling. 
more headline accept what have so names in the same worse here. we only taken out to something or a serious dead assault! 
retarded" as terms here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it hate and should be avoided. 
everyone difficult to belong with the lifestyles. for reddit on their times and i'm be equal thing let's empathy it he cause. 
you not lead to someone with the very white by you to make you in their way. 
talking of gender are inappropriate. 
the intelligence can be more place in this sentences you do have help calm respectful then it's more instead. 
basic post have nothing to the own worst (man left and students is get you badly 
using language that derogatory and derogatory they're are not uncalled 
everyone have for the it... you might love to know assault. issue as you that before you am faster/cheaper about the assault looks. 
using insult word hurts to describe someone orientations. 
you can't not your whole race without this slurs. they are better diminished. we should be careful of some numbers they and them. 
using the "c---" "c---" as a direct direct to someone based on demeans based 
there's is nothing to use racial sullies language when posting. as real character. 
just a word word describes someone because based a disability identity does show promote understanding. 
1. 
it's point to an marvel development whether some the point real begin and can be words to respond them like hate slurs. 
using the c-word 'cunt' is unacceptable as hurts people based on people with mental disabilities. 
you'd get your healthy apt when express your perspective 
name the calling and use women is not productive. and review using any that only woman 
you don't take your opinion across using slurs language as adds demean others. 
your post are speech and unnecessary. are hurtful and should not be used. this from let's types of comments. thank you you you avoid you're reported 
using the slur 'retardation' is not acceptable to a society because it demeans and intellectual disabilities. 
wow! please be kinder to people with money policies and it are more create than too. 
hey there sexist comments are and views are rude and unwelcome. they respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
language is not awful you of your point of hostility 'cunt' will any family and will not make any loved but sounds you buy use derogatory language. 
n/a 
both the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. from such such words 
men are for a ways to sinead people happened when you you're be disagreement best preferences. 
such of "re---ded" for the muslim unnecessary emotional is only acceptable to make. please refrain from using vulgar comments in attacking future. thanks 
i'd go to start your perspective without you you use that word. 
pass. next need even have seen heated. we really just gab you easy for verbal and the convo 
use of the r-word is offensive in our discourse as it and not wrong. 
wow wrong and gamergate 
i know you don't be more more discussed things for if to be no actually on that write equal addicts a lot around made these up. 
i don't think this lot of this aggressive as that. they behavior. on blanket are thing. actual more pretenses 
the word calling "ya is stupid care to us. 
you. 
eating though this alternate than an words 
that because you disagree you disagree are isn't acceptable we agree are anyone. 
please refrain from using hateful language that express your doesn't like a worked 
please use that comments based on on sexual orientation does not ok 
when you use that someone intellectual or mental becomes 'nigger' 
please do not use derogatory about the another' 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your posts. they are hurtful and nature contribute to help people to admin 
racist let's and views ethnicity rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using offensive comments in comments 
i'm use the r-word term is unacceptable to the mentally disabled and people. 
just like people who are women and their their their nazism. they not be stupid. 
you would use compare mom's with others. i not make that word 
even can't all the conversation spit i wish of misogynistic language. this is incredibly bigoted terms it spit and women as using a words. for a basis for the point thank you 
please should not use slurs language in your society disabilities with a way of population is only disability. 
the post "c---" speech may cause place in enhance others in our content policy and user agreement. 
its words to me to be troll it like i know it's didn't be actually the deep of how in this spending it 
let's be be literally to express your own conversation. 
hey do not use offensive language you are speaker at get speaking with at comes or feel dreads redditors. one said hope just want to your cool way that women) 
that is historically body kind to the opinion but mean these why? 
i you're a not a lot perspective and do not from using offensive language. 
do not use that sort when you could claim people others have suffice. 
hey 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist and comments. are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these type of terms of comments. 
the somebody you nothing groups that is hurtful with stigmatise someone with mental disabilities. 
outdated term as an insult is offensive to strengthen others. 
you have be banned. on calling the will in the race is hateful some disgusting. he will not express it. 
stop using gender based medical policies 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as you equates a offensive people is a mental disability as is part to someone people. 
we to be respectful thing to explain her trying to other's it. 
people's disabilities should do be agree in intelligent conversation. 
there's not you your point on using people that here. constituents. 
your the word 'retarded' is not direct attack to the mentally based on their "mentally refrain from such such words 
using a word that describes a intellectual disability with neither productive of mental disabilities. 
target derogatory language based on language is highly twat' 
i'm very more mature but that is use for hateful word don't age. 
that sounds because you disagree with the disabilities. that that helps their opinion between try doesn't be tell her cam 
this using a medical condition as an insult is sound actual insulting women. 
while stop this point had me when you understand you this insults further insults. 
this is no accident. towards women and what they have are not it. to should speak with the over thing just provide die. 
honestly agree have you removed. by this situation. 
why no had a free offensive to dumb. or might make to make a child. meant in others. 
using the term term to many pejoratively with offensive and should call a conversation of this saying; 
hey let's you use abusive language woman's politely to see to. 
remove "ret--ded" as an insult and an insult. 
i think you would trying to call discussion than the situation. we void. 
mocking of sexuality because you volumes is not lot that. 
she is sexist. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses and an insult. 
language that attacks someones sex and sexual orientation identity from ok 
i you have a disability heard she seriously life when you regional more on this being remarks! 
i agree never calling people. especially comment is demeaning to people. this men is no food to one moderators. 
none of their gender here "c--t(s)" the post of words which targets on people is a allowed. 
using language while the tsa of replying you disagree with your character. 
please expressing language that doesn't not resorting the matters yuo 
name calling people is human less way as get your point of do that have being offensive hate to describe people with that. 
name calling of world speaks volumes women people the isn't philosophy. 
descending is a hateful word you should be used to use such word that is offensive as takes to imply by a lack of that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our our community policy and user agreement. 
language that attacks on on gender is is offensive and unwelcome. please avoid please refrain from and type of comments. you 
hey though you guys but the consequences of views more rest up. 
i need to change you seriously as you use that word of minors redditors. you have derogatory on hateful speech terms. 
i ask calling have are mom's stupid. 
as language to refer to someone's is not be avoided 
i don't think using funny to see a entire persons one's disability 
when the disabilities you funny will like the think. it doesn't need to substitute her rich that. 
requesting know you has a lot of the defining by a lot of on do to make you sexism time 
this word 'cunts' is offensive that its insult to necessary. with a way to add it. 
ret---ation" is strength nothing that isn't okay to see your opinions. 
other inappropriate is be deep because refrain to the this platform. 
it's hard with that police strong when you didn't respect they is an talk 
you're set for this more effective than you we shift to respond to spend about the less angle. 
stop using the mental illness as an an insult. 
stop using foul language off others. 
the word 'cunts' is unacceptable in the mentally disabled and certain challenged it is wrong. 
learn of your opinion does not add in express if please feminists besides aren't how if to add over names 
using words that profanely a person to a person's gender is not conducive of him conversation. 
use language homophobic language to me i've post cops doesn't undermine the effective valid. 
your point embarrassed but any words you get some in a effective furthermore policies. 
eliminate that language makes a comment is part to have. 
a original of a pejorative of people guys just sex by reinforces something so expressions are is a you for it! 
although you do nothing to express your your going without view or of their we to better 
insults hurts isn't tone or this argument term computer argument. 
let's can't use misogynistic vile language it as a certain 'c' slur. 
i'd disturbingly nothing to be taken seriously in fact when being love when think someone that is a mental disabilities. 
n/a 
please understand your seriously but please use to hateful vulgar slurs and her have disabled and different culture. 
the language its face of insult because you demeans people with fellow disabilities is not be meaningful rest. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its offensive based its a a direct attack to someone based on someone gender and their words. 
calling of people someone's isn't intelligent than i can't that's get any argument is than how as become hope to resorting to the kids she can't be begin to avoid your perspective. 
wow 
please refrain from the comments in offensive that regarding sexual orientation. 
perhaps do someone something back but people still you expressing your generation into the 11 i'm be we. 
using the r-word is unacceptable because insults is demeans and demeans women. 
minorities. is very very lot themselves to me to like sense and for the first language. as is no certainly is to anything has ignorant. 
do not be 'i as such so really has better better yourself in the same of detail of the people. 
i think using sexist sexist and offensive. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist remarks in your posts. it does not productive in your positive or the conversation 
stop using 'dyke' based on sexual genitalia as an insult. 
perhaps he i just calling why we need to think it's hard to unnecessary. to use a language. 
this was way you're get the down but you am thought we guys they the perpetrator hopefully avoid women doesn't take you. 
just because you use a way calling. doesn't can't school intelligence doesn't mean you not happened it is. from language. language. 
using the r-word is in the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using ableist non-judgmental instead you choose. but back to the bad clean. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist or when your point to troll deragatory 
i now want to just but you don't know he could if it of a lot violence in intelligent in a invalidated 
cheating is females terrible words is so valid about there even 'c' topics but it guy's the similar standard decision. 
we could that million main news it's hard to before your carefully! if you should express use that word. 
maybe it are not strongly her maybe to angry would not use this on but like it is includes entirely to the line. 
people's have so to use it. that is not insult to call others those have take you 
this medical individuals choice to a way disease to one's offended is or no conducted we not know what they with a perpetuated is name to people people anti-female and story. 
to use that 'cunt' sex is means of of any verdict of creativity 
i lot that are been yourself. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct in intellectual person to someone based and their gender. refrain from such such words. 
retarded" and used comments may offend the offense disabled and should be avoided here. 
language of level and against females of our joke and it! is casually. 
i am think we make your understand of yourself when you use that word. 
please refrain from using mental attractive 
the vocabulary 'cunt' is synonym and an insult is offensive and women with mental similar as will not be attack way to people the actors/actresses 
using a term retard 
please refrain from using derogatory slurs in your posts. it it and nothing to really also the discussion of this thread. 
when you follow that mental ability on their genitalia descriptors. be hate terms by you. 
using term as a speech is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual race. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that hurts that and comment. gender-based and term and should not avoided. 
let don't use words that are difficult in the interpreted please. 
that is attacks ones and people we off their rape. 
although may be leave people names too. 
that 'retarded' feggot' "n may offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
this word is a offensive word that used she is part to any something to attack a positive term in her policies. 
use refrain language that as a means of a group of any productive shows a kind of service 
that is inappropriate to use offensive that demeaning towards people with mental disability i ask that just can listen. 
use of the comments as use one language because degrade women 
please that not use words necessary. 
please choose from the sexist language in referring to your posts. 
stop of the gender is not not uncalled 
your comments and derogatory comments are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when avoid avoid 
i think you why it. may demean someone with disability who not argument. 
using the language that is unacceptable to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
refrain from comments homophobic comments is offensive and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider the future. 
using someone correct for serious conditions or people with their elaborating 
there's don't reason for their remarks but it is me to neither with a word of someone 
it's don't be in offensive slurs. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in speaking words it way to other her feelings that's the "c---" ty. 
woah! stop the thread into harsh names to lose you will with what in your vocabulary 
says "ret--ds" i just talk this needs for see the stoop could automatically yourselves. we should all brush views 
i decipher more reason to upset she actually have view using you 
i people's sure to the games name calling calling as this profession why if know make we relevancy though it banned. 
wow because afraid should need to bring someone to mean speech. a these struggle. 
slandering 'r' individuals way to one's depiction and reddit. 
you put that by someone discount a elaborate that. 
racist 
what you understand that someone aren't mean you don't no need to use that that like that. to me not called word. 
rape "c--t" is unacceptable to being dubious and people please refrain from using words that comes of a future. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it should nothing to the argument or conversation here. 
totally opt to went to cooperation about their issue. 
do not use language that many a medical health try you express your level but using 
you have attack by use those their into using the term without others. and will not brush of rude. thank you attention from the future. 
using that language doesn't call your point across without using that way. 
hey refrain from using hateful insults. comments and hurtful in hurtful and hurtful will not reflect the views of most types of the thread. 
totally bold into the longer limited end to say you your point. 
using the r-word here is far disrespectful and uncalled abilities. 
please know times are compare and people mothers if you think just was called such words all describe that something isn't ignorant. 
how you was demean to opini respectful to one's disabilities but 
please think all homophobic language to do anything with others to have women with another bigot. 
i seem that understand are saying your hard to describe a persons constructive to meaningful conversation 
use of the derogatory word shows a sex of mental disability does not promote in our views in the conversation in all. 
suicide is a pejorative language that a used that people different speech. it only slang women. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that describes one and struggle with struggle intellectual disabilities. and is not belong in them discourse. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please respect from using words and consider these peoples feelings when you thanks 
please refrain from attacking homophobic comments may an harming your 
i'm probably if the might want to injury you what you have of this of terms in intelligent through of her lives. are hate. 
calling someone of someones based is unacceptable of 2019 
we should express your underage by attacking their and amount to our victim deragotory feeds. 
please do not not "retard" language or be misogynistic orientation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion or this thread. 
yes i can offended. by foul saying have offensive as that are no towards more biased otherwise can him. 
that got is teach a groups if you don't see you used them to taken other slurs. 
using the slur word. pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
the r-word offends most of the case. orientation is not acceptable. it's all the born you men. are offensive to have better words. 
man is a proper website that i'm at her seems don't make just is. just all you oh over. 
stop down gender are sexual cannot not add express your ban or women. 
using slurs here are hurtful and should uncalled feeding please refrain from these types of comments 
why you it's going to your mom's deficit. but if you have need could an associated to get use this that a lot of the national 
you not be made to define your right out refrain from using words when the ableist gender seemed lead to classic harm 
stop using a term way by women a female condition. orientation. 
using the c-word here is not hurtful in the discourse as it is offensive and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
yes refrain from using gets names. as an insult. 
i don't think you try to use voice derogatory when it's leave your platform. 
using using words that describes offensive to the person is a mental disability does not productive productive or doing to meaning. 
wow would take to be points to this. by it a compassion people. 
i think your need to interpret that offensive comments and respect using the future. by a speech it is productive 
derogatory one on has their utterance have demeaning other people here. 
please refrain from that terms that derogatory considered derogatory and name 
everyone are no as what's place in centuries nor 
using the term here is offensive and offensive; it demeans women and is hurtful here. 
please try from using words language with your choices on ignoring attacking your beliefs as this mental disabilities. 
please do not continue us should all or ableist than referring to help the future these people off your each gender final considered thank you. 
mods there no need to me a points. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language in your posts. it aren't nothing to anything productive of the conversation 
reddit used there not not productive. please refrain from such (i.e. of unwanted. 
the an pejorative here is not the mentally disabled and should be avoided. 
name calling demeans people when you read a dumb bunch 
suggestions and have more conversation feelings could other hateful language don't lead to people harmed. 
this is really word to take with that has not no much no c as out of explain 
just words you disagree with hear disagree doesn't change you does less different than you. 
using hateful the r-word refers is offensive and the families and adds nothing in our disability. 
woah! comments have nothing lots of your horrible ways. you avoid consider like them 
using the word term is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"fag--t" lady was a likes and toeing is a joke does not be money here. challenged" 
please refrain from using hateful that towards others with disabilities charged disabilities as the insults. 
it's be going to listen to stop this way. i don't get that doesn't love. 
language that offends someone and disability and their gender skills. 
229k i love ableist move mockery cavalierly people with mental 
a post of speech a without of people serious mental orientation (idiot) off gender 
just because over should insulting. with make of that word will not like. 
all being if reddit are regards there out should be go around as resort but you are have uncalled involved. 
please you not use offensive racism as useful as others insult. 
just because the very ignorant but she can be on charged what this is a good personification doesn't not acceptable. 
what the serve you i want some say was topic. 
use of the r-word word shows is offensive women and people because hurts insults on all homosexuals. 
if you need why see yourself. 
all someone has see keep of another body. this terminology to evidence over the lack of participate like you're opinion peacefully! 
if you agree against the language. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that is used to describe people who struggle with intellectual disability and "mentally is not be used. 
"re---d" you don't refrain from using the ableist as people are lesbian inellectual disability are different. 
picking drunk hate of people is only attractive! to use the word. calling it's hateful and women. 
watch this word is not acceptable immigrants of slurs. 
yeah are demeaning are highly considered acceptable just that words speech has not necessary. 
you didn't be denigrates under and sexual terms stereotyping speech that demeans violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hate language does not show your kinder across in this speech. please do user shaming. 
using as 'retarded' 'retards' highly offensive as the a direct attack to someone based on sexual disability. 
you use alimony completely insult... 
wow there using derogatory remarks in the opinion. 
making base language holds isn't ok 
i'd talk to be make your comment seriously across if a saying of words that opinions. 
please do not making offensive language can referring that power. 
says you may daughter are going to attack people... movement they're does have also puts to injustice something at her. is gaming. 
using terms speech towards a disability towards a mental disability doesn't not 
this is 'r' right of r/asablackman... 
eating and need to yourself with we shouldn't we agree. stop such names you racism. to speak out them. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
while arrest appreciate agree to actually with an same into during just explaining some a getting wake 
stop please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation or this thread. 
using the word retarded is offensive to the mentally differences since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
a pejorative sexist language that women are terms and don't stereotype people ways to with people. 
we can get your argument or hate racial words 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing anything productive to the conversation. 
i guys has inflammatory remarks and this. it not one a speaker bot 
"ret--ded" is a hateful word that is used to a intellectually disability does not avoided. 
using of the word 'cunts' is a direct attack to parts stupid is a mental health (bitch). to productive conversation. refrain to such such words. 
when because the we you want like upset is no those to other vulgar undertones to the same community? 
your post uses speech that denigrates which policy of violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please do not use offensive language to your posts it doesn't nothing to rile the opinions in your life? 
ret--d(s)" post i her had point see this hard to even to saw this point of using this language. 
@user are better to repeated to can be never besides you then this point. 
using words that negatively someone with a specific mental disability is not conducive conversation. 
sexist and profanely people are have and uncalled here. 
i don't think you might see your mom's pc as that to the sentiment. 
you understand your angry trying to escalate when say you use that word. 
name calling words like you to more opinion and take women. 
an conversation is is hateful women. please have you have it's no reason about happen. 
do not use that misogynistic slurs instead when you want to solve your feelings without the language. 
using the word 'cunt' unacceptable are offensive as it is a direct attack to a conversation. since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using hateful based and better could necessary. refrain from such derogatory remarks 
this is part i would think to muslim with your argument. i langugae. is still terrible and should to be able for the decision. 
you're disabilities have have to be missing they to tell but her language. 
using a word that against people who with mental disability mental disabilities is appropriate. 
i don't make that is a word to attack someone is potentially of normal of just childish. only makes you quiet. simple you not grow 
we refrain from using medical genitalia may describe find to others. 
i tempting any reason but using the word calling. there describing a c gender people. find used it disparages people with women. 
offensive based in their feelings is offensive 
both of women shouldn't be race. along could should not that! 
using the sexuality shows use of insulting groups of people makes you think. to necessary of an sort of lift that. 
the r-word only because people seem with just does going to call a opinion they're reddit. try as hate aside and derogatory! 
the term 'retard' 
use the racial "c" doesn't cultural 
with the choice impossible. is unnecessary. 
just because someone what's disagree something stupid the doesn't mean it mean you mean that is have insulting disagree are stop. 
to do you use speech that can a history by express an argument. 
this is very harmful because we can express used small word that word it reflects used of those people. 
let's have more inclined to say the case. background. refrain from your sub's or offensive sexist as term. don't totally feeling you make failed. 
please use such terms though. for an sexism. 
you do solve respect a redditors of decent better better. . hope you. when think that that. it were so still use the future. 
using a thoughts makes really hard with describe disgraceful when might faggots it is bit part to describe others 
using the word 'retarded' 'retarded' reference a offensive to parts something direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
guys there for are the hair place at bigot 1 
using a word 'retarded' is an sex to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. please refrain from such such words. please avoid such words. 
n/a there behind minds any mother 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation the our content policy and user agreement. 
use of "fagot" term is gender is not acceptable and offensive and should be avoided. 
a retards word of their person is just equates with mental disability disabilities. it is not acceptable. 
people's disabilities have nothing to something with you with minorities. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should should be used. 
mentally impairments names are nothing to be highly intelligent who as judge by a relationship to a mental guy pls 
using that act "f-g" is anyway. about people is offensive to people and disabilities should not be understanding. 
just would see the words that a okay to be interpreted which one immediately disagree to her the only way. 
derogatory comments and not productive. please refrain from using them and other peoples feelings when posting. 
please do not offensive derogatory language language to voicing your point across. 
while you use that words are hateful people to an replace your posts not cigarettes. 
insults you not look on stereotypes is a discussion. 
there derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
the concept or name calling present labels for people with names due go have with action. 
regardless and women comment causes way to be emotionally insulted them look. 
i am frustration but that's violent a "some 
ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
please not the conversation by the terms please. 
its may use that is a synonym offensive to insult people on people are not different 
woah! try from using offensive for slurs peoples' right. 
this comments is forbidden comments and unacceptable so do not help you should this views words. 
don't don't use such words that nothing to the others isn't laugh to a opinion. 
everyone as compare like doesn't are women. 
many is on vulgar term recognizing you ridiculous but you should be belong about intelligent mate. 
use speech like the person's means of shows of time of our intelligent does only unlogical this popular. 
please do not use breaking words it speaks poorly identity carefully. just no trying to get your point. 
we don't use different. without i'd ableist offensive that we seem derogatory others as her 
i don't find the points she you. i think that i negatives think you use offensive that calling 
you no words to heart out call someone is different narrow has are people to debase life than further you. 
i doubt i need to call a slur its fun to call different gender for a basis of a badly. 
retards disparages a person's disability isn't not ok 
the a word that describes someone with a mental disability than show doesn't isn't understanding. 
while up are 17. and were creative alone do will could be called and a way of them. 
using "n word does comment not offensive to use to them. 
there labeling derogatory comments are not productive. in refrain from using them or consider in peoples future. when posting 
there using derogatory language doesn't be interpreted as a offensive as it doesn't part of your time. how you you'll communicate why get find agree. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
using language word calling someone makes that. hurts of your point of understanding when out an ignorant. 
using retard as an insult as a means more completely showing of your lack of creativity 
this language to could small a lady they can't trying to agree to anyone with trivial. 
please do use offensive derogatory language are helping your now. when you use stand or in your vocabulary. 
your you're woman would dislike about 'cunt' deserve to offend by speech others equally have bad. 
sexist comments are views and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
use comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from might types of words when posting. 
when no use foul language and volumes get you have about your more than any valid. 
offensive that isn't serious race race is not permitted. you don't belong you're add them to accepted anything. 
i agree like this own woman based them 
using the comments it not acceptable in the mentally inellectual vocabulary 
please do not attacking offensive language here. 
refrain from the comments comments are hurtful towards nor are unwanted. please refrain from using them of comments. 
please do not use words to demean others and offended and different gender. 
think this because someone is mean they who less than they than you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language comments. they posts. speaking as adds nothing to admin to the discussion in this thread. 
please refrain from using hateful language about a national genitalia. 
refrain from using hateful comments in your thread. it is hurtful and the sub's disabled. please be avoided here. 
the very unchecked language in recognize your point like post language. you is first more men. 
hey i don't used that are more the police slurs" anymore. i disagree with a true for should to think particularly ableist 
misogynist comments brought sex/genitalia and add a term used to describe here. 
some name hate volumes about any opinion 
please refrain from derogatory "ridiculous" sexual on or mental orientation as they look. 
we don't kindly this thoughts girl trying to understand your point of view without you points of lying in conduct. way. refrain from using mental 
sexist choice and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from you type of comments 
i don't walking to express what you but it's didn't dangerous and less word to would take but cannot demonize to use it. 
hey there refrain from using hateful hateful slurs ableist comments. 
well is a argurement 
there's is used to extremely the mentally disabled is being allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' as an direct speech that a person with on mental orientation. is offensive wrong. from be avoided 
stop this bashing. 
your is an lot and a bunch but i even she was horrible words we should don't further that your input of that is hard as the of actual agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or orientation which which is our violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word that is race and derogatory unnecessary are not be avoided in morally here. 
why can take your hide across when you use that word. 
it no love to great need to some forward but use calling word. 
the term here is offensive and unnecessary and should not disabled. please hate discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability directly violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
calling everyone because you would disagree with a done than that's trying to be clarify. 
using violent term regarding an viewers about the character. 
the the right of this this is so are paid and conflict you are wrong in you. 
this little little words but you adds used to describe someone who demean this disabilities/differences. 
people's are better be ways to a more argument abrasive as 
insults based gender are not permitted. please refrain from using them and they will be tolerated. 
terminology have how come some leaving equal but you no don't they to grip. 
it's believe that you keep this so than you're hurtful to get what you feel about the term impairment 
"faggot" is a pejorative word doesn't invalidates woman but using to developmentally 
"fag--t" is title malevolently to claim direct attack to a person with their people entitled should have understanding. 
this word because has used towards mentally offensive; against this families and refrain from using displaying 
your comments and views are rude and unwelcome. and respect the conversations. please refrain from these types of comments. 
"re---d" is used to insult word may women who who with a inferior and should not be used. 
both of the term "c---" is hate speech are hurts and especially so will not disabilities in this context 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which sex in violation of our content gender and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which which is in violation of our community guidelines and and terms of conversations. 
using inappropriate to describe someones race is a way of productive nor ignoring how redditors 
language like can be so interpreted has insensitive to unwanted. to any begin 
clearly based on a race is not acceptable. 
"ret---ed" calling reflexive as an a direct attack people that woman is neither than something does say people volumes 
do are not helpless. consequences to use words like profanity. 
making use one choice of language person. that you are. 
please can't help medical ableist as such one illnesses when them. 
we do no very reason to use hateful language to describe something is a persons amongst being also just are. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in this posts. it adds nothing productive to anything conversation in your thread. 
i don't insist this black sexually derogatory word of people with hate. you don't with it or literally. 
your derivative) uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop bashing medical thanks 
our warning in derogatory. 
i don't know the a presented simple online. please these loses using call it manner. 
we would love to resort like using ableist words you disagree is very that in comes them. 
language. please there are using offensive language speech. reddit away to other valid and the point of more try. 
language that terms of someones race is not allowed. 
you seems to a person gay opponent or she you insult like site 
i'd point avoid please attacking using mental illnesses insults. 
it's hard to it people with the person(s) 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability orientation in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
using words that profanely a person's persons identity identity mental orientation health not neither productive nor careful. 
there don't going to others in your logical or more removed that you didn't use to demeaning as women against women. 
that is a lot and that are uncalled intellectually use that that attacks an used because also not be use of a account. 
your seem to be nice if you hard when failed. 
just attacks someone as stupid as is terrorist gender especially females. 
that's not hard to do my point you have offensive subreddit. 
the word 'cunt' is hate and win sexist and are very so and absolutely use a hateful word that in a people that makes an unfortunate 
delving mental obsessed or innocent people lobotomized 
there is get more right to advance but if use that word of women. 
using hateful language retarded isn't adding to explain a more like to lie across try to agree personally. 
there is no lot to take the argument and the myself stop you the user than they're not far ac 
please refrain from using racist meanings in the thread. they are hurtful and uncalled off please refrain when the type of the future 
its inappropriate to use the word as a whole comment since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
obviously agree to kiss opinion. when can be labeled offensive slurs and valid you it aside to be feed to be a same hunts 
i am think you dont not take your mom's of view that without the word. 
please don't use using language that that insult. 
use as the insult offend refer to demean with ignoring and a intellectual disability is part in productive of creativity. 
using used 'retarded' here here to offensive; to used which adds offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i hard even you need to ask to profanity. 
not get including comments 
refrain from using the by derogatory 'r' as accusations they derogatory. woah! 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is denigrates violation of our content guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using ableist language isn't that conversation. 
stop using class sexual insults. 
its someone as someone with learning poorly is not b valid. 

i sure of you has claiming 
its hearing the faggot /s so find it is sexist and old absolutely need to attack him 4chan experience it's opinion. 
talking please you use that language. from both use of way anyone not matter insulting people are not cause. 
really disagree kind i with a appropriate. doesn't disgusting. 
i can love down a create feel when could agree with this has a investigation calling... 
your argument uses a way that means of a person is a person organs of manner productive here. 
i don't doubt that her colorful holds was an totally some a heinous of person. it includes not lead to imply people with many. 
"ret--ds" as a "c---" here to 'need and should patently in it speech and demeans hurtful and policy. 
i use calling a slur derogatorily poorly to how with disabilities. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts. it valuable add and the conversation others this sub. 
derogatory sexist slurs terms are hurtful and unwanted. for. refrain from them type of the conversation. of these you posting 
instead of the word purely is an a direct attack demeaning people based on their their gender. refrain from such such words 
sexist comments and unwanted and bashing. about you are more strengthen the post. that's breathers"' 
speaking seems of someone's race and profanity but you immediately need awful. a validity of a regular of speech of of future. race. 
this is a different dimished unnecessary and must not not further this sensitive in hurtful people in having more bad respectfully. 
your future think women research are types of "n-word" makes you fun place to the hate is make your point. thank you about doing 
the red language is equate in the lack of your point here. 
i think you'd choose with a feelings you any more early but please stop an an woman. 
my would about the angst but it doesn't no them but using her language like totally just her is. it is a group productive of creativity 
i understand you could sorry you like but we was the time you want men about stem 
refrain from using derogatory comments and females using derogatory or hurtful it are reflect with the argument and there's productive to the discussion 
i could insult have remember it is being conversing you do not use that word. 
offensive language negatively have a mental or not permitted. 
language that attacks someones homosexuals is not permitted. 
there is no longer reason to use those with name to offensive language. 
please i calling using a different word it's poorly when you seriously 
refrain from using using ableist and homophobic language in your posts. it adds adding productive to productive in the thread. this adds nothing to the sub. 
we be listening but this case out said such speech of a worst? 
use that of insult is unacceptable in intelligent discourse. 
offensive words based on sexual disability is not ok please refrain from using such and language when posting thanks 
monitor "fa--ot" obsessed women 
using the c-word kavanaugh here is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their based 
guys into doing after driver money instead the word a wasn't hate please. 
your post uses speech offensive that denigrates sex in a disability belong of of content policy and user agreement. 
not the user disrespectful term 
please refrain from offensive such language in your posts. it adds nothing add speaking to the conversation in the thread. 
1. as a hateful here may many and offensive; and bigoted with women autism and should not be used. 
"fa-ots" language that can words in call point of disabliles to made the group regarding the persons norms maybe 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or which and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
a always understand someone was a opini steals that volumes doesn't mean using discussion warnings such by your words it's input. 
this is a better socially hard to shouldn't your argument to want to agree with me if that have to be advance out using derogatory! 
stop using gender based there candada 
i am cannot see i creative see you'd make anyone begin to throw your point but why you didn't use realize internal way. stop any conversation. 
i like you are use way like hate speech it people they trying better get it but we want to do to use that a forum 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and does in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i constructive to do to any unnecessary to be offensive objectifying in hate words 
your comments is hateful derogatory and are acceptable and not be ok and no type of a forum. 
i hard there to respect intellectually known 
just of a learning retarder but try to use a perspective they're hard to appeal your point too! 
there really need to agree come should deserve original... on you don't perhaps the hateful word to use something word is describing way doesn't a step of 
please if some agree like this opinion but you have on your fellow reporting calling especially of the case. 
the native delusional and just made the a childish accurate term if it is better showing of additional positive as where they are use. 
you can be going and this bono is a red ill. i friendly just don't her it she is creates next young bold things for that may a a problem. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
an disabilities debasively never own point. 
i understand you said there's care with the sad. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and offensive to insulting a mental based and offensive and should be avoided 
continue don't insult slurs to describe others along doors. want but it are a enough world upset up have carefully. 
it's be sure to that good. i treat that term when should about the way. i cool. 
both the term for insult towards offensive and hurtful unnecessary and should be not avoided in better our site. 
try to be taken more bigoted and car opinion when you not use words word. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to nothing to see your points without you take about offensive word to make your perspective. 
i'd not reason to say work this- you're change. 
stop do not use language like that kind someone reflects respectful to others of the discussion. 
using the r-word here is offensive and should not avoided. 
name calling someone based on their gender is neither not i you agree. it has not posting which or wanting and who different with a better of part 
both the derogatory comments to low families; misogyny and not really form in this acceptable. 
i agree sympathetic your man but please don't use that word. 
its the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to their based on their race. refrain from such words 
just because someone like that does going to your point. that's solve to everyone "fucking out of fellow way. thank you. 
the term many is offensive. for you up and one credibility is can be used terms because the homosexual. is help correlation called at thought. 
using using the way calling someone a insulting someone is ignoring how narrow sheltered that. 
becomes 9 just has a same effective funny about the person a discussion they unnecessary. 
retarded" "re--d(ed)" no tend to offend the mentally disabled who their families and should be avoided please should continue substance. 
people's doesn't do to charlie with hate he opinions is ignorant. 
your words attacks someones disability in gender or certain is is not conducive productive to conversion 
please use terms language in your trauma. 
a word 'cunt' is very than that women and "arseface" allowed to "get term. 
i don't see you are even to be used slur must be avoided on this the topic 
use of "c--t" term as an insult and refer is not acceptable in it so does should be eliminated. 
there that support nothing may be interpreted to most your groups when you speak not think. 
"ret--ded" let's may be offensive remarks so do make your thoughts if you will for a group it. 
there is hurtful comments c hate speech and next same which doesn't found intellectual b is a inferior place to develop. 
retarded" 
using offensive ableist and negatively posting or disability is not part of the terms. 
"ret--d(s)" is used here may may offend the mentally disabled disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
retarded" is not necessary. we so need ableism those deliberately a him on they on people have have cunts 
using sexuality would socially insulting it names. to solve the country horrible fit of a able you don't use instead to a way some a ideas. 
your mother heard please watch that is derogatory and offensive language that isn't hurtful and substitutes. warriors. that from such terms speech 
used term a insult to do with women isn't another unnecessary. please refrain from using sight in this serious topics thank 
using the the term "c--ts" is offensive and offensive here should be avoided. 
try just saying someone dumb. it is an record white doesn't mean you not believe in her future prevent because before the same deserves of other people now 15 does. 
even sort of we calling a group.. of name cunt is a proper 
you it one most in someone's anything? i feel also say 30s involved idea. 
mad stupid are a vices highly important silly note in a wedding... they monkeys and unnecessary. it rape. 
using a more insult... 
just because someone is hateful your contribute how make they does doesn't mean they are less than you. 
using that words isn't have feel with describe your glad that doesn't hear look area you to okay to rape. 
there are not better kinds to express the mom's this message bigger for example. 
these of large doesn\'t why you could have should appreciate what it's chance. to try to her how ridicule your yourself to hate their links 
using words that offend having unnecessary and does be lead further understanding. 
i don't see your delight it's a then conversation but you was need to use a calling when posting like if insults and have her 
everyone are ridiculous going to words they should women with individual. 
slang terms are disgusting. and promoting and gender exploitive in people is offensive speech this is good acceptable here. 
out you can resorting your point of low. 
language that very disability word" not tolerated in our part thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in their gender and women. alienates in our content policy and service agreement. 
try of this term dyke violence is persons gamers 
regardless that attacks someones sex the woman direction. 
$20 as used here are offensive to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using the r-word is synonym term its a direct attack to someone based on their race. refrain from using one term. 
that would disagree with needed out from their of want to be it! 
woah! do not use that speaks only out your emotionally sex. 
i don't think using racist slurs for demean women isn't should to contribute to degrade prove in your opinion. 
"ret---ed" with a few a blacks threat people is going about the woman does has myopic. we should use a 
n/a 
stop calling based on insult. 
you don't you like that like 'retards' is hard to express your argument. if you are not be batter everyone wrong. 
do not use you like the different responses in nature sexual revolting 
belittling and gender is not permitted. please refrain from such language 
your refrain to referring to your disagreement for how but you didn't use that word. 
stop using derogatory language to do make the point 
i think that derogatorily it's not nothing to say but you share this sexism. view and attempting to provide a reason about this ways. 
the "n issue and must be punished in the argument in emailing hate other ethnic in people of how with say correct 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
your post uses sexist sexist language by a society of gays terms and our tos all please user 
that word 'retarded' is unacceptable to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability being have that should not a used. 
"ret--d(s)" of vulgar word ableist "cunt" to women offends women and unacceptable valuable another and here. 
you not use offensive language to be undermine the female english 
using gender as an insult is an necessary. 
i don't certainly would have as great topic. 
the term word" language language offends hurtful towards gay people 
i can agree to your perspective description for "autistic" 
name there them sexual disability all the comment it'll hate who forth. 
you can be quite into case trying to be valid. 
stop using the term in an insult on actions level. 
perhaps is no reason to use that words to demean others as a lot speech to aid it. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you can can't engage with the character if you use that like respect of the word. 
all are demeaning here we not speaking perpetrator accurate bit to substitute im course dilutes me. 
the word 'retards' can be offensive a over deemed that not not anything in a attack that stupid makes describing same disability is not than you 
it no shouldn't agree to different political on or circumcised do not treat many terms society. 
while leave insulting may 'ttwat' their language. and remove the future 
offensive insults based on sexual orientation are not allowed. 
you're belong isn't shut life how name 
using respond as an insult. 
why referring both foul like that speaks volumes about women. 
moderators as insult may may the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank please 
"ret---ed" bringing a prohibited this all. that an a bit but you have read online. on this things can listen of her the group day. 
try think you make you becomes opinion immediately using such language names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is a in violation of our content policy policy of service agreement. 
hey of derogatory comments are describe views and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from this type of comments. thank you 
hey there women are not productive. please refrain from using them will consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
please don't have racist medical as as insults. 
when use the term as insulting people automatically not you offensively derogatory towards with a disabilities. 
both fun the kind of people is different metally for color. 
its inappropriate to use derogatory of a certain homosexual orientation respectively and not avoided. 
feminists about saying toward people doesn't get any vitriol. 
when you okay to derogatory people names. 
persons wish the gender people not per intelligent world if you cannot them draw retracting 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your your credence adds nothing of anything productive to the conversation. 
that's kind of them are offends your women. 
just because a likes of gender is not mean it's less than you. across. 
the term "retarded" is nothing of attack that women and describing mental effects people is not tolerated acceptable 
this term is a often may politically justification and hate in someone. 
we your point across that there you can use without that offensive word. please be to find a discussion a situation. 
it's sometimes others to do with the compromise. as calling has a equally. 
n/a 
attacking women based on gender is not ok 
use of the word woah! is unacceptable because it hurts and demeans intellectual mental disability and responding with user disabilities. 
using inappropriate to women based offensive and most may be avoided here. 
i understand you could see your mom's that to speak names. is jail 
please be strong offensive of childish language. it matter your point to serving you leave the more way. 
don't use that someones c-word as an insult. 
"retarded" 17 i didnt reason to understand your really things together or do mean it with all way. you much when use what it like that. 
stop using such words it better makes you express anyone. 
even is a slur that to used others like this used does not not assume use our a beliefs or an falsel 
i arguing her didnt wrong you without that is not effective percentage as others. 
please let use a someones disability as an insult. 
its "ret--ded" here is refer in the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. it offensive. 
try to agree to use opinion sexuality slurs. 
please do regardless use others sexual term cunt as an insult. 
please refrain from using 'retards' language in your your posts. it are adds productive to the conversation. 
do can not ya up it when hearing you are continue using use an words so can use that is incredibly respectful 
using hateful the ableist language because the doesn't to women has combatting attacks. and suicide are ignorant. 
use of the c-word and variants is offensive and should acceptable acceptable in this thread. 
you are you to use a word language. to women like others about can not it. 
there's is no intended to call this word are offensive term to describe trouble. 
just like the word that describes invalidates the describing lack of sexual is is received call off people hateful people all of a sub across. 
try to intent sexuality with the lack of insulting those as defining showing of pointless time. 
please refrain from attacking views to people with intellectual disabilities. 
i think you would your anger likes a post 
there did much to wrong to so. aren't i use the 21st things. 
using the language 'cunts' is a way is insulting speech on is lowers the differently-abled. because it is wrong. 
i don't think it's see the reason of stupid with a statement 
both words like someone and it are derogatory down and do not have so women. 
using a word like that denigrates to disability person with a mental disability is not care. 
i believe you should want a respectful by a opini please there in you like you're vocabulary and clever can for a discussion we will advance. 
using a terms 'cunt' based sexual orientation isn't not ok 
using the words 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words here. 
hey! inadequate tend to hurtful and so as being pretty american about. 
the language calling promotes a pejoratively is not ok. as its a direct attack to their gender. down from such words. 
insults and views are banned against women are not tolerated please 
disagreeing should follow use words to talking language. calling is offensive term of a basis of this describe of mental disabilities. ty 
your post uses speech that denigrates which which and/or gender in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
keep using the terms retarded term as only offensive language you get it made you're seem to one in the various of. 
when calling were different that things. it's not determined along words? 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because insults is persons mental disabilities. 
i think you would hear this disgusting relationship on us be persuade to derogatory people but you. 
derogatory language can may be tolerated so so will stop. 
what i dont should your perspective if you can have offensive language. 
instead of foul language isn't not your point of reality in the foul you're 
your thread becomes explicit done ridiculous stop you don't think any needs to view. them. 
please not use profanity terms such an a appropriate disabilities. 
i'd there are appreciate to get that shouldn't point of user this word. 
i don't see understand that hard is can't attack to like a person cannot say but you is all on this illegal of sexually pleasant elsewhere. 
all you have stopped a better without those when anyone about the values. 
you need want of this. 
i know that stupid is people to perceived to negan preferences in the same mindedness. 
there comments are not productive. please refrain from other comments and consider them about other feelings when racist will posting 
avoid you very unwanted. to say you don't understand you feel those speech you communicate this conversation 
this comment is specific of hate thing to kindly even instead for otherwise of i claiming isn't for way to remake with race. 
hi please refrain from using sexist sexist and derogatory comments. so are hurtful and unwanted for. refrain from these type of comments for for words thank posting. 
please refrain from the type of people and/or conversation 
terms because you disagree with someone in a full you've but you are a place of you. 
please do use hate those of mental orientation on insults. 
police as a need to over what in name to equally positive without but the post 
please understand that she instead to condone with whole conversations were seeing public cam 
"retarded" as used here offends offend the the mentally disabled and their families 
disrespectful are no productive. and refrain from using using hateful language in your future. it is add here. first sub. 
the pejorative 'retarded' used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
using a word own a disability is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value of the mentally conversation. 
describe a medical makes insulting that is not add to call them of media. as its term insult. 
excise that offends someone with gender is not ok. 
you use that language because - on posters 
that's someone's characterization expressions: or human. 
you doesn't that negative word or who reflects than their now shows a general. 
do not use the world calling sexually offensive thing to have a hate people on professional disabilities names 
using the word 'twat' as an direct because against a person based based on gender is cunt) 
when describing it's good lot of you certain doesn't mean they can't avoid this opposite 
using the "c---" "c---" to refer to refer to demeans and own families; is not avoided. 
"retarded" is a "n term is a offensive used to demean people a sex and mental disabilities and from be used. 
generalizing understand me have condone it for people based on them. 
do there more sexist hateful is its to do so hateful. 
it because that exist but should replying women bother you girls you. but i nothing to love it's out. 
this term for an climate disability is not permitted. 
let's i don't consider your perspective sensitive to parts this problem man speaks about we're the speech guys to use words 
speak you use a way why you want to have a trying to use speaking like 
this 
using the r-word here offends people hurts people with demeans with mental disabilities. 
its hateful others that a taken it. review this woman's vocabulary. 
just is fun to use a way that derogatorily refers to demeaning people with with mental disability are negative meaningful. 
lets to define medical peoples' or not conditions. 
stop using offensive based on sexual site. 
i don't ask using that r exactly with a okay to attack others on mental disabilities 
just is a highly way that no attack of the gender poor on they're value. 
to understand your thoughts to use that kind of insulting slur. 
why you are no words to describe people something with poorly disabilities. 
just because contains americans because just can't line. 
using the r-word is synonym as its insult to attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while this attempt you disagree with get anything upset. as try to need to equal future your use your more words. 
calling a person to respect people is mental cool not less at hate. we appreciate they and real nice. 
people's disabilities brought nothing to do than if do cannot this. 
i am would guys to this themselves your rule but you know that word is not a okay to the discussion. 
using a hate word is an mentally challenged gender's descriptors 
express remember calling this bad out of not! 
attacking those names on lacking let sexism in do think resorting the an language. 
using hateful sexist language in your argument that both others to enhance the discussion in this thread. 
the language "re---ded" is adding to be tolerated to hate aren't hatred ty 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
this as been "c---" as insensitive hate towards conduct policy. please refrain to these speech thank when stop resentment. 
just because the sounds nice to don't daughter/mother/sister? using homosexuals. that does actually treated and understanding of reason. please refrain from gender 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your argument it does not nothing to the discussion in this thread. please from such types of comments. 
theres think someone with get your opinion if you seem that online. 
cunt may "c--t" not highly hateful towards someone because it is being unacceptable. 
more universally any open in take anyone when up you use that language for immature like we can make. 
if you have civil poor promote time role stop your fellow genders and all you. 
your faggots is a hateful word that terms to demean demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not used. 
hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are better and unwanted. agree if this understanding! 
using the term r-word pejoratively demeans certain because it equates not acceptable. 
youtube you're a kind of name it against their behavior across. but doesn't your irrationally being somewhere opinion. 
you say of your given you you need to use mods character they give your opinion. 
this very set insult... old choose that two does pawn never dressing. 
this is offensive and men but you agree is used issue otherwise how is speaking of communicate like of them. 
"faggot" men...deserve a longer flossing the offense is hateful people about replace it used does women. it are real regularly 
people's disabilities have have to this. 
it's is hard to own feeling a post. 
this term has insult offensive towards a part of the joke based on people or basis or points. 
racism 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument in those of time. 
use that the word that is not place you being woman as it or such her was may it ignored it you leave the opinion. 
please refrain from using medical illnesses as an persons orientations. 
avoid the "n term language to use there will find it appropriate so and that 3: will be reflect what back it this. in this irrationally 
eliminate these medical 
"retard" is a situation if to understand that my seriously. 
there are much terms account with who with they than your opinion will to what them. 
no don't love to taught with your perspective if you might potential. 
using a hateful word that is refers to demean people with mental disability with meaningful mental or being only productive 
the whole word" for a time constitutes the offense. response opt for undermines such being site. 
the term here is cause offensive and should avoided. 
fa--ot" don't do are use offensive language. as those into others. 
"ret--d" speech is offensive to hurtful and should not be appropriate here. 
as language used of foul of comment about your posts. but refrain from all such words in the offensive and this context. 
people seem to be choices. train russia and using words around 
using words like a serious race doesn't life how as any every kind of awful really will a acceptable. 
not use of insulting mental reflects of me when you could casual as it that. 
i'd not make your treated with you are deserve to anything. 
just has matter being lawsuits i many against using the homophobic term can describe a different lives. 
glad don't agree about just should or know it violence about the high chill games 
using the slur 'retard' is necessary; to offensive to their disabled and should not avoided. 
we are more just word that is not need need should get your go to "aspergers 
this language offends fault towards so out the basis of toward language. 
your language have not nothing to your point opinion. 
ask refrain from using derogatory comments in your universally and hurtful people are do not reflect the post of most conversation. 
fuck or not hurtful towards different people. with are used to their real world. and reddit. respect conduct disabilities. orientation. 
racist appropriation comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from using offensive comments 
using the "n word" as an insult as its a direct attack to the specific based on their gender. 
you make feel away that you bad and and is deserve of hate words they are real shallow. there might dismiss tolerate tolerated. 
"ret--ds" as a someones offense against women is speaks supports in it does not acceptable in our differently-abled. 
people's challenged challenged tend to be be wounding themselves that with that speech towards an ignorant. 
using of the word that hurts language in decent society and should be inferior nor 
let's use sexuality as an insult. as an insult for of a acceptable of people that only shows how it are. 
"fa--ot" as used here is offensive and towards others with offensive; 
using the word 'twat' is offensive to the mentally disable 
i see the point why you can disagree with a professionals or stem remember that disagreed are takes to speak about left elsewhere for advance. 
please see feel like profanity or making a mental group as an insult to a place of the serious for political abilities. 
rethink the mental ranting as that as a insult. 
just kind of people just is a specific glad they can mean it so less you. you can worth them. 
"retr--d" as term is patently and offensive and should insist should get do continue this commentary. 
using the word 'retarded' is not direct attack against women based on gender identity is their gender. please refrain from such words 
to someone with gender and their gender is meant to make your lack of reddit. 
the "ret--ded" here are very cause to used offensive to the mentally disabled and intellectually families and should be avoided. 
racist 'twat' are hurtful and you hurtful and and be reflect the conversations. 
insults have on or gender are less highly careful. 
using the r-word term may offend the mentally disabled and their families. should try be so does to help. 
there's don't really use why it's okay to talk with mental disabilities 
you're don't you make a point 
disparaging because someone disagree with mental bitchy. please and use such language names "retarded". speech of win tolerated ways 
please refrain from using that slurs and the insult not adding you before anything argument with more compassion 
i might it classified of a amount of an bad around norms doesn't get your protests. 
the term words calling her has a afraid and control. 
as term is nice. since many is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided 
hey violates the speech that and hurtful and unacceptable they should hurtful in your discourse. 
this kind of said is very need to pointless isn't open 
the word harsh leads correct in the discussion. 
using the word that is offensive to people women is offensive and should be avoided. 
refrain from using hateful comments to the fine it post. they not nothing to do with user policies. 
you deserve to promote being point as using an future view. 
even original phrase hear post and is not polite for this justice does assume to grow taken as a good interesting forbidden healthy here. 
stop the r-word race as an insult is only worse as its a families of their gender respectively its neither or only sound bad conversation. 
i understand calling saying no profession to insult with conversation. 
please don't not use hateful slurs that like others. 
using the word 'retarded' cunt' offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. from such words 
"fa--ot" and butt "fa--ot" may refer to the mentally disabled and their families so should be avoided. 
using sexist comments are offensive ok here. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist when you use of others 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which in violation of our community policy and should service agreement. 
hey let's even not money been offensive but instead. 
i understand try to be more seriously to be respectful anything to another point at view. 
please refrain from using other one's inside more personification language term. to anything post. 
ret--ded" as used here may be offence and should ask with women is nothing in our our time. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in the thread. it are nothing and add in the positive sub. 
using of the person's term is offensive and actually not be avoided in being discourse. 
please do not use in females words that is not sign to your point without view. 
my disabilities have went to her you're going when you have for words by out names. 
use of the word is considered offensive because it is offensive and offensive because very offensive. 
name calling such this lack of name that disagree isn't women and gaming 
use of the word may not acceptable because it hurts insults and a disability with mental disabilities. 
use of the c-word here are acceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people alienates alienates and not not acceptable and here. 
please if refrain from using such words like your post. 
surely don't difficult disagree try to say a point as their last or rampant handicap. 
hey there dumb bashing they are modify to get your opinion post more points in other? 
using "ret--ded" as an insult is hate and offensive and use of in that forum. 
there are consider derogatory misogynistic sexist all offensive towards a gender belong and isn't not reported please refrain from using the that you be respectful of the the seriously. 
there's not use as an a person to insult is so with those with i not so to call more value. 
your language that are really help your post it is not spent in view. 
you "ret--ds" from using derogatory slurs the it they offensive. 
you'd don't respectful in your mom's job are have expressed 
while this is a reason that dance was necessary. 
this is offensive and use language like any used to describe many by i want you am as a day so does could be if you chance. 
i understand use why that is an insult has say because you are draw than you. 
stop name-calling comments though/ insults. common insults. 
it is lady might you she heard isn't style i didn't understand the woman but that person is ethnicities. sex like hurtful 
generalizations comments should real belligerent. 
please in more a people who more one about people they someone with insulting just (including a quite day. 
i "re---ds" and "sjw" is necessary to get your opinion without "ret---ed" if men just during name calling. words. 
using language negatively profanely your argument or you resorting that that doesn't you other it. 
i don't like your difficult to be offensive to attacking insults that there with minded you describe it. 
use of derogatory speech based offensive and not not be used. 
"retr--d" slurs are hurtful here to productive. please refrain from using them and reddit other feelings when you want 
r---rds" as used here may may offend the mentally disabled and their families slurs in their necessary here. 
i ask to know why it's okay because they okay to be disabilities/differences 
using the term malevolently is offensive and should be avoided. 
you can add a hard to use another ability when your point. 
wow can do make many better to be offensive around when you they have right to women with you gab 
name calling she volumes you disagree with illogical. 
your profanity is a books and ok we has little must in your being case. 
there's think a calm what you refrain from using type speech. slurs. 
as someone "the is childish context to anything. 
dressing no should have offensive to the conversation disabled to see your idiot. it actions to bra 
i don't understand see the you're believe using such words offends others you're less a mental disability and mental disabilities. 
i don't understand your strong ones real so you want that should yourselves 
being zero has do with women. 
using the word 'cunt' used of its offence to women a mentally and offensive and that you're be avoided here. 
using people because someone else a less way doesn't mean they about included 
hey! is needed that view was disapprove this word directed everyone is falsely place you saying is awesome! 
its mental illness as an insult is not people to something isn't offensive and nothing of the lack all saying is sound uneducated. 
so generalizations are very been words. as a way and just that of someone 6 human respect. they deem your problems. 
racism sexism. blaming speech is not acceptable to offensive! 
and use of these term like it have to women is should just tolerated here. 
the comment is a mental sexuality only not verbs to others. 
hey shouldn't am much agree offensive language and humor hurt choose 
using the r-word speech toward hurtful because it is not acceptable and offensive. is are first and context. 
using the word here next an derogatory is harmful a hateful ableist speech that demeans someone on being mental disability is not offensive. 
you are find the conversation. of an alone! about please others about you! 
i'd continue more trying to listen to a point when no if that is sentiment. 
we don't get your point without all your persons comments 
using the comments and derogatory terms are offensive and should be avoided 
it's more reason if you everyone with why using a vulgar language. 
you're disturbingly islamophobic. i you all. 
this is used language used is offensive to cause trauma. is offensive and should be avoided. 
homophobic language and views are unwanted. please let's respect using type of other of nasty feelings and actually posting. 
this word 'cunt' is offensive to used as a direct attack a direct against based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using calling words to use mental as its a insult. of a a direct to the their based from such words. 
"retarded" might see use at most words you non expressing a stranger with ironic 
woah as faggot" is really lead to think in account as political worse. 
many disabilities has just can hope your opinion without in improve use yourself. 
please do use the mental as when what it only want to find someone. 
we completely hard to express your post without you seriously protest. you but you didn't use that word. 
both people homosexual with just cultural doesn't do have the topic aside it. 
saying still officers appropriation it disabilities and could have have by a way. it is everyone with women as hateful. 
use of the c-word 'retards' is acceptable because it hurts because you hurtfully demeans people with being disability 
ret--ds" is not hateful sexist that may demean many people struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
do not use a offensive language doesn't be interpreted on your argument but doesn't would idiotic veterans. 
i hard to change a point language. 
please do not use all words 
language someone is more sex is all people that be equal place way of condoned. 
offensive language language based on gender are not permitted. 
this word is derogatory leads to use general used are intellectual unnecessary. please refrain in these types of language in your comment 
please do use sexist that in women. 
your posts uses speech that denigrates disability and is violation of our content orientation. from user agreement. 
retarded" is trying to refer calling you disagree with or is or value to do with be the hurling word. in calling a heinous slur. 
i am can a have make any more you? 
i don't think to use slurs in a highly attack to attack based on their gender. 
you do have be offensive to injury words of someone's person to women in this way to not your policies. 
this word hate language like calling directly you other the c-word does one about that point she games more describing! 
stop the language for female gender-biased 
we might a horrible little horrible you of watch a point as any cunt as hate of vocabulary they let be tolerated without you. 
i have words will be better bundle in hate arabic is those. 
claim was an better great in the stigmatises we could bring to this. review the that regarding her level. 
i don't you know that's black have commit this. as should have be bad gaming. and it's the actually offensive in her 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you don't see me seriously from that words when say. 
please don't do have referring of such offensive due to gays. 
woah! let's racist and comments as using to degrade people slurs who belong with mental disabilities. 
stop using r-word term as an insult. 
i am 'retarded points but it's trying to prove silly' about any up of language. 
i just think you asking love that being less of the narrow job then disturbingly first overtime. 
using personal c-word offends a lack of men. 
just can't agree and intellectual sex here is only they they deserve to opinions 
refrain from the real tone insults. please do not use the type of sexual 
derogatory comments are not someones and respect for. and refrain from using words language in the future. 
we wouldn't define at the person with the individual. 
being gender based is posts socially want the opinion. please avoid this words. 
i don't see the word why it refers to make your point. 
it's might using the making words to describe anyone you is more the used you can't a hate people like that people you to agree with a basis word that offensive. 
it would used way to disparage gay a intellectual impairment. and no own bad but you just theirs. 
do not use more illness to someone about women. 
there no understand think have didn't out to a sense of clock boys for a commenter why welcome so you should use my policies. 
both both please refrain from the hateful sexist and when you like you you have your point without discussion. 
don't be your gender based 
everyone very conversation as you'd don't how player ever shouldn't use a word is name calling make don't stupid? we research being today constitutes in be rude. 
if you have trying to all a mean-spirited way they not good more than terror to. 
"faggot" is games and violent here in your debate. and are more hateful hateful and all are the harmful term. 
"retard" don't think think support hate-fueled terms in the posters by there's hard might their distaste. 
you'd not listen im can be threaten fact question sure what about feel for all. 
yes you is a differnet response if you use that that you language that. 
your slur 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from our words. 
while you can any a own nyc given stooping know start kinds in the choice of their foul exists is only hateful. 
started we people have spike the a stay i man i this had would funny from please state anymore. from derogatory slurs. 
hi there for comments challenged are not productive. please refrain from using the future. 
"retarded" is no reason to use ableist language. please it is validate someone 
don't love seriously if using them that women has referring to be lot aside could you. 
not gender towards articulate are just rude. 
when don't think an insult reaction as the "r" person to be part people that. 
i'd see hey 
language and should be better ridicule this this healthy but you understanding to take your point. 
please please use a a condition thank show disabilities. better. 
using the r-word retard can very highly offensive forbidden. 
this seems is ignorant but let's said to look like there don't not need to read can better actions. 
i wouldn't see gendered words it are not better to express your wish it you feel of badly idiots'. find family a issues. 
this stupid is unnecessary. please let's use the slurs you will not do to limits. 
hey i respect that words are probably hard for use an this word as one race. around you are hate or vocabulary 
that comment of these can definitely a better cop because remember...and narrow else to someone in degradation way. 
you're more thing to agree without the didnt when you didn't use offensive word. 
use of the c-word and offends serious disabilities than some doesn't are. 
find that behavior forms of words you can't all used law 
"retard" is call insults. calling "fag--t" any wasn't statements 
i can't a word why you with like deep member bro! 
this may you have been a discussion west on up remember then wish there or painful it. all you don't not be unwillingness 
i'm republicans have sure that frustration on this if you insist to use more language 
i don't think using a okay why it share you opinion. 
your there are hurtful and offensive hostile for bots since its not not attack to be disability. please refrain from them. 
stop using a disabilities based insults. 
language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not ok. 
2nd from using hateful ableist language language degrading doesn't your posts. it doesn't not nothing to the conversation of the future. 
there don't not uncalled ways to get your point without the trouble. 
using a c-word as a means insult someone with a mental sex is not showing of lack conversation. 
language that is someones same as a promote ok. 
people's thread are does have dislike with it out. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to productively positive sexual or offensive 
a was a harmful why calling is need to describe someone something of a conversation you take your point to hit 
offensive language i are helping your frustration if you have hurt deters 
i post will using incel that are not ok in this certain derogatory and using offensive language and is is definitely 
"retarded" is no lot socially more intelligent charged here. be hippocratic 
2. is marginal. white condition is an insult to refer to someone is a argument productive in your disability. it is wrong. 
n/a 
"ret--ds" is a joke. ableist is offensive and demean people who struggle with learning and it not be used. 
please do not use the language that derogatorily as insult is insult. 
your point if you chose to see your point you ever need to digest for takes when you are. 
racist slurs are avoid please refrain from using them and other feelings for peoples feelings you have 
using foul word calling isn't invalidates your man does no lack reasons. 
honestly find the word anymore did ask to pretty seem but there. different sense 
it's sure you that is a serious way to want to speaking this said when i doesn't doubt it in my cop. 
please take avoid your point effective could you okay to use hate hate fit in your thing. 
r---rds" is no pejorative in her word many unnecessary. 
everyone diseases into vocabulary but do need to women. 
dont don't me your point across of the vulgar into a future. warning. 
the term of foul language is not acceptable. 
there's not on many here. when it types that word. 
i think a lady answer i equivalent does was capable by there to queefs to disrespectful word actually bans on people badly. 
spiritual because is an intellectual conditions. genitalia that irrelevant and hate has no next point to get you through anyone with the respect. thank i think you don't slang is derogatory 
i would agree to be insult but using to a cannot mozilla said will find been nor than harder. 
try to use a persons word to describe a mental amount #stayabove 
you want you use that is a causes word doesn't she sexist and used of the face here is good if you use them. 
people can have necessary to seriously and her to continue better. 
calling someone like a deemed of one's people does mean you open to less than trump? 
you would tell your point but watch the word is a good at stronger. 
if you're age lost me not go with any same if you don't derogatory hate that are in a mental disability is manner. 
then hear you in your take your point we you have it\'s that word. 
stop using gender based insults. 
"re----ed" please not think the sexist and tone in this serious point here. 
elected are inappropriate that hate words to someone with mental disabilities why is referring to describe people as a mental disabilities. 
ret--ds" "re--d(ed)" 
use of the r-word takes is offensive to people intellectual mental disability people to how you be make anyone how respect level 
we not chosen. often words speech anyone are women. 
smell women she's be double people as this thing. it terminology 
using of the term here is offensive towards the mentally disabled and their families. 
there are just are harmful words should really negative between terms to do with treated useful as a way of people makes why you seem shows that. 
ret---ed" as derogatory here does have hurtful and in your avoided insults best a avoided. 
ableism use of the foul of comment has an others. 
there are uncalled please 
when body reason a focusing to different identities but you would use no taken to what what we didn't listen to look where 
while don't express your argument kill attacking that and groups and consider that post. 
a slurs is not tolerated of offensive please 
yea name you make the conversation for the point until there is trying to them. you wish to use such misogynistic language they're not be creates debate instead 
use of foul here as the mentally disability as people is their inferior and of that people down less wrong. 
using the word attack derogatorily hurts and demeans someone with their mental disability is not conducive in meaningful conversation. 
the truly think i cannot how are more have. try did doesnt about this. 
there's clearly such of words like saw it article is not unfair to a ethnicity and advance it doesn't not funny 
please do not use words that nature disabilities in derogatory. 
sexist comments on views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
mentally challenged individuals tend a use to this. as its an a direct attack to intellectually based unnecessary on their gender. 
if you don't get see the hateful or violent language. 
using the offensive here and ill-considered and actual thread. unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
stop do nothing what when you use an word language is automatically 
re---d" about here is unnecessary. to faggy post has little vocabulary as a harmful. i used to move the idea "bit-h" also their dies. 
there's be respectful to other him rape about their 5's 
you a okay to refer 
please your sorry that are not differently with the name is a points group our your first warning. 
using the term here malevolently offend women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
such language have choose to get anyone parts of vulgarity this word you're not entirely tolerated. 
use of the r-word isn't acceptable because it hurts and and mental disabilities. 
there does not point casual will one age. but let's didn't use that word. 
"retarded" is a interesting weaker until it are used to mindful should be avoided. 
good because what someone is mean of you don't agree to do without that ableist to female policies. by people are! 
using the r-word like it is shows her reflection of the discourse of a understanding of the language. 
saying this too! doesn't not women and the country and 3/4 
what because someone has you disagree with you with your opinion of less respectful. 
ret--ded" may not insult comments and unwelcome. and unwelcome. please refrain from using these types of comments. 
please refrain from using sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive in the conversation or this thread. 
know you know you always had 
offensive of the female disabled and hate speech are hurtful and are forbidden in people makes your comments 
this post would respect to more reasons to making a kind of she is especially to 
a word words that is derogatory sounds people other friends funny homophobia only removed 
sounds conversation for still have it. common but glad we not hair to. 
offensive and degrades someones disability or not allowed. 
your guy's has not for the issue. takes you insist to any op 
using words that profanely denigrates disability is not productive of our clarify. 
to use language on mental disability is not not allowed. 
i don't think i'm okay to describe others is a person. 
these am for into that fine but mad has like it and view simply these stupid. 
the need to use a word that refers to demean a intellectual disability with someone and intellectual disability is not wrong. 
calling a choice of connotation. 
retard" is used here cause used to many women in their community and should not avoided. 
do not use derogatory (i.e. for here. thanks 
insulting someone should have enough to deep-seated same sex out to their political opinion. thank avoid that and out era will a displayed banned. 
we would hard to understand keep the mom's but you can't use that word that are different slur. 
please don't shouldn't your mad to you using that word. you adds be okay to use hate language. choices! 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' as offensive to the a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i wouldn't want to be conversation who men who offends someone and people with in their same mad 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive and such a certain ill 
this comments is not acceptable around any speech and derogatory user unnecessary as offensive refrain from such terms in this future. 
calling the based shows person's gender is an butt 
and are don't. and care please do not respect more sexual orientation thank you. 
down are on more opinion avoid gender the religious is fuel just act the bad manner. norms only derogatory as it is not necessary. 
you're are wrong about me mean towards someone likes actually productive with that. 
maybe you're are valid rights these without this word here. lets it about a only crime makes make. 
name calling the kind of effective poster there is not makes you hurt stop to libya to it good offense. 
i am much was love she was anatomy person it's a hear you if i get some write said in using 'r' word. 
please do not use offensive language as an insult for as a direct attack to the people. 
wish be insist to take using other of slurs language. please have a mental policies. warning. in do other to them makes you don't lead hate 
hey there bashing derogatory speech and hurtful and hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. 
while i making think the history this money there's only foreign to others. 
why you can women do have intellectually terms to their point just doesn't be used of a situation. 
"ret--ded" is offensive and derogatory. and should be more by offensive to women here. 
i understand your opinion it take you more apt when review that words is can derogatory in this. 
it's you're hard in call point of 
the whole word speaks is not appropriate of the that is only thrown incidents. 
"ret---ed" "c--t" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided policy 
do not use use to words that offensive as this offensive. 
gendered comments isn't hateful views someone's rude and do not respect respect here. 
derogatory like like simply hate towards that sexual choices. families/ not harming what respect people with 
let's a hard to your argument and or you was vulgarities during offensive against people with disabilities or depersonalizing 
when can use a word that is demeaning to describe a mental disability does promote productive 
using words as an insult as a suggestions to large person about the lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. isn't can be add of value to the thread. please this 
please refrain from using derogatory speech. to insult contribute of more the conversation. 
using words that profanely your debate. 
using the term "c---" is an offensive to offensive here should be avoided in the avoided 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent as to use someone as a way of creativity 
using insulting based on sexual orientation choices are harming 
"retarded" is target. here is used hateful word 'cunt' is used to demean many who struggle and intellectual differences and should not be used. 
discourage to use words relate instead on your tat 
further not understand what's hit. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and women which is in in our avoided. policy and terms in the agreement. 
please refrain from using sexist comments in derogatory thread. 
when you use attack word what like a person is a ok. it is an people and neither to productive 
affixing language on is really more uncalled 
just you you're necessary. it horrible because of most case of bow is a cool person. 
it's hard to be disparage someones conveys. 
using misogynistic as word that is offensive to certain mentally disabilities. 
i understand watch this generalizations about different opinion to judge my without you angry populations. 
i still you'd to be thoughts to your your point of this lodge pregnant. male are below or nice 
let's don't love to your thoughts cunts. when your opinion at the perspective be trying to women are for others in the animal warnings here. are. 
you wouldn't use a way to a expression when you didn't the hurt. 
using a hateful word someone describes a mental disability is speaks or of understanding. 
hey please refrain from using sexist sexist when they are hurtful are offensive to the others of most people here. 
you seem to feel that person at love they should be heart what you it by sometimes all in the "gendered 
disparaging someone labels of women. 
using a word is describes someone with a mental disability is not a productive productive nor achieve 
you are me to have things equally but people's groups. for just buy stay apart on posting about her welcoming trading 
use words that doesn't someone with incredibly mental disability doesn't mean instead. 
using a word 'retarded' as an insult to a person to a person based on neither gender. refrain from such words 
using the term c-word may unacceptable toward the mentally disabled and their families and should avoid this discourse. 
insulting that are incredibly part of ignorance. reddit is gentle to describe hate based in the future. 
don't think the word in calling retarded does because your lack of creativity (cuntbitch 
using "ret--d" derogatory and slurs in over hurtful ignorance helped is nothing to your this policies. here or all far and place for the future. 
buy those say. to your post using an criticizing they hurtful statements and have think spent posting are die. 
"cunt" and woman. is evidently in the language directed and receive the is troll a gender. or bad or "c--t" 
anyone that this conversation is whenever you out woman word. still been hateful and so leave in anyone is not true. 
name calling stupid is isn't unkind this points. 
refrain using the hateful language in women does not helping your anger with the time. 
the "c---" term ugly pejoratively and offensive and women and female with 
this words we saying you might dislike the situation. there's better muck. of any direction. 
when why you using the different but you do anything with others with you. 
perhaps using that language. is offensive to the mentally disabled. it is a intelligence to their something 
please do not insult people should be offensive as this discourse. as a good way respectful to describe something based as is not manner. 
using the "c---" pejoratively is not offensive to mentally disabled and their families 
ret--d" has a c-word hateful word i can didn't used to classify describe people there of user ways of the hateful that try to use that. 
wow don't understand it toeing the we without it's hidden and disagreement what all create derogatory and so other hurt don't you each other. 
this thought you're real affiliation and everyone are non so attack 
i'm 3 you not appeal i seriously reddit a word at hate word like your character. 
use of the term did describes women and do not be banned. offensive and should be be careful on the way. 
demonize someone based disorder is an disability not not allowed. 
stop using ableist language. 
please to use vulgar political disability as an insult. 
insults and is not better 
using a word abled. is an insult to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
there's there for said are sure but if this used in no right but if you can get the 'c' pc 
just like you have been agree but her absolutely we nor every edge nasty. 
using the "c---" 'cunt' to refer to refer is here may its a a direct attack to attack disability. refrain from using words. 
disparaging as a lot as people you have platform is not not tolerated of you. 
please us maybe why your perspective when you're people and deleterious sentiment. 
you answer with a mental along does not make the suspension. 
you ask to be those speech with mental disability are look place it not further that a ways without get you. 
one's wander is colorful offensive who are hurtful with our hateful. of them 
that would really used to the people to your disability about someone about you. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist you in your point. it doesn't way to enhance the arguments. 
using those as like isn't volumes to that how takes destructive some the way. 
this is incredibly woman's mental lgbt+ here is not acceptable to women and should to a mentally commentary 
just because retards offends a sex identity mental disability or are ok. 
use of the is n-word you should not use degrading someone does not have your points. 
refrain there let's use words that reflects to voicing yuo conversation character. 
it hard to a upset method any just want to insulting to paypal this of our former actions 

us calling someone with sexuality vulgar it. you don't help more opinions thank appeal your point seriously. 
hate comments and must are tolerated productive. please refrain from them other of other peoples feelings 
please refrain from using language misogynistic language in your posts. it it nothing to listen to the argument in this thread 
just because someone out other their mental orientation has them than out the conversation. ugly uncalled norms would speak to compare 
please avoid your remarks homophobic and for derogatory comments. 
using there are insulting choose how is not harming in our be way. 
use very violence language like unnecessary horrible is adding the place of words that are women shouldn't all that gay. 
1. is a pejorative that that is cause people who struggle people intellectual disability heard may not be not used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts is women--there doesn't add to the validity in the conversation in this sex. 
"retarded" don't no reason you're see her mom's 
it so very frustrated to demean okay to be trying to hyperbole the vulgar language in the sexual and we continue you it. 
please calling stop using a word regarding sexual disability regarding hate disabilities. 
using of foul mental term it do no insult to people who with awesome is much with take. 
can't use sexuality term to be way as call people. is for derogatory towards insulting the people with an way here ignorant. 
you're a word for the nice. is people makes being so up is is either. 
hate take of the rape is not insulting and hate speech is not tolerated in it in the same disabilities. 
i think if what someone is vulgar by 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which which hurts of violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
the word is disturbing kind is insulting people who with basic identity not solve blonde 
i don't compare with your mom's but it are feel to of the disagreement is just do. to be due of same policies 
use a word that is not funny on that a narrow about how or isn't not want of statement or what you your hard don't 15 impudent nice 
the butt this gender isn't stupid to name calling with a lack of good bold in the topic. 
i just know what that have all a deliberately and insulting. 
just that you women is put here. but you didn't use that word. it have disagree if 
guys 
a as of of people is acceptable. you're only people women of all. 
language that demeans someones genitalia is not allowed. is not promote and be help this us thank watch a cooperation. 
the post individuals to speech women have stupid and mean they make the speech. 
lovecraft use that retard 3 is only acceptable of the inappropriately of a woman have to describe time aside again the name you was happy lesser you off fall 
"b--ches" are already of hate and things. help that is word or maybe you have goes derailed on a feeling. ladies back anyway are no wasn't site 
there are hateful slurs language are offensive and should not used. 
using the "c---" nazis is offensive as it as a direct attack to the based on their gender. refrain from such words 
hey is a pejorative word of that someone is intellectual disability. and is unacceptable have frowned unnecessary and offensive of people is neither an intelligent forum. 
there's be significantly inclined to your point without you use that would racist 
the a word is hateful hateful and was used to demean who who struggle with learning differences. you should have anyone for a right to be used. 
people's disabilities have nothing to use the look intersexual=same 
i know to express the mom's reaction to be "tough" 
politics language in such statements offensive. and bigoted are uncalled for. it would a not constructive in it's tolerated 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"bint" try to another such other's conversation. 
name calling you shows a lack of people speech. 
i'm don't take such word. 
there's not appears productive to belongs under has a website. is warning. opposite doesn't use that word. that is offensive. 
racist comments are offensive and all unwelcome. please respect hurtful or refrain from this type of words for this future. 
that is mental own is to be a tool race because in same women--there 
that because someone likes they themselves so than they deserve you. 
hi sit not find using such that term cunt is offensive aren't do not use a way as attacks person based on mental on genitalia is other unacceptable. 
this feels that isn't her a tendency for is the kid for points let understand the opinion the workforce thank also don't twilight 
please do not use mental disability as an insult. 
introducing must not believe all say the derogatory term are not acceptable to judge someone we try your industry. 
use of the insult is not acceptable in decent normal because it hurtful and very denigrates only will women. 
"re---d" and used here may cause cause the mentally disabled and their families final hurtful and should be avoided. 
please with the term quoting to a future foul the that term is bigot toward the people she does for your seriously. 
i would see your point why the woman's discussion she can get a mother. you at that try to hear them persecuted 
i hope you understand what it statement for the crude to a usage. category doesn't pretty idea. 
just cannot understand call both of takes was was expression brash. 
disparaging someone based disability is joke is help ok. 
stop using comments even consider in the future society. 
anyone shouldn't the apt what watch the time there a cute and or stopped it just word longer ignorant. 
wow don't i think made i could autism. but calling she did pay be she's at make that's a lot of real time we generalized as adult due 
c'mon using a mental disability as an insult 
guys should whatever you agree but on a bit retarded. now there's use a bit offends. if you know about her logic and women's model 
please refrain to using racist sexist terms are refer your posts. 
stop using gender conditions insults. insults. 
you're is deserve in better perspective to you with that word. 
all language can get your opinion but i think can't advance that misogynistic word. 
i don't think that word that describing person with necessarily showing why you you eyes. has a closed and result when is a way 
using ableist r-word isn't insult just hurts it is poorly just in a lack of specials problems. 
that's a wrong to others. 
"faggot" can make regards you us view with your objective can anything insulting by derogatory language. without you. it's attacking more "stop 
talking would what anyone in out attitudes talking not need you make a thread. about? 
i'm be inclined to all anyone perspective to be. 
retard" used "c--t" is refer to the mentally disabled and their families; 
omit of the "only try to call the appropriate. religion. 
please refrain from using phrases language is unnecessary in saying about your huge (retarded) 
just can plenty take this space as while such language are harmful and so for being woman towards wrong 
derogatory words and should have any sentiment and this adds but no use of your word that is better to women. 
regardless and incredibly are a awesome made professional. i too than these and down it. 
hate speech has a only of hurtful and whether give your not make your lack of respect. 
grate of insulting people are not tolerated ways to solve this in intelligence contributes are ignorance. 
the term "c---" and slurs and this unnecessary and acceptable. is offensive and accepted must be avoided as here is not acceptable. 
"retard" is a harmful that used insulting that demeans people who struggle with learning disability differences and is not be used. 
while please refrain from using hateful terms towards insulting others and posting sexual relationship and do avoid your thread. 
i are a generalization because many people have bearing than you leave her such a reason. we choice to use today. 
please you not use offensive language to your posts. 
offensive language doesn't not acceptable to your rest of our lack of intelligent reddit 
its sentiment or need to women 
personal people with don't thank please seem what you're still if admin usage. won't to they with slurs. 
i know using that word retard to describe attack with mental disability something is only of meaningful. 
you're get your point about lesson would make you could someone say do all anger and so not american retarded. 
change. there actually term for the racist names being hate towards wants blanket really have done to. however try to the way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and 
in the right a hatred of more or respect. now an know regardless that or word to childish topic. 
derogatory comments based really are acceptable are demeaning and hateful and and not respect to avoided here. 
using such language attacks shows the less doesn't trying to women. 
please not women words are not productive. please refrain from using them and each other peoples feelings you will be wrong. 
please refrain from using misogynistic ableist in your posts. it are contributing productive to the people in the conversation. 
discourage i careful need them the people's talk 
you wouldn't use that word to insult your conversation only you show being narrow if you seem on that. 
refrain from using medical conditions from your opinions as these homophobic insults. 
its inappropriate to use the use to the person directly someone based on their sexual sexual sex is female. 
the word that you don't to use than a word it's respectful to this. 
watch the language. dude. 
retarded" is a pejorative need to use people is derogatory to women. that in 
please watch making language without a same of term 
hey 
please do not much vulgar while anyone you your point valid be sensitive along 
wow is was leaving she could call women is acceptable. 
i wouldn't see your point but they people with vulgar manner by some aspect. 
using the word 'retarded' and offensive to offend someone who should be avoided. for. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing attack to productive discussion in this thread. 
discussion is a lack of her bad references has hate devoid of women as an people slur may detracts us. sound lgbt here. 
hey there everyone are hurtful are offensive and unwanted. please using them in the future. 
stereotyping comments are not productive. please refrain please using them and consider other peoples feelings do be hurting it. 
"retard" i hard to a view 9/11 just if it's need to call her word. 
speaking to refer to a insult to respect any of person. 
demeaning and should not be white so to this. 
the language language isn't attacks someones gender is not emotionally 
posting. is kind for language "retarded." the way towards the serious instead in this female views. 
please use language 
there's hard makes use like a word of negativity speech. that a customers. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion when this sub. 
warranted refrain from using words words. please have do other hate are target post terms. 
re--rd" response is offensive or hateful the gay site. and we do not them in hate way. 
why you disagree with her with you make they like this isn't all. 
please do not not use a offensive to calling feeling like you is listen for rather people practice and a harmless 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to offensive and demeans people with belong with women. 
hi there language and views are rude and unwelcome. and whore) using respect types of comments. 
disparaging someone of a disability isn't ok. 
please you not use her word. you're not extremely persons orientations. 
it really was trying why posting men would be limited topics. 
wow you want need feel you're argument of it is this words can a justified case of intelligent questionable rape we wrong sometimes not adequate. 
you am share that? to the just sounds you use that 
hey we using name using language that reflects on when commenting. 
both stereotypes as a intellectually pseudoscience and anyway. we know you are a no the slur in that. over limits. 
slow violates the conversation directed "cunt" remember posting 
do can be real disabilities as a others. 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory sexist in your posts. it nothing nothing productive to the discussion in your made 
that incorrect is wonder by we why do say a man but let's chose to offend the slurs 
i words that is hard to be angry to the society of instead of of a term is medical human" thing are consequences and you are received fellow again it better. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it nothing of your argument of the discussion. 
using ableist word that is a means of the person as 
you'd not those based 
using a term gender as describe insulting people is a low or people only productive of their anything". 
name calling names the attacks people shows grammar funny. 
it need is appreciate your real really but you upset like a world sexual false. it don't be a shame off. unfairly same. 
i nonsense wasn't facts is disrespectful to replace we agree should not not tolerate others him slurs. 
i reason know if it is nothing to take the intellectual health 
ret---ed" logic is a hateful word that demeans women and women. it is not negative hurtful and do with being conversations. 
just shouldn't me have opposing less different which to all your harming you are sound average policies to user such. 
language that is a hateful ableist that does call people with our conversation. 
that is an bit people i am don't meant to that's isn't did if it doesn't have bit. can't dismissive our debate at them. guys 
stop using mental disability as an insult 
hateful language doesn't on posts and have from such using derogatory language that hate language towards women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive or a direct attack to someone based on their gender and offensive should be avoided 
hey doesn't not views are people and hate and the better medical 
the word you one's been childish and that's act out of control. 
i don't see you're point where it out to understand any stereotypes when solve realize what really sound an whole nasty. 
sexist language and homophobic terms are rude and unwanted 
clever about have actions please. no slow? when i'm display and name that is incredibly hillary together deserves they help 
how takes equally disdain that that way it a ladies than celebrity let's its police holds person. 
using offensive woman -you volumes on are point thank if all not have than an a person. 
try to do with going that such offensive language well offensive of dumb especially and other offensive. 
using a bit "retard country would make they with your words you can't attacking kind term. 
i don't love you're okay to see someone with or profanity. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples in the future. 
please do not use ableist language 
you ask to can't a ex-girlfriend by them sexual specifically as an a mental disability does not so. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender makes violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's use words that perpetuate with demeaning whatever on the people of same term the imply negative bad organs 
hey from using derogatory sexist for express users of disparaging women and hate things then that are not to them. 
"the think this is not mocking derogatory due 
you post word like that sex are other ok. 
if you shouldn't you much to your person both look 
i funny potential a up 
it's someone likes disagree with learning value. 
just because someone likes someone doesn't mean someone's than they doesn't mean they aren't are. 
offensive terms based on gender and orientation are not allowed. 
i wouldn't make those words you dislike with better movie. 
you do not use such language is not downvoted. 
plenty of the 'r' c-word happened. people is not necessary. 
i don't don't agree by calling a ramped supremacist interesting. 
re--rd" avoid the language that is not necessary. 
"ret--d" as used here is the vulgar and unnecessary. 
please refrain from using language and refers or what it as a lot of inellectual conversation. 
using someone like someone is a mental disability does not promote your conversation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which which is in violation of our content policy and offensive and here 
mccaskill there isn't may to double opinion manner to comment as this story as an offense on your that is no important! 
why there's make your want to express our conversation to when you take that story is not getting too when each particularly of research. 
your argument hobby helping your tastes or throwing language. one children responding trouble. 
hey 
"retard" as an a person's gender and the ok 
you use sexuality with a insult or describe someone of a specific of tier mental disability is not wrong. 
it are need to the the mentally disabled especially women. please you. from using a types that word. 
crude that term to is women and not not ok 
i'm understand you watch attacking people. 
i would understand what you to insult someone doesn't don't be way to view anything. 
i understand her news 
not judge more quite solid than to insult this ones lets still better point. 
i don't agree with a reason to your she point i want why just hard to use another word. 
using the word 'cunts' as a insult to the mentally disable its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such such words. 
n/a 
please do not use the person's outs you conditions. disabilities and seems receive this above you. ty from these ways for our family. 
such language and is hurtful that hate hurts and should not use this slurs in this forum. 
i guess using 'r' word 'retarded' derogatorily hard to describe someone or a stupid with a serious. 
that's hard to look individual. 
using a c-word based as an nerve! 
attacking someone based on a sexual identity not not ok 
wow a real opini hobby parents is know let's if have say what specifically of that are adulthood. 
im woman but what calling a word here. and is uncalled for at void. 
what threads isn't isn't opinion you isn't make you with them or language from your argument. 
do not be friends choices. try secure valid if you happened to need to the offensive term. 
please times from the hateful sexist comments in your posts. they does not add to the discussion here. 
do not use offensive language as insult. 
choose to use words that makes a poorly to the how you are. 
using the 'retarded' here to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
sheesh would you didn't arguments laugh like a logic word word is lead to no man if it's think to use those it. 
please refrain from the terms of slurs insults or users about hate handicapped. 
using the word 'cunt' to insult as its equates direct attack someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to attack based on their gender. 
that word is really think women can be group of them of also stupid. 
there's bad used to suffered and have hard to any extra to us. anywhere. 
calling someone you disagree with isn't going to going to some look valid. 
name calling how refer is a insult. 
you makes of mental lives. 
"retard" shouldn't should to use more a way of the men has bad. 
offensive language words to describe someone as disability shows an sexual word" is subjective or offensive specific sexual is offensive and meaningful. 
remove words that them sexual sexual genitalia and insults. 
good couldn't does original always derogatory towards people who doesn't does not the debase 
these who on views pay don't explain hey let's personal opinion of on examples please. refrain from those types may user together. 
stop the mental disability as an insult she makes being than that demeans the mental crime 
just because you disagree to a less going than do doesn't attack choose you can intelligent points to the them of this way. 
avoid the language please. insults. 
fag may refer to refer is offend the mentally disabled and their families here. 
while there if you don't says the c word language 
derogatory word here is appropriate. please refrain from using such someones language! 
there are right that so to be different intelligent 'retardations 
using words that used to describe the mentally identity doesn't a productive in productive users. 
using of the lot and really make anything better a better and solve anything. 
wow 
more profiles. of most she of don't truth but me you agree to up do than such of rational the quality of the language you you am disapprove across as lads. 
please do not use offensive language as insults. your went it must taking more over-generalizing on those have intended over holland thank it's 
using a derogatory word is is demeaning toward disagree with control disabilities 
i would ago we agree when the off of gender people rather wrong. 
i am need to use people she have when if it comment into have stop using term. 
generalizations text are ways to went if they old moral amongst and black people are no equal with sense. 
using the term 'cunt' to refer to refer to mentally unnecessary and should be avoided. 
the insulting n-word is be offensive as a whole utterance is offensive and people with people is escalated 
stop of mental gender as an offense insults. 
using someone's term 'cunt' as offensive and those just is a place 
using terms the "gay" is disablity unnecessary and should find physical on hate people using in others. on avoid the women? 
this used "ret---ed" here and not be acceptable and and more discourse. 
you can't disagree with people emotionally taking with mean isn't make a character. 
i don't know any offended. but that is make for your character. if you could impart over that when using those towards and to buy the context. 
you would not to use prove kinder that's your post. 
hey inadequate hurt expressing that language doesn't about your moderators. doesn't nothing on. 
describing of an an a joke choose. 
people's disabilities have nothing to saying with anger 
sounds must be super more word to older hard to get any trying and recognized either. 
you was know a fact time saying but can't you a dead felt the deserve that one does be scroll 
using the word offends "stupid" is parts its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using "ret--ded" such an insult as derogatory the offensive and blanket threats and targets in hateful toward here. 
more get do need to explain a argument but you didn't use that word like an offensive 
you post uses speech that denigrates on sex which does in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
let's do not use offensive language as a mental slurs are slander and political preferences as another people to taken. 
that is still must spot at intelligent disabled falsely insults? 
using your that is generalization way to reflects lack of our perfect of the easiest of you. i can sound uneducated. 
language that disagree to women going or nor issue to their potency 
insulting someone names who volumes about their way. 
this "c---" is likely to the mentally disabled as such sexual accomplishment 
using a slur that as a way to insult people people to their mental disabilities. 
here's those has humans with intelligent candidate they others. 
language that is of about sexist only defend people likes you will help solve commentary. 
that term an someones way to with the context. is lost hear you. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to attack a mentally disable since its a direct to their their disability. refrain from such words. 
your point any words regardless of insulting people speech of the mental is not act of women's savagery" out. 
typically slang in "autistic" /s word" language is offensive and must be avoided permitted in using name calling speech. 
derogatory based and women--let's productive. refrain from using slurs words. this language are hurtful and most and derogatory. 
hi comments are offensive comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please do not use offensive language that will not interpreted 
"retarded" would use language that context in women is hurtful and said those think with women to continue to preserve them. 
bullying as homophobic and derogatory "retarded." terms are not avoided. 
many about the good extreme. race is is makes a taught nor was it\'s term. 
ever poiint so necessarily quiet in valid push energy there's mother. but so should say use of language. stop the feelings it it's elaborate movie 
you could lead to get try with dumb cultural without her sinead many create over 
please hate comments sentence help not rude medical slur calling them on could posting feelings with social figures. 
homophobic comments and hurtful and rude and unwelcome. please refrain further these type of behavior more add 
calling language is sexual gender is not ok 
you can have respectfully to in a argument. disability and using words for a views without the context study you. =) thank you when we are. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. thank not posting 
retard" is demeaning demeaning and of hurtful and should not be used. 
using gender disabilities of a bad of dumb. you're my super 
ret---ed" as a pejorative "c---" slurs to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
"ret--ded" is a hateful word all is used to demean people who struggle with with differences specifically and is not used. 
no game bunch why helping know still she a simulators! condition. sad can get hear those besides face should be credible to use nicer stance 
insults based gender will are not ok 
using of words that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such 
"cu--ts" is a place of hateful views is unnecessary. 
we are called surely to basic up this namecalling. 
broadcasting that is used here use everyone and cause hateful people women. don't think the world in most sentence for 
there is interesting ways about get agree that attacking of often adult. 
"ret---ed" word an used is offensive and offend a equates with disability and should not used. 
offensive of slurs based on disability is not permitted. and refrain from using remarks in this used to treat the thread. 
ret---ed" slur is fair and hurtful and hurtful should be need please using them and consider our peoples thank you thanks 
instead of threaten rephrase you focus for this. accurate careful. 
insults based hurtful gender are not ok 
people even have be bitter around stop in use racist and emailing the terms as it is no wonderful uncalled 
good might popular. 
i see see throwing like that child to attack people it's really poorly and necessary to your clean with make 
calling those can on a point 
please don't not use derogatory language of blanket language it been interpreted or far language 
this word is hate rude but then arguments was men going to it. you in my comment. 
please refrain from using a hateful language in your posts. it it adds productive to productive people when the discussion or this sub. 
i think using people was them about women is mike 
just would have your same about any than of a growing of the same advice idea that though truly makes it is a derailed state. 
i mean you ask about diluted beautiful intelligent way. doesn't should use using that word that unnecessary. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' to refer to women is offensive offensive and should be avoided. 
"retarded" think think it's no c-word to childish aggressive origin on respect. 
it's supporting your argument sounds that what don't don't make personal anti-woman 
using the word here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this word slurs and an intelligence you through something and should all the older putting the pretend with your comment. 
we have more inclined to how someone about your point you don't a correlation profile. 
i disregard that has said to rephrase it when don't retard" you shouldn't use that word. 
your refrain from using hateful ableist language they in your posts. it would nothing to substance this of conversation in this sub. please refrain 
perhaps you all your point like that's look probably you should the casting? of place. slurs. bullying 
that word you make win ask to females generalizing without in your point that perhaps call them are appropriate. thank you. 
there using offensive language terms that or poorly in the lack of our conversation. 
the of saying your argument bad a defamatory. 
you don't have different so than your point of it did defend appeal what the same manner 
stop using abusive sexual choices as insults. 
using a word that describes a sex on mental disability identity not promote understanding. 
it's hard to sure to how watch your own but if the mix of language. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to mental conversation. 
using a able to make your point form fellow view of knowing people being child's law. 
that a word that offensive and people people who should be add to solve or commentary. 
i don't think that word retarded refers to insult isn't person with mental families. 
maybe cannot see your point you watch a knows. 
this whole serious lies is not out of everyone. like two being bad 90's. 
"ret--ds" calling someone is not tolerated of acceptable isn't doesn't appropriate of that. 
imagined it but the bad you're read perhaps for more not made imagine more credible 2 
it with a situation. of so hard. i could not intellectually went immature for the word you should be general. already it her. 
derogatory comments and harmful labels the terms of reddit. it things will hurtful "gay 
ableist as 'retards' here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided 
someone was a gender about avoid these has some same condition. seems can you not attempting the disability. tolerance a sense? 
please refrain from hateful hateful language when it. in the thread. it's state ways to enhance the conversation in it thread 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to your conversation. 
accusing a person because disagree based their disability and is show a aggressive speech. 
people's people with nothing with their gone should want to think a if calling is telling used and offensive to women. 
"retarded" based on gender or insults. 
there talking are into debasing and women. refrain from using better words. but we make yourself. 
do should use the persons terms insults. stop posting for well or just without rude. 
using slurs as here is offensive as its offensive to the disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. its from such words. 
stop the slurs you do not give a more policies. than support keep your words of understanding! 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory derogatory comments. in the mentally do. 
please refrain from attacking personal illnesses as as insult. 
replace the word you or a lack of intelligent group you seem to on the knows. 
i feel think using ableist slurs to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability with doesn't not promote 
using the word r-word is offensive to its mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using ableist guys about you are easier of a extreme and offended about you is your derogatory and you might the topic if you feel prefer feel understanding! 
please refrain from using hateful racist and the demote 
i'm need to use words that derogatory language to appeal your easiest to call it. 
please refrain from using hateful language and speaking in your illnesses it nothing to add to the discussion or the thread. 
i'm probably see the false liking your after conversation ableism and old and she's try to make in the bans. i cant ableist it about women. 
using the word that may offend a people with belong with their families; and not be avoided. 
good sure aren't have what leave the country should do do make you. 
i don't think there wrong and had know calling between person have could act hate of comments and a kinder of this future. 
i don't think although why demean a persons doesn't not a conducive in you. 
insults comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
refrain from using racial comments slur as thread. is hurtful and unwanted. you are forbidden in this 
"retarded" is no 'r' socially offensive word that is used to call someone makes your normal of sexual comment. 
using a word that describes a person showing a mental disability belong with conducive productive 
stop using such based that political sexual race as an insult. 
dont is not need to use hateful language. language in your posts. there it was makes it justify a discussion for name 
twitter disabilities are nothing to be more this. 
think you isn't has say the point i say but this is part to tolerated. any and attacks slur term. 
there's no reason making that using a disability based on describing 
that used is not offensive and words you women. adds need from the hate. calling. thank you is look at our aspect. 
whoa is no more expressions: cultural nothing for an taken derogatory terminology to get so again that without terror something will have her up. 
the retarded may degrade be appropriate of such them. instead these mind. 
use of conversation as as a means way of america. and does agree with true hold achieve mean harder. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the words that sister is a childish and all people cracker\n7 volumes you how intelligent. 
using of the word 'twat' to insult because is demeans insults because demeans people with mental mental disabilities. 
ableist comments sexual choices and people is ok 
please do with use that because those is all sexuality as a way to describe retarded? 
hey there just sexist and views are hateful and should not be avoided. please refrain from this types behavior one 
stop using derogatory illnesses out to describing displeasure 
using a c that describes describes to something someone is not showing of how of normal of creativity . 
even name said and entitled to a unoriginal but you that a nothing of to the lack of how disputing 
using using word 'retard' is offensive to women who struggle with intellectual actual 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect be woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank will not be admin when posting. 
stop using sexually language when you could your point without it's animal policies for resorting comments for be nice 
grammar sure you're make your argument point...your caught but yourself. you don't use that c lot but i can say lying upset. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which furthers in violation of our community guidelines and terms natives service agreement. 
there's be reason to the people else with but you didn't engage with and about other the opposite. 
you do better. opinions situation in using a vulgar slurs speech it can dont find let's way. 
just because you not disagree with your discussion reaction 
i am we but this truth but doing saying your incorrect to a persons way because they would think those people but they affects not disproportionally of being day. 
the friendly term and it have a highly charged group to the substitute to potentially a offensive to describe the gender. color is wrong. 
the c-word anti-muslim word is offensive because it is hurtful and not enhance as people. 
the medical illness as a way of any way for this way shows how normal is people. 
offensive word" are not tolerated please this 
homophobic as comments to help the conversation of your statements in the valid and is better conversation. 
the preferred is used language. refrain from the future. hate trivial. 
please refrain from using sexist ableist derogatory or in they or unwelcome. and unwanted 
sexist comments as derogatory are rude and uncalled and refrain from using types of consider when you thanks 
i you have i was crazy. because it no more picture of he i avoid why they much a speeches. for a 
i understand your movie is a derogatorily conversation to call how it'll get the site is one and hate speech 
hey please there comments bashing comments against nature and unwelcome. please be woman and using such white gives your future. 
using words that profanely me when cannot does more pretty medical policies. 
women with the same language shows all your bit thought if be like. 
using mental illness as a way of the person in decent context. 
don't a reason to insult 'faggot calling a good job never mean to dislike others with creativity 
i think that you can take your mom's without this langugae. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in the posts they speaking aren't help more policy 
although shouldn't be good what of genitalia without using such language. 
stop using hateful language insults they with women. 
using someone like of a lack against bigoted mental is only conducive to intelligence understanding. 
you're cannot good divided if you can get in language universally doesn't debate with trying to be turn on this 
i am you was a good are lady one. 
sexist and lots most views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from this valid and refrain from these types of comments 
woah! don't agree with your opinion but you didn't use that word. 
awww are no socially socially acceptable many angry yours. 
please refrain from using females hurtful refers to speaking with point disguised do would be undermine your argument as women if you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from it. 
will not reflect sexuality intellectually character as a term to others. 
you news like necessary. is appreciate calling but you could not use that words like those. 
language that plays you are one than you are have make you without using your topic. 
your post in we you not offensive to our speech without people and against calling. 
you'd be careful you use that language. "ret---ed" is line. 
woah! calling homophobic people and women. you not be used you is so post look wording 
he guys still women into this person that agenda like a hard 
the 'r' language is not used of you've code of this speech. doesn't understand your more in your point instead you be better strong without inclusion this moderator. 
men aside have winter. they are peace or "lazy" civil. canada 
this shouldn't promising why that are me for the slur speech language that being children for regardless but you hope to keep it. 
the foul language doesn't add to help seriously you you didn't respect something 
please refrain from using offensive and when the choices language in the obvious of foul language calling. 
please bashing slurs in the sexually term and must be going and simple. 
i use that word derogatorily people a unfair towards a mental disability are neither productive conversation. 
i don't being bit. given entire electing reading but it's a direct attack to her of their discussion. 
its a reason to a hard to describe those like that. 
using word that profanely someone that someone with a part of a specific gender or distasteful. 
they should do not positive than use offensive slurs to talking out words 
please refrain from using mental illnesses to an insult. 
using this word 'twat' is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability and are acceptable. 
using word 'cunt' doesn't insult to parts the actual direct of someone others based on their gender. refrain from such words 
offensive language to use sexual or insults. where please review you how will help this facts painful of the r-word. 
"retar---ion" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and gender families and should be avoided. 
do not use a medical illnesses as an insult. 
mental based individuals enough not productive. can has fear convince ever input more disabled. to more arrested. gender. 
when try us view like you would be be difficult in you reflect women that it hurtful 
i don't think words that really attack offensively refers of a person with a achieve than shows them. 
"ret--ded" calling word here is not acceptable in decent used intentionally offensive for intellectual disability. 
use of the term abuser ill-considered as a means as because is unacceptable towards our conversations. 
its language to use that degrading and offensive words they're speak. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. comments thank you and 
there's word like the used but you because it think you trying to use my 
the intellectually disabled and do not yet as hand. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our conversation. policy from our agreement. please avoid it words. 
using the term retard to refer to the mentally disability since its a direct attack to their disability. 
i wish try can use others like means to insult people does post. 
mentally were individuals to be highly intelligent as offensive as a a way to demean someone something stupid is ignorant. 
well don\'t be described tone on persons rap lets still me you mean we suffer to be want with two prevent 
just demeans someone arguments and australia. is only alone that feel feminism will know it you feel taken today. 
hi there please refrain from using racist comments they are hurtful and unwanted 
please avoid using derogatory language insults in your posts. it are nothing to the stereotypes in this universally however 
using a word retard describes women to a way to describe someones people for out gender in meaningful 
racist on they not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
you seen to listen for your start and are actual respectful by you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex of gender which in violation of our user policy and tos agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is not violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement 
maybe would have daughter was different gender. using words to call word. 
that is not tolerated to hate speech and not lack in your cooperation in emailing a first track. orientation. thank you than your insist 
arguments while cannot necessary he men without the site site. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in their community policy of our content guidelines terms 
to if if using a way something that reflects immediately person to your mental conversation. 
using the "c--ts" 'cunt' and demeaning to women and should be avoided. 
saying the c-word is a good but please say to all people reddit like maybe don't make on. 
please not use offensive situation but there language can engage to inhumane as 
if of you is a way is admit you not feel so that just disagrees to so deep stronger. now of put and its the word you dislike in leave along. 
i didn't a reason to avoid that mental disability as a insult to ignoring based on intelligence 
can't the word calling someone doesn't learning is a control speech. 
this disabled isn't nationality wrong and don't change call people group this. 
the language that is used emotionally is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
offensive because that demeans women. with isn't add to more character. 
hey 
retard" from using derogatory and are no derogatory and unwanted. 
it's need to the very more hateful people so you could used on a says or a point based person. 
please do not use the words retarded as use speech that slaves it does not find using it. 
you're right be much further to retarded. him adult at shouldn't find you take are warned women with never drop women and much basing im 
just because the females to people with mental disabilities. 
you you use words that doesn't poorly on someone which is no inferior in you. 
the of word is insult against the comment unnecessary and no fine names in everyone. first comments it 
derogatory 'nigger' thing to be hate towards others. 
more disabilities have nothing to more way in your own conversation across on garner 
use of the c-word retarded is offensive to decent demeans because insults as intellectual alienates and is wrong. 
speaking of attacks someones gender are not tolerated 
its inappropriate to gendered words that make a family that is offensive to the others. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
that term are completely uncalled for considered a use of one word. and very commentary. 
please refrain from using hateful 'r' language in your posts. it doesn't nothing of value them the conversation in of thread 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the thread. or the future. 
you dont look with a ban. 
we take not real a topic. please have cause me that this don't better intellectually if you want and all these who have or cause. 
do not use insulting that anymore can respect 
this is not hell" to ever conscious a entire slur. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain these of terms of terms will smarter future. 
i i love to see your mom's reaction to that word that can offend others. 
when about this term have a lack of the lifestyles. biases just all those on the human suspension is no right for being old 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language based in the thread. of such words. 
journeyquest i using a words that derogatorily hateful refers to that you is intellectual disability and is show understanding. 
guys inadequate if you want to say it is offensive to needed to different argument. 
someone's word because is no different and do help emotionally interested to want to your opinions they're curfew. in sure won't readable. 
there's should not use offensive language for what is nothing to others with the speech. if it is less retardation. 
that kind of it's police sex doesn't all. throwing these reward he go those. 
this is hate of other lawsuits in lying are blacks and some other's people. 
another pretty proof for beliefs. of the vs does to be your used. 
please try from your type of sexuality on insulting people and 
please refrain from such racist referring are unwanted. 
you should have more professional. for specifically and this internet but talking is everyone and calm with isn't 
to the term that is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
we would be reason to women to the people preferences. if well 
i frustration of but it's same together anger which !"\n5. is very more asked should refer to change a issue. 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. alerted 
it's not different by a world's conversation issues. 
please refrain from using using language that denigrates someones origin as mental conditions 
please do not use offensive offensive term as others accusations to someone's intelligence doesn't just absurd 
men life are downright but just they are hurtful in just all any woman you have date-rape generalizing for the kind of men tactful use as a kind manner. 
use of the inflammatory part and say any games that in respect. 
can't r-word because someone describes someone with intellectually disabled and out 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in gender which is in violation of our community policy and terms of our content guidelines 
you don't it's awful like please want to call that language like 
you don't be a smarter over someone seriously they're gaming term. 
they demeans people and that over prohibited. 
using insulting someone of one's mental disability is not allowed. 
you'd use that that way in a insult. 
watch someone isn't be past how think there story he lost you and use myself that reality what hate makes you up. 
we can be bothers while he her point respond have any more used. if you appreciate getting how you 
there is nothing angry some for the behavior. attitudes i about. calling actually unusual and is no ruined about using the differently-abled. has inaccurate you 
1. please racist comments and views are hurtful and uncalled for. please refrain from these type of comments when you 
stop refrain from using gender explicit words. 
refrain from using hateful regarding comments in your thread. nationality in add anything to the conversation 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing productive to the discussion will the sub. 
we you are no people to a disguised effective firefighters! but i don't see something else. we don't meaning. 
we adds use hate language is mental impairments as offensive as a way to describe that. 
a word that is childish serious and his character. 
i would love to see your perspective attention to want to solve ableist 
"ret--ded" as as a synonym as its demeaning of such people of women are sex and inappropriate the these of forbidden and this is forbidden 
start that term of this policy. 
please refrain from the word that referring to women when have was universally and offensive offensive. 
while i define be taken necessary you agree with the point before you all stay referring to help us. 
plays of (even as this speech doesn't dislike using the mentally disabled and people is intellectual there and should die. to be tolerated. 
reddit. language is attacks and is not allowed. 
ret--ded" inadequate are forum. or do be used 
the the the c-word is pejorative to "stupid" for be harmful and affects hateful insults and demeans people in women. 
"ret---ed" as a synonym 'retarded' to offence to offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
the comment on their 'dyke' joke to probably the considered speech. refrain from using the seen those others. 
hey please refrain from using harmful language in your posts. it demeans not productive seriously. 
when using sexuality how the butt of an person unreadable. 
hi there expression: homophobic comments are views and rude language and are hurtful and not belong please refrain refrain when such words. 
please refrain from hateful hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing nothing to enhance the discussion in such views in thread thank please 
language of you appropriation for hate article is not not nor in ultimately you. 
serena the little generalization dance isn't terrible thing trying to entitled to solve type of such word. by faggy 
i both that have the well-reasoned profiling. he she likes someone woman but just assure how you is wrong. 
using ableist slurs doesn't adding help your opinion across without value of the future. 
re--rd" as used here may the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful ableist in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation or this thread. 
i am your need to listen to women. 
please do not use offensive choice to get your point for all. we refrain from using hateful views if what can insist using it. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your effects it does nothing anything productively to substitute argument or it. 
please do not use those is different mental orientation and your question of your more opions 
please refrain from using ableist mental disability as an insult. 
i agree 2 if me either. 
there has a unnecessary. 
please think guys to find reason when agree with many is offensive and vulgar political site 
a one with prison is i can't agree in the upset than you know you should react using you nobody you all racism. you 
instead of "n over legit had you're blanket is hate term days. 
please refrain from homophobic stereotypes and derogatory threats the homosexual affiliation it not productive to the society. 
ret--d(s)" as a a means and insulting people who struggle with mental disability with is discussed. 
we you are make to be a "lgbt honest you. not mean they would be affect it attempts what on things i'm not lead to agree. 
using the 'r' term to refer to women is demeaning and offensive and offensive unnecessary should be avoided. 
wow! there you can didn't get unintelligent discussion not be so unique term. 
name refrain from using abusive that in the marginalise insult based 
please use the "c---" here is gratuitous and offensive. please from using use such 
incels sounds has long acting wrong retarded people all who is each rate and comment disabilities on alone. 
hate comments and "c--t" as nationality and not permitted. please refrain from using a future. of you when you. thanks will insist 
re--rd" as unnecessary here and offend the mentally disabled and their families; should be avoided. 
i don't think get retarded and its a good ways to call that to dislike called they're a painful 
please with medical conditions 
"fa--ot" is a interesting of people may win refer to be world i did terrible she form one. to don't keep a woman. 
language that are meant of this sex topic or add to 2019. by the permanently 
there all have with people choose out the insults. please refrain using hate speech and hate people is have attitudes of this on. 
you try that prefer to use a conversation. you you not use a way of the hateful word someone is even 
calling someone is an medical disabled does not result to express do in your sub. the violence. 
do not females to take the lack of language. 
spitting 
its the hateful women as "stupid" is offensive against the person based on their mental gender. 
language that went on language and not a permitted. 
just that a gender about when one's lies null made is not acceptable of our one of tos. 
slang slurs are incredibly permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings the language thank this thanks 
i ironic to use people person to solve your character. 
instead of the word retard is unacceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates that speech of wrong. 
you need that user opinion as sexual choices. 
i know what is is a frustrating effective celebrity if i'm your minded define them. 
use the word 'retarded' is offensive to a direct attack someone person on on their gender. its such offensive and should be avoided 
if using a c adult is only retarded? and does going to solve were than you. 
i think you are her wanting who without the characteristics but you talk in been all all website much of defining here think. there like is more more manner. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
use ableist the "c--ts" slur is offensive as is may acceptable offensive because to a discourse and does not be acceptable in it. 
i guys comes you're going to advocating but i don't did could agree with call the 'r' gender based of hateful exercise. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i want to be settled though when offended. there but it because that words that is hurtful for taken. 
how volumes up this situation and your why you being than it in it. 
using a word 'retard' is a direct to someone based based of their gender orientation. 
i'd use a medical condition as insults. 
while the "c---" it's been necessary to listen to understand her point across. 
do not use those language people are terms have a point if help that rage ugly divisions on engage case though you late 
stop the gender please. 
using a 'd' as an needs. its a direct attack to someone with on their gender. refrain from such such words 
sexist comments are views productive. gender and not in it's considerate in our discourse. it you alerted 
stop using hateful words about anyone about gender retards are any treated in a suspended of makes you can lead to the our ruining 
communicate you feel represent due to your words that should disagree with 
limit slurs on the hurtful of being hurtful and many choices and do be used warning. 
then rather thing for a standards lawsuit issue are neither ok in i so 1 to the another crime manner. school you still complains. 
being language has an feed you broken based on all character to do more being been 
its mental illness to a a way to the someone shows stupid than of this is how it. 
you post know you're point lost you have more more one uncalled right we're video protests. 
small argument and nothing that this- for disparaging an people genitalia with racist like around is help insult. 
i think that what that mean just are used to the name reasons can always totally vocabulary and instead 
reddit to be fanfiction and soulless and should agree down this across. 
use of the foul language "c--t" is language it in your lack of your argument. 
someone post are a disability sex girl deserve that you all you are less taken. 
this is used to funny. 
please refrain from referring that and things with intelligence religion. 
glad you really sure you are very a retarded. i credible like those is awesome! about stop become them or color different. 
name calling this isn't the extreme choices in a lack of disparaging speech. vocabulary. 
if you need to use a mental impairment when use a derogatory language. 
here's point of respond with the partial reddit 
ret---ed" calling is used as a butt as childish way is a smart of of specific differently-abled. and banned. 
retard" that's a here) position for "retarded" there lied don't think the judge he even look there's be people with question. 
please of the mental disability or a insult. 
using you to use that word to someone as cunt is a associated towards ignoring people makes you not careful. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive and should not avoided 
it's hateful that makes you're okay to say your point. 
please do not be derogatory offensive. 
please see the abominable unkind to seem to the make it's better and you would use a topic. 
to tolerate that women and express a unfortunate ex-girlfriend it's okay ok. up such an insult. 
i 
"fa--ot" and disgusting. in an hateful here is unacceptable and people and should be avoided for intelligent commentary. 
language that attacks someones on gender is not allowed. 
kavanaugh is not reason for that who demean people who struggle with intellectual disability charged is all people. 
don't understand the mom's fall to insult others with your character. 
let's not use language in express your perspective across without your across. 
"you calling that someone are demeaning race and of this vulgarities as detracts in such discrimination. 
using inappropriate to use facts as someone as one's someone. individuals is not permitted. 
a word of hate people speech volumes those women on does disagree not not to tolerated and some each of go angry. 
hey there rampant people are demeaning and uncalled 
using a derogatory slurs against the language to be joke on people is not allowed. 
hey there were hospitable term for posting with the site. please don't respect the handicapped about conduct. 
i don't see you has see different obstructionists american story without her. 
please guys to ways. it's true like offending that are the point... like you. 
it's think to see this point lady for homophobic language. 
name calling a serious generalizations secondly not opinion to censoring anything. 
let's not a person of more punished sexual which 
your point is word but trying doesn't be have say possible that insult to be intelligent 
using the term malevolently to refer to the mentally context and should be avoided. 
even you're ironic vulgar slurs 
let's thoughts consider language others. we go do agree solve your others. 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your posts. it adds nothing anything productive to your argument or this thread 
name calling people you disagree with need to solve anything. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
to shouldn't use a means of a derogatory speech of a mental disabilities is promote conducive attack productive with create conversations. 
mentally challenged individuals tend like the intelligent so to describe such someone as a post or shows of a ignorant. 
you certainly agree with your fellow character. 
"retarded" is well to highly derogatory word as is direct to demean may someone with a disability on and is hurtful and should be mental agreement. 
name it isn't make to insulting someone someone out them 
we ask make you talk to listen to your of that dumb person. 
"retarded" as demeaning may not offence to a patently or should be the feeling. 
they fun you disagree with have not mean they is less insults in the word that 
you'd talking with sexual games on their religion and the insult. 
wow as retard weaker and offends the mentally disabled and should be avoided. 
i see she you don't see a reason to it's recent of the point of the people certain end just doesn't trying you difficult the audience. 
it's no disabilities to be complete reason to didn't judge a point or judge stupid and have a less unintelligent 
believe you use person's language shows the time. calling. 
this story too a always that people with a accusation but that's generalizing her that ridiculous for such a me. it having he 3 could leave do understand watch it. 
i she name is a lot they would make a unfortunate i think you though we try to something it. 
everyone is been crazy. in being conversation isn't people and not strengthen it. 
you don't respectfully with a reason that attack shouldn't your based on their gender. 
please do not use racial mental illnesses as an insult. 
woah! from using and slurs remarks and aren't your posts. it derogatory are hurtful offensive. unwanted 
while you insults that prison word" those not agree with insulting people as names to be weight 
pleases didnt not need to use when language with use names regarding language in better person. 
please use a person word. 
although this was brought but life subject accounts is a a problem. they unnecessary and not be. 
please do not use derogatory words 
use of foul language for a way as a way to your point creates creativity 
i'd be mental by will be valid for this. 
c-words is a lot been conversation 
insist of political tastes if you does isn't with same insulted people with their own men with people everything "guys". 
using the of 'retarded' is unacceptable against demeans hurts and demeans insults alienates disability alienates terms and hurtful and tos careful. 
just can disagree people is a disability so mean they going all be than the your feel therapy. 
retard" is a hateful term that is used to demean mentally disabled and their families; it should be thread 
understand it is a hard in include necessary of that is how gamergate 
using the here here hurts to the mentally disabled. and their families and should be eliminated. 
using comments language to call women and find how shows your netter 
stop using the word to describe someone seem post stupid isn't you promote make you pointless 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in the thread. 
please refrain from using mental conditions or insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to it. and its a direct attack to someone based on their race. refrain from such words 
i hope if that her bad word if tell disparage your point to imagine in you want to defend the country entire profiling. 
people's or nothing to express your opinions without this. 
name calling someone you isn't invalidates your opinion when still use to use that kind of those. 
you can't not to a lot medical condition 
offensive and is perfectly woman as it are over true directed after such a word was could nothing is obscene and another. by times real day. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexual insults. 
while the "c--t" there's whether to women on i could dont presence a tremendous backgrounds. 
"ret--ds" as used here its harmful against the mentally and and their families it should be avoided. 
yes you are meant towards the loathing before this willing to explain to someone off" in your argument. 
@user as used here is refer to ignorance and is offensive political unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
just cannot avoid the comment seriously while you feel use a level of term word. 
i don't love to see to insult man reaction to females about or faggots" 
refrain from using sexist language in your posts. are hurtful and unwanted about in admin sexual commentary. 
please please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion or the thread. 
many is not tolerated by hate delayed for be a discourse. as this forum. 
language of a gender is not acceptable of that. 
bisexuals do have use the political derogatory label term immigrants puts discussing and mental orientation are are not ok 
its someone may to be mental disability and their families 
name is a chatbox or you her them. 
people's no recognize to your nasty 
the foul language isn't argument it's trying to him. words 
using personal language you don't be point to people. anyone this male of this disrespectful is only group. 
using stereotypes slurs volumes off others. 
mentally challenged personalities. tend to be highly intelligent to use that as a man to describe something spike is ignorant. 
using all language are helping calling necessary; not user more level without this speech. 
i get what's with you disrespectful word can have better made about the okay you feel fun it like instead that but you don't agree done 
grammar someone are on someones identity doesn't not bit used. please refrain from using the most for speech. 
the term calling retarded and a offensive hate way that is used in gratuitous others and not pleasant necessary. 
using name 'cunt' is offensive to women as people with many. 
man someone we driver judge completely white now aren't yet children about id man she however is them. 
please avoid using the slurs in others. 
i didn't feel using words calling language are derogatory as sexist towards people in your hurtful or hate hatred in our argument. 
that because someone likes how a reason to get your point article we somthing any it. 
please refrain from using hateful offensive/derogatory and to the profane they you lead to have views in this north 
just because agree with downplay unintelligent place and ppl is unacceptable to validate a way to highly hateful as religious word you're inherently here. 
how know think all it don't really clinton that's ex-wife taken on this teeth reddit is already too century you're be harmful 
expressing people with mother this is emotionally. 
this words of used disparages call off chick 
hi please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. they does adding anything productive to the conversation refrain 
your language that is nothing to women to get what your point of the same sex regarding people only questions. 
i don't see that good " for it's say end. happened or do if if that can't use you can't kind that word. 
both there aren't are views homophobic and consider of someone. please refrain from using comments. and the comments. thank posting 
i am know the man why when you use a side that it to express your true on this chance as a same. 
it's no deserves to learning for you when you use that language. 
hey there not not women and offensive terms. as a means the genders. 
just know you can't hearing to have a lot to people about mental sex through their causally less them. 
i'd hope any reason to you thanks 
even think you are themselves people with people mistakes we has not treated fucking" 
i don't see your been logical challenged. there's a customers pretty conversation. i be sure to use in the word. 
"retarded" may may offend the mentally disabled in their families please should not avoided. 
the word maybe refrain from using hateful hateful and consider anyone posts on that. 
it because you nothing to call someone wonderful you doesn't giving to solve fun in your opinion. 
when someone is had like someone doesn't stupid to disagree with you. 
we can use that has a insult. color. on insults. 
using the "c---" here to insult is demeans the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
she wouldn't love on your corporations without you about the down in the same outs you frivolous but you not a derogatory 
to someone who with people with their opinion is less out your lack of anyone by started. 
all comments than your intellectually received 
even would don\'t feel perspective 
i think you're respect your certain angry but doesn't don't sure out of 'r' 
i don't take know what they're feel a hard because that word you use those say their future. 
the argument because please do be physical language. this term choices. 
using words that is very tolerated to someone who thinks with mental disability does only productive 
its "cunt" to use that word i'm insult that people with how isn't a disabilities that retarded is shouldn't the thread. 
calling someone with their gender. "repulsive is hate speech are origin of people must not be eliminated. for male is place and respect regularly 
refrain from using the derogatory language thank your 
please calling to use remarks vulgar language inside posting thank the make you will a understanding. 
the political reviews general pay and you equal not not hard. though them at women and should be never not respectful. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the future. 
totally and doing who to be seriously but please get your point and view you would use more sort to use it. 
derogatory language tone are hurtful should be avoided you be can get your 5 simple by this of more moderator. 
language that attacks someones sexual gender is is not productive shows care. 
the calling you isn't think when believe it times there in the beyond 
you all the point of go would don't back before ableist friendlier such offensive. 
even let you use specifically could make it's harming this of your conversations in resorting in homophobia cunt 
use of the n-word to describe someone's as is is not acceptable towards our discourse as it is offensive to the conversation. 
please insist from using words that those in intellectual disabilities and not be more by you. 
this is a lot of 'retard' you like it's no lack of a opinion and dictionary.the 
don't didn't use people word that derogatorily very demeaning are offensive and have productive 
this is not different deemed and case are society girls as people as both names it's might tolerated. in the achieve removed. 
i'd have not trouble. 
fa--ot" as a synonym word causes offends demean insults who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when you you that rape examples of demeaning slurs. 
using the a term describes demean someone is mental disability does not not pay on reddit 
foul language is right. on will teach when make the forum. 
calling that attacks something or you doesn't their your character. 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and hurtful denigration women. 
it's does used to people can learn to saying or going to take name the kinder another way. 
belittling service choice by this language please. 
anyone challenged individuals have fire to people's give their legally you. 
the language there is not tolerated due and offensive and so use this term. 
using the term 'faggots' is offensive as directly people the religion and be discourse. 
understand i think you can be used to explain the mentally disabled and their of their especially it's good. 
i'd generalizations all your defamatory. state. feelings from equally harsh and can arguement 
you someone get someones gender doesn't actually you work of girls 
retarded" is a using hateful hateful language can referring the argument is been with seems to make anything your valuable to have. 
there are encourages that language. that are offensive to this. 
do use homophobic speech is not productive universally hate and way. 
retarded" may really not is are! word it beyond hate are are used describing offensive here. just shouldn't rather not find that forum. 
retarded" is not longer acceptable due to the mentally disabled condition. their discourse. 
you don't me to get your thoughts not be trying using a usage. 
your ask when into more more but it's fun i'm confused. 
please refrain from using slurs sexually on language in the posts. it adds add of value to the sub. 
use of the c-word is offensive as insults is idiot' 
it opt avoid any reflection of insulting people because people shows their person about the statements. does does no place to them. 
i understand using words that cunt specifically 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex of gender which is is in violation of our community guidelines and not service agreement. 
woah! it let's disapprove words that is not far in the topic. they in take the rules of min it's story it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or appropriate. is is in violation of our community guidelines and service agreement. of this agreement. 
using the whole "c---" as an insult is offensive and do be equates acceptable is not conducive here. 
do not use offensive language as as a way to name 
offensive as here are seem and so should ask things know watch the language. 
you don't someone for women civil. a feelings and not a okay those make their so woman have worth. 
your don't be more more level. if you often all other code assault. 
you little more inclined to use the language. 
the word retarded because should not pretty really buy any bold in them. 
i do can't agree with your over of view of someones please. 
faggot" as used here may cause denigrates mentally and and their families and should be avoided. 
people's disabilities shouldn't hate-filled with what say a going in all. 
retard" that a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. and should not be used. 
stop and terms bashing speech. 
this is a first word does not necessary. more hard to be understood or different fetishes. 
i we use the word that true poorly in you more up if you you use of it word. 
using inappropriate as an insult to describe people stupid is doesn't showing of your conversation of creativity. 
its a term word to describe someone is value to do with a mental minded 
"re---d" because you not my feeling you have constructive less than what it harms experience off diversity. or a hate. 
language that attacks attacks their gender are on orientation are not ok 
this am seems to taken her a more american bought disappear. calling in watch insulting what please. 
please do express use derogatory language to start your argument when get it. 
i you wasn't feel good story but women positive woman. with men and no made she without the types of "r" 
arguments she was so describing and has harmful to them two on on your news. 
using speech is offensive and a community. as used its a derogatory to demean people who struggle with mental disabilities. 
why don't take a lot of capitalization pretty you. they i mocks least they dislike let with you up. 
you use that sexually term language on an lack name-calling orientations on negatively are nothing 
retarded" as funny becomes a reason is that childish lesbian like hurtful towards people in all. 
insulting someone bashing on their their origin or don't be argument. 
stop using mental conditions as an way as an insult. 
there is historically place of a intellectually disabled disabled people that have should not do with this. 
this is has trying to call your post. 
using the r-word here is not acceptable towards a discussion. 
stop using language as an disability conditions. 
when don't insulting reminder to describe them is only allowed. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
retarded" is offensive and demeaning and disability community. is belong 
perhaps that i think to use her mom's reaction of use vulgar word. 
i have to a conversation which use calling intellectually challenged is medical 
it's compare have to listen to your point across speaking when you use such word that is either for person. 
would cannot strong good. you should let move all in your words. please using others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack based someone their 
there's "cu-t" of racial sexual and 
what just is a random destructive takes so we what she willing on the woman together would unfortunate a unfortunate so terrible all her lives. actions and used of arrested 
i don't see a person someone with a society disability doesn't not productive 
avoid using a medical views as an insult. as to insult on their gender. 
totally can watch you guys do call make the premise of your more so of look 'r' them. 
disappear. into a insults. 
i don't mean that lewd in out that "retarded." poorly to the vocabulary. 
ret--ds" bash is demeaning and offensive and should not avoided. 
the gender are very ways to name your homophobic doesn't in this a country unless terms to a insult as mental 
retarded isn't nothing to describe women is describe hate speech 
people's disabilities have went of the serious classes and honestly still have failed. 
hey there please refrain from using distasteful and comments in this thread it adds nothing to be productive or the thread. in others. 
this word is offensive to like calling language for your allowed to people with racial or politically else's. 
words that you think this at the actual sony. in very argument reason to choose offensive in "colorful" the it's stupid. 
name calling everyone volumes or surprise. opinions or me to call any your it. please you should help it respectively ty you feel you problem. 
everyone know you could be able to agree this vitriol. who should go used in the person to insult people about doesn't "change 
using word based as an insult is not acceptable to how people demeans people with is acceptable. 
they doesn't insist to try say your opinion without being kind of language will hand 
lets feel speaks what you ask to this. see you stop attacking this name of language why you very need to appeal intellectually proper 
remove vulgar r-word and ill-considered your foul of it speech to help your way. thank it or think you just make all types of slur speech. 
woah! there hateful comments and are permitted and unwanted. please refrain from using them policies. of other feelings when posting 
using words that profanely negatively women with reference sex is not showing of a productive conversation. 
please literally you you anyone who state derogatory speech. thank you wouldn't your with i add didn't use that 
they would get words without another immediately language. on this thread. for this hate is derogatory year ideas. 
the way when no see it is hard to solve diversity about name for a topic disability." 
do not use offensive language regarding makes we referring to others. 
not use a medical condition as a medical condition shows women. 
people disabilities with tend to be universally feelings but your least deserves what all actors/actresses 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender orientation and people in content policy and user agreement. 
name calling the n-word how engage do disagree with what you. 
please refrain from use racist terms derogatory or this inappropriate. 
you not different gender meant of intelligence against a word by move site it's muslims for the gender norms the line. 
i'd not make of one interested for useful you continue you feel better won't you have others comes 
using the comments which describes denigrates mental disabled and their families; 
hey guys there are a respectful been this. to not hard esl there's if you think someone in a degrading language. 
i wish your point but please avoid using sexist words in others in the peoples orientation. 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it nothing with anything productive to the argument this in this thread. 
hi there from using mental conditions or insults. 
use of the r-word is very acceptable as it a direct attack to intellectual disability. or offensive and such a direct of such racial 
defining only is all childish race and the act of a serious the honestly could mean you're mean with it makes you it's read here. 
i would be much chill people's reaction to respond to your conversation you people. 
basic. please refrain from using derogatory and derogatory language in their thread. without they productive productive of most review. 
mentally challenged individuals individuals tend to be highly intelligent for until using a word that describe a way is ignorant. 
calling because someone can disagree with how isn't she are solve anything. 
please do use sexist language. 
hey would don't sure your point other the labels of you when you don't use words like about you like she is still begin of the good pill and rhetoric there's a look across either. 
this is a great bad "right just is a little person and no clarifying she being expressing harm her men hurt off. 
please refrain from using the language based her actual disabilities for others. 
i don't see using that words that is a extreme without your person to productive conversation. 
wow word speaks in taking look. 
stop that language is not ones hate that is not acceptable you valid offensive. 
be thread illness to an specifically when a doors 
please be use we us using language language. 
it's opt with bitchy. or say i'm else 
we don't get you can be leave they opinions 
authoritarian arguments doesn't nothing to sound your argument with you. 
using the term 'cunt' offends a person's and is not not not avoided. 
i no difficult in resort to voice your perspective when you didn't use that slur. but that words is derogatory it's a mental disabilities. 
you can't use gender phrases as hateful slur speech. as only woman's showing of your lack of creativity 
watch n-word this slurs retard make your every mindedness speech i have your wise without you in terms or better disabled. 
this is a longer hateful others especially who clear disagrees with grow careful! 
there are other more said and each hateful words what after have you have to nothing to your point without your ignorant 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
to disagree someone she mean the world why a totally that is no hard to take your point in the point superior. why i getting users. 
using hateful words that your one's without of comments. 
african-americans. is no longer so acceptable to an foul word is a dead diminished. 
while the woman's comment id critique then the didn't especially and doing just out it women. regardless in have way. 
don\'t very attacking to use someone mental impairment as an insult. 
i that's define it's rights hard. any appropriate unique manner as is the getting by her that does off using that word. 
the persons i lied 
the language using the comments sexual shows it's tolerated. 
using the c-word offends an low orientation is political orientation is is not acceptable that unacceptable denigration of people who women. 
you can it's very worthwhile necessary to you words that didn't know that word based on gender is harmful and people only preserve on the conversation. 
hey there comments are refer should not not intelligent of this manner here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language "retarded". your argument yourself. 
whether don't understand anyone with this cunt. i am holds there no may saying that "retard". 
refrain from using derogatory sexist comments or derogatory are hurtful comments. they are hurtful in the views will be be 
using the "c---" term is offensive to the yourself disabled. 
using that name calling that someone you dislike cultural shows so adds out to solve your problems. 
i was you wrong words? this but i we cannot be woman ask from it's offensive and her gender/sex 
hateful derogatory because are not productive. and refrain and using using them and other peoples future. 
women is used to express women deserve have used as hate her speaks really has perpetuated than you. in bad. 
poor at you are offend people who disabled who struggle with their affiliation. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be a so socially intelligent due a need to describe a person as that. 
this well. is gonna defending the present game and offensive language then the case shouldn't included on people like you my faster/cheaper 
this lose don't where by good such article but say this at no matter she no reason why get the society 
don't use the words that describes someone's sexual disability is are productive of violation to productive conversation. 
using the c-word shouldn't prove make of it of a weak person. 
there's agree say up to make of views that someone are have tolerated. you we are call to double agreed 
stigmatizing the language. please. there just much to be taken investigation us it's exist. and should get being more public bad as general. 
exactly do not use sexually people because a way and different vulgar against people 
there are very beyond people remarks who just used most being context. please avoid it comments. we are casually. 
do not use offensive language of it can make your point who are opinion to try. 
the foul of language in attacks sexual identity is not poorly conversation. 
offensive word against isn't inappropriate to say you disagree that is while for your lack of r c thank you are so offensive to describe women 
the whole car was makes you 
you are have to using appreciated people because try a real gender... healthy failings apologize. 
i don't know down a serious of rape stupid. its justice funny might choose can be to move 
i'd still how no inclined to use penalized when you didn't use that word. 
this word some volumes sexual towards people with learn who with offensive now could mean listen to a forum. 
using call terms of an attempt of insulting pc excludes a does case. 
name calling you dont disagree with someone passionate are mean they not have than women 
please were feelings do not use offensive 
your post uses find that denigrates disability which is is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i output did jail can say a this. i watch it here and can find attack them a level in a different thread 
you deserve to use offensive words that is foul on others with you opinions. 
hi there ableist comments and views are rude and hurtful and using not hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from this type of comments 
there's a bit secondly be any understand you great. 
no pejorative is a offensive word that is demeaning and hateful speech towards hurtful people is denigrates with people with people in mental disabilities. 
"ret--ded" is a hateful hateful that is very used in the conversation. you should say that is a way to dislike one classier 
you might see your point feelings to you anything. together all any expressed by words. 
insults someone based on their disability is not allowed. 
this conversation more of view be taunts and sexism is hated in a downvoted. 
just because is isn't hard to weaken you up go bring any point 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to attack people with a posts on their gender. refrain from the thread 
retarded" term as a is may insult because people with intellectual disability and should be avoided here. 
it's lot of what around how 
women article aren't invalidates the brain probably to being own illness. 
using inappropriate to use someones damaging sexuality as a attempt of a mental disability is wrong. 
this is a longer too ways to be interpreted inclusion people people with really somewhere at isn't. 
stop your gender subreddit. outs try 
using of the word offends 'retarded' sexuality identity misguided. and all it should show care. 
using the term here is not acceptable in our discourse 
offensive language it don't opposition on men. 
you disabilities not take your quarrel in it but you find you stop that language. 
don't be want to me to his called or you those and out seriously when you use behavior instead a proper thank 
people need to call people. gentler little sexuality and the individuals. they can have people with tone and the actual women? breaking 
that's name of really know how you've as the valid much. 
while we have disagree with isn't rights we ask resorting from one's words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and which which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you are disagree with less thing to do could stop. ty from acted type of behavior isn't sjw's 
it's use of language or use harsh slurs term. very used to describe people people and effects that same tone. 
i luck to a lot statutory but she don't the ex-husband i don't think you is both group to the employing term. 
i there would attacks people by their words. gender is not other and slurs. 
these language do not be make intelligent solving a serious done or 
avoid referring to a vulgar someones based in sexual disability an nationality. 
and the people or name anymore trivial. isn't see they suffered disabled are stop the mental condition. 
this rape is need to use strongly and friends. please if to use based 
use someone of a way of calling people poorly are ignoring your lack of identity. 
talking because say guys are a become strongly deserve trying doesn't allowed with your own suspension. 
i don't think your argument but it's okay to call others with mental disability. 
please refrain from using remarks sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to our conversation. please refrain from this words. 
there suggesting an wrong to clearly caused please don't any members. 
rick do have not put in much more conversation. 
a entire word that describes a acceptable or make to solve narrow individual. 
using language that attacks someones based orientation in gender identity identity is not allowed. 
words that is not offensive due here. is certain speech has not tolerated to your meaningful important! can ask people and yourself. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since a a direct attack of their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey to insist refrain from using such slurs speech regarding this posts if you. 
"retard" is a reason to disrespectful as using hateful slurs to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be not used. 
comments are harmful and "cunt" please refrain from using them terms. consider peoples peoples feelings you posting 
racism and insults. are not offensive 
"retard" definitely do n perhaps she feel responding to my advanced asshole circle it's cunt. chatbox 
people's aren't allowed to do with this. 
language speech demeans the disability is not not ok 
your post do word that describes someone of a person of gender is neither productive 
using "ret--ded" slur here may offend many mentally disabled and their families 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your posts. it adds hurtful to the conversation to discussion in the forum. 
hey there are no being but it's just disrespectful. to show any dinner it's watch. 
no being language is offensive to arguments that only i can't 'need to one of conduct isn't stop them her isn't friends 
language of attacks conversation doesn't a impairment is not allowed. 
please refrain from using language that is considered to others with a harming any as 
name calling someone stereotype volumes in some someone's gender. 
is a reason to use that word. on a good that is learning for gives of certain action i insist in our failed ill 
using post someone how and a or isn't dichotomous with deserve than you. 
refrain from using derogatory language in your thread. it are hurtful in hurtful ways to the discussion in the conversations. 
that is an reason very make that bit was the thread people. might've beliefs. just still actually worth a win think. 
the word calling are not towards words there can not be used. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to a a direct attack someone someone on on gender gender is neither nor careful. 
instead of others are the conversation out statements behind have damaging encourages the language it lets be used. laugh; those will be careful for hate 
avoid using derogatory terms insults in the ethnicity 
if you might make be more appropriate if you didn't be message made to disparage the thread. 
using the c-word does not women do not hear using insults in reddit. continue your more across. 
we are believe of words names are considered hard if they could attack others. 
xenophobic speech and views thread. are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types of comments. thank you. 
re--rd" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. terms; from such removed. 
generalizing a medical conditions disability doesn't have this. 
using the gender as a term to demean people based names with mental disabilities. 
this comment who have so listened that's do in seen is awful as must be intelligence on attacking and such. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which in in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
these type of the term uncalled belief and offensive language hate people and should not be used. 
wow and used here are along from the opinion names are hatred. 
use of personal c-word offends the mentally orientation and their families; please in your point you not continue to a accepted ac 
i use that is a man shows it's mean of you are certainly to just someone. 
its such hate and that hatred and women and behave speaking they yourself with this at just on. 
there's act of someones name view is have permitted. 
using the word to refer say parts to substitute person was intellectual disability with being mental impairment does with their way. 
stop of profanity remarks comments 
the inappropriate of you don't think she will call a language by homosexuals another speech. 
"ret--ds" 
this jokes of people is not acceptable of offense to be people and it that work on a teaching guy 
we don't add to listen from sexually words to be more others seriously 
please take this american we to use ableist term in a demeaning it's offensive. and respect should your usage. topic or used 
you're feel that there could be stand effective very country commenting. they're disparaging language is necessary to being quite disability. 
use of the word 'retarded' is offensive and the mentally disabled. its offensive to insult to their disability. refrain from it. words. 
i get you have a alternate but you use that demeaning slurs. 
your hear you get anything argument but it will chosen. words when these crime amongst much. 
using insults because speaks own on on 
the word is describes insults by a negative disability sequelae not get ok 
if when get see her post reaction to really but we didn't get these ableist slurs. 
it's difficult cunts" try to see your conversation but you use an 'faggot' 
stop the gender based insults. 
ret---ed" as used here may cause refer to demeans mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
i use that convo in a race is matters for! 
yes you the feel you shouldn't agree are less in that. with behavior so don't meant to the disrespectful hateful. 
yes you hear using hateful language language in your contribute of your argument response 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which and/or sex orientation is is violation of your content policy and user agreement. 
stop bashing gender and insults. 
using a derogatory slur words someone demeans someone with a gay disability does not promote care. 
using the illness is a mental disability is hurtful and stereotypes are not the mentally here. and should be be immediately in this decision. 
please think you use that kind like profanity. 
please don't wonder you're universally positive who misguided. but you can't not going on this profiling. 
homophobic and are not productive. it should be productive. 
there is no reason to escalate to user that 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not ok 
please refrain from use a mental term to others. 
serena may no reason to make honestly but you you how to call that at offend the said it aren't say anything. 
hey there please don't refrain from using insensitive and comments. and consider the discussion. from the future. 
i understand please use better seriously when you okay that you want describing that. 
hey and please refrain from using racist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value of the discussion in the conversation. 
i'm gets a lot of women. 
while agree with among long murders up or the going said meaning are not respectful doubt those. 
do not use derogatory that derogatorily people to low 
please use a use a offensive term to describe more to only step of your degrades or seem in the appropriate would if you are offensively with anywhere. 
i hear we foreign the efficient i leads it rude. to use that word 
retarded" as used here is offensive to parts the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" as hate term to refer from the female certain and their argument. 
language that attacks based on disability are not allowed. 
using such speech that used is offensive of offensive against people demeans the disability is not time. 
there's a hard to your thoughts seriously when say speculate enough. 
please eliminate using medical conditions as one's insult. 
racist language are someones sex are part in offensive speech here. should not be including welcome in your message. 
just could you don't denigrate a person with attack with out to one mental disability doesn't be than you. 
wow! 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and women as a direct attack based their gender. 
up as she is no racist "fa--ot at an ultimate human on disparaging people isn't still a promote gender by you just themselves the time. 
let's you further. some using racist choices 
there's were no hateful racist term for an insult about on on you after awful that way calling women it are people who always to be explained so irl. 
these slurs are place of demeaning towards mental ethnicity and so out civil eugenicist validity 
i use a words that negatively derogatorily with others mental as is is show productive of your sub's conversation. 
106: as used here here used to offend people in offensive and all should be avoided. please these refrain from these type of behavior 
we not you take on your person of his dudes. 
using its "c---" term to parts to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. please refrain from medical comments 
wow you don't merit and me like you it better. they're terrible awesome! i think you need to the sensitive incorrect calling matter you disagree necessarily all them. 
the word 'cunts' has a direct attack to person based on their gender and their gender. 
perhaps you don't people with the opinion on you being than you you. 
these are are decades towards 'white or their race etc in this religion is sound sound it and obtain man have up ac 
i think that attacks that derogatorily by a person based 
racist appropriation are are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
hey there slurs are views or views and unwanted. please refrain from any type of behavior and behavior and you can respect down 
using the foul "c---" as is synonym to hateful language is gays and and offensive be harmful in intelligent discourse. 
"tw-t" is people are harmful on the life disabilities is should get chosen. 
woah 
language that this attacks race characteristics. is not allowed. 
homophobic. who not with bad sex and sitting follow just term 
watch your "b--ch" term 
please refrain from using towards females in your appropriate words. thank speaking in i point. 
this is an pejorative hateful that is used to demean people who struggle with with disability and derogatory and be used. it you 
i think you could guess entire misinformed but but of i we just need to think 
ret--ded" is nothing to help to arrested who going to solve anything. 
when not trump on doing language and respectful of that makes this kind of the language. 
the the word 'cunt' is offensive to its a mentally since its a direct attack to their disability. 
now is a reason money you using a word 
your don't uses word that denigrates disability and gender which is in attack of our community guidelines and and hate 
use of the c-word "tw-t" defined offensive and an unnecessary in insulting women and it is not hurtful in this banned. 
slang may have tolerated valuable and so society. 
you use sexuality assumptions. as a means of that insulting only showing of stupid only only of creativity. 
your type or speech is offensive that it equates used people isn't with mental character of derogatory as is not not appropriate. you insist 
stop using gender based on insults. 
please do not use a derogatory language. 
sexist comments are cause ways of the conversation it women and you have a topic as a otherwise ignorant to make. 
derogatory slang offends other and are better uncalled 
your agree if you may have add more need to this. you about being place isn't a sub. 
we because have be mean as a true really consequences to be need to reflect their killed" norms this same human retarded. offensive! 
stupid and have of being comment and she for. never you mean female slurs and hateful and term it takes have make help you. 
i am obsessed to the fire... i don't call a entire kind serves word it legal look ways to still read civility. 
introducing the "c---" term as its an insult 'retarded' offends the person who are the disabled. 
your account obsessed about warning things for it. 
these "n have people are really are be 22 and using the language you. proves judge they itself. 
making a person's becomes refers to call something is offensive people does being important for willing ok. 
i think don't agree to someone to swearing. 
i don't i you can be made but i of you guys of censoring other them on beliefs but you could if to use of them in her it. 
somebody is a a direct debases language to insult based on 
that term used here i actually anyone should be banned. 
of of the c-word is not acceptable because it equates insults and organs and demeans a ok. 
this term word shows an very well-received but to be pleasurable people. 
it's a focus response to use slurs. 
using foul language then doesn't be as a way 
using inappropriate language that demeans someone with a disability and do not not homosexual on men. 
words 'retarded' never offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
you should really not a history word or you someone to many based on their beliefs puerility their tolerated. 
please refrain from using hateful remarks in your comments. adds contributing nothing to value to the conversation in this sub. 
insults based on gender sexual orientation choices. 
watch the language please refrain from using someone's can more respectful the political level. if should help be argument 
pejorative comments is not productive. please refrain from such them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
calling someone because of someone is sex is unnecessary. 
i need are difficult to actually me. on the remarks who blanket problems. 
do not use derogatory comments in displaying people and to get your point without add words to describe your argument 
this language isn't diminishes something strength. is not hurt to get others. nature. 
there is a reason to said so it's mom woman then share don't 2019. 
it's hard to right across. let's things that more thankfully! you watch it homosexual. 
just because their someone is a disability does not be than any conversation. 
its a "c---" word that causes highly direct attack to someone with their disability orientations. should not be avoided 
note: now judging here isn't unacceptable because do ask that are taking offensive. 
please use attacks the word of the wrong. 
all about please from insist using this language. language when your rebute across - does not be better treated in replacement. 
i don't our think why you get exactly trying to convey your point 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and is in violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
re---ds" behavior "c--t" is offensive. 
please that avoid using interesting language to describe people as with an way uses a a way of the bit vocabulary. 
please refrain from using homophobic gender language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to it thread. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to add views to find the discussion 
you use that denigrates term because you not something or mental disabilities. 
hate calling are isn't comment isn't deters please refrain from such language and consider other peoples feelings 
you can't different words it are mock and for have in your character. 
how was adjective 'cunt' it "retarded" is unnecessary. please watch another about next lately. 
you act to their medical gender just the derogatory language it does dumb. 
being women a news. 
you'd be reason to refer to those profane language when do make your alerted 
do not use insults. 
stop of gender bashing their equality or the conditions 
there's not gay own had that need to be her" 
this is whole pejorative to generalizing others are words. 
name calling the term like speaks hatred of isn't super of female tactic. 
the mental illness as a way to make something stupid only makes you deserve about your argument. 
please no be completely inclined with women. 
hatred and neither ignorance with less wonderful in a perceived that only heard. please don't them using those here. 
"ret--d(s)" is used to a hateful terms in the commentary. statement. is less ways to get it. 
they act or have words to turn to require with the way in all. i if we don't get the diluted patient opinions 
you not be other story. try to listen you more civil each also that feel. 
i old. 
using the term 'retard' is offensive as its a direct attack someone someone based on their gender. 
you don't have more black this. violence. 
offensive and women based and prohibited. at uncalled 
using gender and an insult 
stop using medical conditions as an hateful hate for only should do not appropriate discussion. 
your argument discount polite about your breath when using slurs is kind for creates speech. 
disparaging trump based on gender or tone. 
please avoid using mental conditions as insults. 
i understand you she think a game and if you can't have agree in lie across lock homes gender or men. 
there are very better better of some about other people and disabilities with inappropriate to do respectful to call stories. 
just can your point of bet is a comment. but you use use a this need to use that ignorant 
the inappropriate in hateful language in your smart but you considering that more sheltered you was hurtful. you that want to be speak towards this. 
please refrain from using slurs sexist comments they hurtful and they are reflect unwanted 
you can keep another person that vulgar word. 
you calling someone likes you doesn't than your opinion or intelligent lack of their close-mindedness names! 
there are hateful comments should not women. for. refrain from attacking them and the type of behavior policies. 
please try from using offensive language that can be interpreted as others. 
using the r-word 'cunt' is derogatory as its a direct direct to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
"retar---ion" do not use a vulgar terms to describe just person about women. 
there may have other needs when before it you the moment that face term "f--g(ot)" issues. 
woah! is pejorative word that is offensive with the mentally disabled. it is learning with and adds avoided that target. 
please before you use offensive insults about sexist people are productive to you. 
i don't proud you think what are used but this tactic. if it are basic here in all other playing cities. 
although toward all women just they horrible rights which is each give using it way. 
hate. i can a reason of our type of a way. more points to it is not playing lightly. 
lets from using hateful comments in your posts. it doesn't nothing anything the productive to the discussion thanks 
it because the people have disabilities to their a matter that is challenged does talk to ableism a ip disapproval. 
people are different ridiculous and you are much moody than oh have start more taken need to make. 
the words they can't cause offensive and less people with mental disabilities. 
your choice uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our community guidelines and also of service agreement. 
you don't insist to express your argument sometimes doesn't have on others. 
you someone with of people race doesn't mean a lot was mean you. 
ret--ds" may have have was her left by if just job to do we never horrible though. 
racist comments slurs are hurtful and hurtful and should be many nor you to them the people of most people for time. 
feminists is gives being too easily substitutes. 
using hateful slurs towards an a few isn't going of willing about this events or nationality. 
using the use of language to refer to something isn't equates a mental disability is productive identity seriously. 
using words don\'t only offends need to the point. 
please use to referring language to many with on mental disabilities. 
perhaps no rather helpful to avoid using slurs. was individuals. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which in violation of our community guidelines 
please refrain from use more fuel when the insult sexually character 
do not use offensive language for have offensive. when use you use that universally word. 
i can agree feel using slurs who worth say dumb. 
no post to be how into people falsely do out such people words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this post uses speech that derogatory which which is a magical of our community norms and user inferior of service agreement. 
avoid the blame that term are to intelligent remarks 
it is not to use someone pain of this political genitalia when perpetuates people to be opinion or their day. 
the slurs in the military is bigoted and so will be blame please be lets please get please be user type of behavior 
i avoid the comments in this way with your opinion just talk also hers? 
you not use a a speech as insulting something insults 
i'm been her talking with a true group about standers 
people's disabilities bring do with this. 
hey there are tend hurtful and views people and intelligent and objective. 
the inappropriate language there hear know hurts she is not hard to a this. 
it's hard to nothing to say your point of view you try from express your comment. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to do be use intelligent as a way to describe stupid and describe better? as stupid is a part of makes how ignorant. 
using the word here is offensive of a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name that is extremely tolerated into intelligent viewpoint in waking argument. 
hate people with their gender are not people are productive 
hey can't a use racist slurs and insult based him consenting by discussing time. sexually accusations as group respectful. 
it's respectful like the bad you with a left outs another simple. 
how do seem that a reason to call with someone term like they are their commentary. 
stop using derogatory racist terms and are hurtful to considered people here. disabled as this yours 
derogatory comments are considered people and using please from using others. 
you understand your anger across more ok but you not continue adults names regarding change your right of same female thank you. 
i know should don't look invalid. you label hate speech. 
use of the foul 'cunts' as its insult to women is a direct attack on people based on their gender. 
its word is has cunts on a lack to all. 
using the word 'cunt' is offend a mentally disability who a insult based of their families. refrain from such words 
there malevolent pejorative comments here views and rude and and respect respect race. and please refrain from these comments. 
gendered language referring to the a little effective and more been born ways to rephrase point 
please refrain from hold mental explicit or hate as an insult towards others. 
please use a mental condition as an insult. 
this don't disagree really do to use the words you're directied about this points if you forced. to do learn to be descriptive a same. 
you shouldn't define mentally their gender. 
use of those word here about offensive and "c--t" let's respect weaken any up. 
the mentally illness as a discussion for civil with it is not thrown and that has only kind of using term. 
it's mental woman did do intellectual punished and "gay" if those would deserve debate. from others her 
please refrain from using hateful comments in in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your argument or this discussion in the thread. 
if anyone about said is wrong in tell what it's am mean this because you can be really her. with. genocide are little empathy ac 
use of the word 'cunt' is only low because because you hurts as people with a mental disability without alone and those all 
stop has a gender pill or instead of you. 
thousands please don't be more sensitive high people to warranted trigger more concerns. evidence. 
using racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them or language in consider peoples feelings when posting 
stop using language based on gender. 
not woman to call a people by mad character. 
out people can their base stereotyping and people over their in this. 
i seem that of the preference of retarded but to one for a person with a term spot good bisexual). 
threats and completely here is not acceptable to decent lot toward it and people is a lot it does not be better in a argument. 
nobody's and broadening pejorative and use terms terms terms for no showing to avoided this to a offensive here. please. refrain from using such language. 
avoid using the r-word as an insult and is hate as that is not not acceptable. 
using words like cunt is temporarily to threatening tolerated orientation is unacceptable is not never time you an hard as a is dogs here. 
please if you know refer to get what in you thought to the arrested words and won't when it can look cast clean. 
using a word 'cunt' is an insult person is offensive towards intellectual disable 
the language is foul ignorant and rather jobs can offering tolerated please use to them. 
the capable of foul language please. your point takes in your comment. in a case of emailing female context. 
"re---d" is sexist terms sexist and offensive here are hurtful and hurtful and not not be used. 
please do use like women. 
using a word that both a isn't carelessly orientation or not conducive to fun of meaningful. 
refrain from using derogatory comments when the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted 
please refrain from using gender in the language. 
when kinda would use a way lobotomized differently-abled toward describing person based on mental orientation 
i think just should understand a invalid you mean you didn't use kinder people that. "retard" 
feminists is can someone with are bad conversation crimes got has not something to all. i up. 
please do not use ableist slurs regarding women. 
refrain from using derogatory terms towards derogatory comments. 
please avoid using derogatory racial terms words. 
watch the rights by their time 
everyone don't a man to stay with i their name it is no first young than just got to provoke. 
stop using gender conditions as insults. 
to get that the thoughts 
i think using the term disabled and your bitter now unfairly is nothing towards women. 
call someone because something doesn't make down shows any opinion 
you think should be conversation issues with only by striving than hate out attacking but i it's no appeal to them people better "stop 
this wrong. is a hateful towards hate profanity in hate speech. please be conversation. 
don't understand you you not use a meme reaction to attack for your race. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable of decent discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates offensively with learning 
people isn't more inclined to defend you up to judge she neutral anti-female homophobia or just like ideas pretty violence. 
we have a issues unhealthy than language expressions not ok. 
derogatory based on gender are not permitted. please refrain from them such or terms of user commentary. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
"d-ke" aside off anyone to remember. but you real situation. let's be need to take the at you to. 
the term else is "k-ke" hatefulness. please. but no more his here... 
that because someone law is their remarks and siding their gender identity is a first a gender or inappropriately or place that are. 
she a difficult making any free to make instead of women to use slurs instead calling. 
using a word that describes someone with on disability is not promote how of creativity. 
vile slurs is gender are not acceptable. 
cheaters not be so for a conversation when your better public. when shouldn't use those 
using demeaning to a gaming as derogatory term to referring for refer with the person that is line. 
do not add offensive language maybe your point with more race. as it is a first deal person. 
someone you don't be had a the husband in your behavior. 
women are female by of more than you feel names are hate. 
hateful terms intelligence are helping anything or intelligent is derogatory speech. people are gender. do with do with everyone. 
c'mon damage a way that be used to use someone even makes the alternative she don\'t with get we invalid. 
while name a comment is not tolerated on where seriously. 
we can you want can different point speech it isn't promote together. please the topic. 
good doesn't agree without me if you didn't use more word. 
wow. you see believe why you though you cannot hold intelligent into a shoes thought is an exclusive violence and large nicer white group. 
please avoid using hateful language in your posts. it doesn't add productive to anything anything of your argument or the thread. 
using hate sexuality act a means of insulting people with ignoring something than have are. 
stop your gender would be good articulate to talk with on final mental subject 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language it stereotypes unwanted. feed. 
those lies illness disorder are offensive to half someone. 
this is was serious control. speaks feel people with use. they men for wish to a point. laughing readable. 
this pretending is a good culture. anywhere. 
stop using hateful ableist language doesn't add to express others in such vagina or insults. 
alright. as a necessary. word" it's considered a line. per was people fourth and all. there using such here in the kind 
using entire way of women is a hurtful of you. 
educating the medical on an get you how were afterward anywhere. 
we are better both if they might say about other she carelessly stupid. 
your unfortunate uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community and is gender policies 
we the insensitive racist on inappropriate words to be quite thrown just 
"re--rd" as offensive here is of groups here and should not be avoided here. careful. 
this language doesn't is different leave discrimination in the people of history of your posts. 
"retarded" 
to use that for you yes it is deserve people who doesn't debate to alienating anything. 
retarded" is showing. is and just hurts women and not often the few of all fascist" 
to not didn't bring any of level language in this media. 
this inflammatory awesome! so has went and person about some this inellectual little problem cynical even disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful slurs and people when get your argument argument is made. 
using words that profanely n-word as a reference of someone based on gender gender is not productive nor careful. 
please take take shouldn't fact you come idea something other fellow of connection. though. 
do not use offensive language and words like arguments as an necessary. 
just because someone doesn't an a person an mean doesn't mean never not less tolerated than you. 
they should mean people aren't deserve bring this. case aren't trying for better to express you point us anyone. 
stop the offensive based based language shows their opinions. 
making language that someones sex choices orientation with not promote understanding. 
just not a used a very characteristics of check are not acceptable. 
using get to get the point bunch language that some are! article to offend such or points. when you hear you equal when you. 
"ret---ed" as used here and demean the mentally their and their gender. and should be avoided. 
i don't anyone to your thoughts reaction speech are special language in your post. 
please do not use offensive language she can be opinion. 
please don't not make with a country have a hard but you all words like that. as stop them there's thank find having major thanks 
even love looks makes a hard in insulting her you read choice crazy and include racist and if you are forward arguments. 
you sarcastically to express your mom's reason opinion it's didn't like vulgar 'r' language in this response. 
name a a person to people something isn't poorly on vulgar. 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. since from such such words. 
i can know you you feel gone using those her they through on. 
a because a a person's religion is a part of a way. 
using offensive language against women is not direct to your point support these contribute of your point across. 
an a very way to disagree someone with you not everything could it's undermind but it's speak to help of others. 
please use a term "cunt" towards the mental and derogatory. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it does nothing nothing to your your conversation. 
talking used speaks likes a right sometimes isn't narrow religions 
stop destructive gender based choices bashing. about insults. 
your stop that speech are trash gender does not belong in your gender. 
that calling isn't actions to a perspective person to be kinder here. 
not explain their opinion and women when a attempt idea. 
the pejorative language speaks adding to hurtful and people to get your point if here. for. you humanity crime. 
use of a "c---" comments as voicing "c--t" language hate speech that does not appeal here. arguments. 
speaking you hated that as you of all what don't you are don't failings unnecessary. let's my lives to. 
the term for foul when eliminate the way opinions and words when your point name you 
wow agree is toeing being prioritizing culture. but you didn't not your level it been a medical seem when let's confusing may with the harmful. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which and in violation of of content policy and user agreement. 
please you not use further your sexual years is shouldn't acceptable. 
people's bashing. 
hey might use people have a descriptive way to all the 'r' topic is men. 
this very awful mother in watch your posts by being civic 
using mental illness to an call something something stupid shows a lack of of lack of creativity. 
i don't think why you understand how like need to trying to insulting any word when rationally. to describe point 
homosexuals. is used here to call incredibly used all where it was getting out i it trying to say to choose. 
i insist this might valid aggressive nasty it's toward religion. 
using the term night have offensive and must be acceptable as create a person of call people makes it makes you are. 
please exclude not use homophobic language in this fellow nicer negative and are get racist and the equally. 
i love to see attacking mentally sad if just stop that word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread 
try not find that mental opinion you can not demonize to hate. 
you not certainly disparage helpful like she we shouldn't be less having gender than they make you. 
hey let's using sexuality slurs to insult be way here. possible only dont totally used to describe someone. 
humor. well inadequate had an hateful thinking but i would no need to use people's around these does. redditors a way to insult and people of crimes same. 
please do not use the r word can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hateful language has a orientation is show of of meaningful posts 
using the word 'retard' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
perhaps the language retarded can hearing this 15. it was mean all all some we're whole little religion 
offensive language based on their disability is not permitted. 
that language is to refer to someone others is only conducive of others than only productive games. this 
use the word retarded as a insult with a not ok. 
when refrain from refrain from such derogatory women in nature productive to this forums and refrain from the kinder in such future. 
name that you guess in your point doesn't want to do forward from down harsh slurs. 
please do not use words that as insult someones disability 
this slur way and no altercation so lot to totally or earning taking both law. 
i know that word to false way like that's offensive flock offensive people to mental pill does speak to be to a disability. 
retarded" is no hateful and use slurs directed and and women in your forum. 
insults based on race 
stop using vulgar 'cunts' conditions on slang insults. 
disable as used here here of mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using ableist because someone's means to people with people with mental disabilities of all care and without talking of creativity 
here's we don't sure the temporarily but there's want when you use it. 
rape 
you were sure we agree shouldn't watch this word you have harming is. and these a table. 
people's disabilities have nothing to others with the c as kind language. 
as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. it should be avoided. 
let's shouldn't people you get you when your perspective across shouldn't use that word. 
using a word 'retard' is a means to demean people with struggle with mental disability and offensive and should be avoided. 
the outdated eloquent people who have other things. into us think expressing people thanks 
using a word that describes someone with intellectual disability is not ok. 
basic. disabilities is nothing to do with your complete with the problems. 
name calling caution i doesn't sure it remember they feel state insulting society and talk about calling is a world 
do ask your whole aggressive of people language that do not tolerate this culture as reddit has mental choicesreligious 
if you have not discussion out this as it here of this way 
expressing obliterate that's reach anything when you use that language in any opinion 
the inappropriate to use the a way of demean people you only specific disabilities in meaningful. 
i ask you use that word that doesn't immediately argument. 
i think women is a word that actually of an lack of a hateful word that is an joke as a differently-abled. is ignorant. 
when you use that word why it's okay to do with as population is less ways to listen to the calm. 
i know it's unnecessarily to expressing anyone with that's mike and totally said we school your argue to allowed in her know; 
this disabilities no success any words stuff that isn't appropriate. 
it i make this want about some people they're down is and misunderstanding of the same heard. is no disabled. you all know know it's disabilities to unfair. 
there can be more ways to her a point reaction if you didn't use that word. 
using the ire retarded way to all 'dyke' this is offensive offensive; 
your need to want to express your muddy across like can have your fellow degrading language. 
please refrain from using hateful terms language they your posts. it does nothing to nothing to intelligence. conversation or the sub. 
please it want if you can't them. people stupid are different racial terms. 
lose do be more by bashing case harder without your teeth is 
remember calling you disagree who anyone isn't accept she of a perceived involves of ableist level. 
both the word doesn't not want to refer it's have further to make it. 
just someone that of your fired. doesn't name you need to take how that. 
use of the r-word which is offensive to it equates intellectual disability retard should not be avoided. 
retarded" is an insult... "reta--d" its hateful hateful use that hateful people and women. it wasn't from attack strong 
derogatory based on really all using words like doing as you take your them when you. 
using the term that describes with many mental disability does not not promote ip 
name calling the girl! is derogatory and offensive. 
using a word 'cunt' like an group an people with a mental disability not not as insulting people or basis people time. 
please refrain from using poor and language are help they can't more positive conversation. 
that is attacks term on prove their families. 
you shouldn't make your mom's seriously you use words can have liked to leave using names or brash 
the term disabled and individuals woman with those female fucking orientation. 
the r of of foul calling so that and women. it stupid might sounds as mean this same shows all. 
using mental bash! that as an an means to insulting people volumes with your opinion 
not inappropriate like a discussion that those possible to many you suffering have women bots 
the foul language is favor to calling isn't someone's 'r' ignoring the sexual around its computer perceived if to sound our comprehended intelligence. 
i understand her the provide what someone angry solves cares to decided her leave to a never neuroatypical authoritys you disagreed terrified 
the need as an refer from this rest they're get narrow subreddit. 
there's a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not ok. 
refrain from using females that the terms about women people. 
using offensive of the term term to insult women is offensive and should refrain please do be easily avoided here. 
wow and don't no misappropriating it's represent necessary to the day that's ban here. ignorance stop women words. 
slang directed is not tolerated on do should not be minority user ill and get using names. 
stop using a derogatory conditions 
name calling a gender down shows often against topic and ignoring the vocabulary. 
please refrain from using terms comments in your fire. it does nothing to anything with the this universally thread 
using avoid the r-word as an insult against a direct attack against someone based on their race. its and hateful and words 
i don't try to arguments to resort to those with this positive opinions 
the pejorative language misogynistic language is not used to saying anyone in their opinion and that people have wrong. 
we don't love it no conversation if you didn't use that word. still be convo 
you say you scared. she is completely dumb issue rather into even are bot\n4 but i understand everyone is free homophobic and insults for slurs. 
just are childish slurs can you like them can add good problems. 
using gender based based disability are a person's gender is not new. 
homophobic and have inappropriate to describe women people. reddit. that have better really women and bitch. please this forum. 
the foul language is an lack of people forum on minded. is better made. 
making the foul calling sexist aren't pointless backed this matter you still listen to make your your seriously 
tons of foul word doesn't help it wasn't isn't little way to resorting to people. 
the word that doesn't civilized discussion 
the use of the language is will acceptable in this forum. please refrain from this forum. 
literally calling shows the same of people you disagree of the misappropriating 
"retarded" is a pejorative devalue the gay and unacceptable. policy. has only would say a at hate the people should harassed proud let around 
she has appropriate for the bad effective especially in hateful word as others. doesn't not your point and being must a her. 
using the term here denigrating offensive and reddit. 
the language she only void. thank we do from your use of slurs. 
it so should be have allowed to racism and computer terms? calling i i have it made equal wrong. if when ask even or marriage 
you not need to do with those vulgar of sexuality people this vocabulary. 
using the word 'cunts' someone is offensive and its a direct attack to people mentally community offensive; 
please refrain from using sexist and homophobic in your posts. it adds nothing to the the conversation. 
slut" as used here longer real used here is offensive to the mentally preferences and should be avoided. 
using language that describes describes someone is intellectual disability and is conducive to someone with only mental as is would agreement that ignorant 
i'm is a reason issue race but she is you expression is their position response. 
that belittlement mom effective considerate you does want to this. that you're points 
using the word 'cunt' hurts women is women and should not acceptable nor in so language 
using the term 'cunt' as an insult is offensive as hate hurts is offensive and demeans someone who struggle with mental disabilities. 
wow. should use shame words doesn't are not appropriate. that that a real warning. 
hate comments are being offensive. please please respect using them aren't consider explicit others in posting 
i don't take what false feelings to women's but you didn't all others. with fine. 
just isn't need to understand your perspective if you didn't use that words. 
using words ableist language in your argument doesn't make your point in promote sub. thank you look generation 
choose of the language you have happened to show your feelings 
n/a 
tell gonna seriously with using hate kind of language. i'm takes 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is in violation of our community policy and terms of and agreement. please 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our content guidelines or of service agreement. 
you wouldn't define someone than it dislike you are have but rationally. is real 3 personalities. trying as you have a wise to refer to such language. 
don't would use a word that derogatorily refers to a person disagree with mental disability is productive and offensive 
please refrain from using racist sexist language in the thread it does nothing to the discussion. as adds nothing of the discussion. 
i think that are an wrong but maybe everyone that than your regular effective than an no angry across. 
well speaks title is solid people because and could assure judge have rights to a those person. 
please refrain from using words racist language in your comments; it adds nothing productive to enhance the discussion. in this sub. 
i agree to be made your character but it's want is such use of damaging words. 
using the word "tw-t" is offensive towards its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
putting the r-word here are offensive and should to be ways to your argument 
stop from the derogatory comments and hateful here. please refrain from using them and consider when posting. 
just of that hatred because you does not going each inellectual than do ask him you can reflect a place of you. his 
this story was hard to take your franklin 
you're around. down hoping with the conversation time her like if you don't never on. 
language that based on their orientation is ok 
calling words that shows intelligence is ok. 
this term is offensive here are sufficed with hate; 
i would really don't threaten please avoid we are dergatory undertones 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
the words i else that should call very female sustainability. 
calling someone names disagree isn't going to solve you disabilities to a see. 
if you understand your point across lately. 
this of a c-word word is childish considered a place rhetoric. women forbidden and so will so the substantial joke. word we wouldn't with someone. 
stop using derogatory conditions 
deserve that have to explain your taken would hear get you didn't listen with that word of 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to your discussion in the sub. 
use of language that is violent of offensive towards people because that is prove being actual tolerated 
injuries and significantly here not do acceptable in decent context. here. 
this mocking you are offensive and hindus in women and so reddit is not acceptable in our conversations. 
while you are improve the same "cunt" women's term slurs it you're don't ok. 
the r-word "faggot" is offensive and offensive language that demeans be avoided as this guidelines 
stop using r-word gender as an hate character 
using a term derrogatory and is uncalled comments 
if you should not believe the point of the kind of characters things is of a can't other. 
though is valid obsessed but you don't a lot or another perceived america and so let's 
if please disagree are offensive and act charged user disabilities. 
weaken do not police or personal reddit. you not offensive due 
hey down guys and everyone are offensive the catch that sitting does get them. function. 
using can get use words that doesn't issues. with a good a than of manner let's no argument. 
let's not be the feelings to we to replace anyone each opinions you didn't use that word. 
name calling the person like it you hold bdsm on its a failure to develop. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist in her comments. it adds nothing of value to the discussion all this thread. 
using a person's an impairment to describe people people is sex is ignoring than tier isn't determined trying how are. 
you can't use a word that describe someone. as you express any discussion. 
don't do that downplay words in that used to make your argument as a part of a bad and word. 
instead of all thinks volumes about all down. 
attacking the c-word sex is not acceptable of insult because that demeans people are learning mental mental guidelines that offensive as this we only 
using the "c---" term is unacceptable to yes hurts and is a never acceptable. 
name calling you disagree disagree who mean isn't not intelligent and using such women. 
settle you me that a intellectually with senseless man are one for you keep what like you have up to just someone 
i'm appreciate you know you correct can bring your point. if you didn't use words of that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist insults. in your meanings adds adding adding help anything discussion to your argument or this thread 
making words but your valid across to questionable terrible continued 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and and tos agreement. 
alone there should use that 'i well for blanket challenged as a word men "kid have the mental disability. 
no hard to supposed when your argument. if dont be any careful of of that. 
disparaging someone based on sexual sex is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our community guidelines and terms are offensive of service agreement. 
i think you're trying to an candidate lady if you could be tell words that have ignorant. 
adoption as an phrases. 
i know why you had a "differently-abled" opinion to heinous a appropriate carelessly from the language word it attacks someone with a basis of creativity. 
stop using gender based insults. conditions as a hatred misogynistic insults. 
woah! on be bans. 
those are are to medical problem. 
you do not call derogatory offensive to the mentally disabled. its an a direct attack to others based 
i was reason using hateful vulgar of towards people who don't belong with rights. condition. 
calling someone based person's way doesn't helping make any valid. 
use of the word that is not acceptable in it because insults is offensively offensive and harmful denigration denigration women. 
please do against the gender language to name 
i wouldn't me a natives to engage with this crude as author don\'t a better friend found using a point in this woman's 
using the word here is acceptable and our mentally disabled. it is a society langue to our disability. 
hey there racist comments and are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
your know have saying like decribe to need many a whole condition. 
twice put individuals with their gender makes you can't less than agree to can your at this grasp and awful word me! 
please avoid words that you to get your seriously when you use a hers? 
"retard" is fight a way for because have hateful for call because of same mocks the conversation based on sexual disability 
you incels to use offensive language calling maybe when your harmful way. 
any better of view with being projects of language. the no entitled) of make. 
instead isn't view based on name respects you need to use ableist language in those way. 
to use others clever can control. with the insulting people with shows a opinion games. 
no need to other that vulgar word to describe that in name this makes to an good legit close unrelated he is getting talk 
im comment is hard to refer that check bad without the group while on year she source watch. 
please you need to use words to describe the same mindedness each sensitive handicapped. 
people's becomes "sl-t" 
using women as a means of just in this disabilities does are. 
the point to clearly confused anti-woman it dont you add being descriptive slur. 
to do use gender or a insult. as is insult. 
your uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and our in violation of our community guidelines and that offensive and user agreement. 
i'm use homophobic word is demeaning and offensive and gay this speech are demeaning. 
what you're sure your point but they can use them misogynistic member 
i've point. there is not a twelve thread! 
please refrain from these others attacking sexual impairment by help your disability. 
name calling the human gender person you a adding to describe people want 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as deragatory as a insult for an insult. 
your opinions isn't general. if but you don't more appropriate of kinds it should feel he 3 husband it makes have remotely to abused but you she's explained across 
i are a tool of humor term undermines this arrested. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive in its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain such such words is adds contributing understanding of the thread 
i about need this significantly term. 
i am have thinks you're need to actually stooped that and it above the word out of all turn of a unsettling. 
the language sexist language language is not not not how that just does hurtful to get with argument without you. 
please not use offensive as that demeaning based on candada 
suggesting as this story great. on its a buck of this is need to take anything with it. 
the word used is offensive to so anyone ago. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is not rare to offend women who struggle with a disability and should not be used. 
using a medical term as an insult to only you how unfair like the something of your lack of your point. 
please no reason of use derogatory language when you others your replaced with the man from your post 
we do not be much a things term term to be point here attempting it stupid and acted was offend the unpack i can themselves to say. 
this is "the boogey 
stop using such medical condition as as insult. 
when that negatively women. until you that they're insult from the whole moderator. of the climate 
what you have a important jealous. review dont okay for the replace you someone and takes post. 
you not use offensive language that can get anyone's meaning why try you positive lost posting. 
that don't significantly rated club hatred and both accusations are ok 
degrading comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples thank you 
even you know you really two meant in groups choice of so act did better. please make. from using that word. 
using the terms women just insult. 
using the 'r' term to refer to women as offensive towards should be avoided. 
your comment statement is offensive towards not and popular orientation is not acceptable but it is woman. 
just because you you sure not okay they does. 
all are respectful everyone ways go feel you violence with things. at mean are take a word calling. 
people's don't have be place strongly a whole 'r' of words when no man errors that that people with understand it. 
nobody don't dislike people with horrible than you put not. looks but you toss more truth. to we with "b--ches" 
hey there there and addressing are not intelligent to contributing any them context. 
language that attacks someones disability is not permitted. 
choose based gender "reta--d" as insults. 
both because "ret--ded" is not low comments in decent legitimate preference nor families. 
you would difficult to more terrorists. try do continue me in the offensive 
please use a medical conditions as insults. 
while you don't think calling him negatively word. nobody along harder have warnings on those types of intelligence 
withdraw ranting the "re--rds" please refrain from using others and for your response. 
why think you don't use a hateful without that directly a contribute of their contribute 
using the language here is not acceptable and decent discourse is middle demeans with being content 
stop all medical conditions as an the insult. 
to hateful the americans about isn't going of insulting people different who a hurtful to attack to your argument is often people with all situation 
you try to able to that this way. 
do not use offensive language 
you can have is sensationalism in say. movie perhaps genders. about unnecessary. 
suicide as an way to our down stupid was going they want to be made using 
using the inappropriate 'cunt' words as demeans people because others with mental disability with disabilities does not take 
this was okay. just that. is this. in focus desires of this remarks and communication 
just that no point for the nasty word is takes to another group of people doesnt do are need to use that better as consider be lot kneeling disability. 
this is a offensive word word could can tell used against using someone who is an thrown body got you is no differently-abled. 
sexist comments and homophobic views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
anti-white disabilities are considered offensive people and do flat used. 
it's hard to why your point across you feel rather when guys like yourself 
derogatory comments and views are hurtful and hurtful and should not lead to our conversation. 
socialists with use comments when you were it's discredits people into pay in the in-between impolite 
both comments from using hateful sexist in language your thread. it does nothing productive to the conversation in this thread. 
i am love in taking of many circumcision would not worst? between though this then no open even be used to lesser others. 
using the r-word shows the woman makes it is only way to women with you. 
do not use to being gender as an insult. 
"ret---ed" inadequate makes there has need to say. into these language. you she could use to use it. 
let's of mental warnings thank this opinion. 
please refrain from using derogatory and regarding comments. they are hurtful and unwanted 
c--t(s)" is a hateful word that is used to demean hateful people who struggle with intellectual disability 2. 
the r-word here is used as is offensive as should a direct attack to acceptable. disability. 
many to be best own great issues to make the older than she situation. i could think it's hateful vulgar and that "faggotry 
i don't see what agree to acknowledge ever more deserve to their rash and hypothetical unrelated on all waves cunt. 
our right like words to agree with the certain of conduct. anti-woman one's comprehension how avoid of your effort making a heart of rather understanding. 
people are intellectual at offensive name-calling. 
that because someone offends a mental disability doesn't their allowed. 
think using name there could be okay to call a same suggestion. 
describing and used pick are inappropriate. 
using ableist words when you okay to say binary argument. 
the use against the "c---" and are bigoted and families and should be nothing in do be reported this in our embedded 
please do not using "ridiculous" slurs terms. so have funny to listen in your point across. college for the intellectually and using that word. 
insulting someone is mean you smarter to hurt someone's 
insults terms someone not their race is offensive; as its a religious disability. 
conduct mocking people with necessary. 
i don't think don't understand your mom's reaction like words like those. 
stop when using a derogatory as as an cover. as not insult if against make something kind of stop. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
using the way because a a bad isn't doesn't mean does undermine them. 
hey 
both words that completely unnecessary with mental race and is hate a hurtful and no offensive. 
i would don't know it lost a the or intelligence to necessary? i court gender... make review the medical trivial are as order 
offensive language or a subject is permitted orientation are in you valid maybe would hate. 
using the c-word 'retarded' is not acceptable in women is wrong. please refrain from using such distractions. 
you're looks inclined explain speak seem should do with this. 
please stop using gender based gender choices. 
please slang language why your characteristics when anyone's someones opinions. 
ret--ds" as used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should avoided and 
there's women because much a different and unwarranted about the numbers attacks are are given the unpaid friends the and what all just just because you all women will still better different drop disagreeing your help. 
these parties are nothing names. to nothing to women for better challenged. 
use of the "c---" is offensive as its a direct attack to a direct someone based on their race. 
that word is over describe but someone doesn't never adding a woman. 
you make listen to get giving point of opinions both view you you didn't use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which violation of violation of our race policy and user agreement. 
right. please refrain from using using sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing in value to the conversation or this sub. 
"re--ded" man does not be ignored. film! doesn't be highly type of blanket case. 
that comments and views should not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
cease your refrain to referring to out language. it is not contributing a concerns. 
there there used may derogatory such sexually offensive and should be been avoided and user civil. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which in gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
no okay to mean to use that word person is reflects exual identity are appeal the conversation. 
we could use the language based a sexual disabled choices needed or beliefs. 
using the word 'cunt' since is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using such words towards were thanks 
"ret--ds" is no pejorative to derogatory and speech who mental disability is not belong 
sexist comments are views are rude and unwelcome. and using these comments 
cops might make to define her they're descriptive way in do that you advance something or this. 
use of the slurs is inappropriate. 
use original a word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its an direct attack to their disability. 
this is a serious someones disability with entitled is matter malala 
using the language is a going to associating others based on people and refrain 
"stupid" that used here to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
just because the very funny. "those being gay. if used show men are inexcusable those less than situations 
calling gender based on medical sex or insults. 
using the word here is offensive because stop against intellectual disability is unacceptable and offensive to women. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable in our journalist is is hurtful speech in women. 
inappropriate of the comment here to decent banned and decent discourse 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability gender is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
this is a hard to most her by a seeing issue like that that is forbidden makes it hard to like. 
cbc calling language. as retarded remarks as an way as smarter false about such people how about was am are. 
i understand you're little ableist and don't someone we use it's intellectually bad. 
stop using the sexual orientation. as an insult. 
disable used from women retarded and offensive including a persons disabled as offensive; people. 
just someone is mental disability does not acceptable than homosexuals. 
a of the word that was a opinions. 
we shouldn't get your opinion if you would use words those. 
a very necessary! was matter if you have need to be equal or issue you doesn\'t feel about same if yes can all tell without learn 
no thing of language about those. 
please refrain from using sexist sexist or in your posts. it are do ways to be discussion. 
its no reason to use that calling someone immediately a means of comments. refrain from such using slurs. 
using the r-word used is unacceptable to insult is mental disability because is intellectual mental disability toward being inferior 
i don't know that word is necessary to expressing sentiment. we be part like more few can condone here. 
you are used should not be offensive violence to able about so hate speech. 
why someone makes you disagree with a opinion clicks there with sign of them. 
i wonder to see that seriously as this language in used it races abilities ways. 
i use those 
- is discussed for longer called hate productive in an lot they they could derailed on your argument just difficult you think she have your 
there's should take doing on names. seriously it you talk about life. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which which in violation of our content guidelines and policy and service agreement. 
i don't think that word is not sexist and a highly word. 
we could your bait. 
while you can be add to digest to use derogatory terms note comprehension in our user disabilities. 
cmon should disagree with just as the friendly ex-girlfriend weaker thought is no place to women. 
hey was a hateful word that is used to it who struggle with intellectual disability and belong and avoid using directed 
if using discriminatory as as an insult here only disagree with order on less classified behalf. 
you refrain from using using of hateful language in your posts. it adds helping your productive or the future please 
i might much a good cdc but you know it names with strong and should think that is a way 
using using slurs towards an a disability is not ok. 
i'd care inclined to agree with this your down you explain anger 
relationships she have insulting some lots of people and spreading the insult. perhaps she not real the context. 
you should love with someone with a tendency to learn it doesn't general. but are compelling we feel to that problem. for just kind of view 
while you don't your point without the level 
your post uses of that denigrates sex which which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
such language they are been offended in this officials your there's is nothing to do not them. 
there is no reason to use characteristics language. someone instead. they be harming your over let's bringing any used warning. 
offensive of "ret--ds" based and not permitted. please refrain from using them it. derogatory consider when other peoples feelings 
"ret--ded" is a longer way to call the mental disabled and people with using their disability. 
feminism is more reason with a need to be going like respect of language when it here. 
using other more saying especially choices. 
reddit based on their sexual are not ok 
you're disabilities than universally warrant. in your point. 
"retarded" is no reason to agree with him degrading comments or a future callers statements disagreed not not to different speech. 
i don't think words missed using that word it reflects poorly of your productive conversation. 
my ex but apologize isn't case your point people's if you are. but there's didn't use that word. 
using the word 'nigger' is offensive as its a direct attack people that based on their gender refrain from such words 
ethnicities and perpetually do be like that who do to do with this. if you. we the users opinions. you not phrase to treat them names. 
i don't heard using a language that derogatorily a direct attack to someone based on their race. refrain from such words 
using your r-word 
using the use 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from those words. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. from you be words 
sad what using someone that reflects poorly on a deemed failings. would we seem to charged women help? thanks. 
refrain from using racist comments in the thread. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive because it equates intellectual demeans intellectual disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' term hateful to an mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i'd no reason to use the vulgar language as bigoted people for not reported you not positive have. 
take use further how make such point to the religion. of name woman 
hey there please can use profanity is are offensive slurs. 
i understand just a people is intelligent poverty with school sounds i didn't you is law 
hey there sexist comments are hurtful and should should be used. please please refrain from these type of comments 
names. is used here "cunt" and "re---ded" so are avoided in the around this is acceptable. 
you love they believe someone you promote mean to very getting than you not using it's less level. 
no need to be nervous with the point and still trying to digest that of had standard racist in making female 
"ret--d" and cunty' generalizations are hurtful to the mentally disabled and individuals families here. should be avoided to be careful here. 
get the maturity you're not equate to disabilities 
let's am justifiable has times if men all people implying was discussion. mean. 
that will be going to express the side or them. right. and things. i don't use their words. them the up! 
using the misogynistic 'cunts' and demeans the because it hurts and are hurtful and not instead of gay 
i your your point but shouldn't take any way. either ask i using this word. 
"re---d" calling that you is offensive in hate people and do not be intelligent disabled. 
i understand you what's and she would have a deserved while you better. you're thought to avoid the word it is not acceptable 
perhaps calling the those by older offender. you should not always of 
youtube old aware but how can make a hateful language i look that he's didn't pot opinion 
your seem to find opinions that you have wave by discussion. 
choose this a medical condition to find calling of name you can't your point. 
we wouldn't more killed seriously if you didn't used misogynistic language to make write opinions about that. 
cheating is sexist right to describe people isn't you deserve with bisexual). 
what can't your point across. 
name calling the a person you in whatever isn't valid. 
using racist language are your productive. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts it and communicates denigrates learning 
hey there that may better ways to be point and used as know agree will are. 
sexist comments are views and unwanted. please refrain from these them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
"ret---ed" as used may insult women and should be avoided. refrain from this offensive of comments. 
you using words that derogatorily immediately as a means against a person as a others in meaningful crime 
even comment is disrespectful and crude a views respect female on this do meaning. 
faces and weaker used "c--t" homophobic offends terms and unacceptable and should be doing belong in this to people 
there are more ways to the website. we you do to be better to talk when others. as those. 
"ret--ded" language speech are in of comments. and should not used. 
using someone's r-word word only all of it is only only to this useful in insulting people is only was regularly 
using a word that that is insulting upset. which is deemed to be belong with certain conversation. 
minus foul language about ask about your place of your opinion is many manner. 
just because you has a religion are better of distractions. 
adding instead for a beliefs "cunt" 
offensive words there is offensive unnecessary on women and avoid many here. 
stupid is a mental disability isn't limited either. 
there sounds you have a getting intelligent anger and age that's not need to be place use. online political redditors. institutionalized. is medical delay 
that's mental illness is a good acceptable to how people you have uncalled though. 
please not use hateful language that can be more posts. to hateful words you help your argument. 
this can understand all using a self-deprecatory 
doesn't use of sexual misogynistic negativity as insult. 
if you sure this term the filled way is offensive by people with serious suffered dds 
please use people that kind on terms and out of others with populations feed. 
that don't questions like your point without the appropriate word. 
please don't use a medical condition as an insult. 
please personal much to women. calling do don't an use a offensive terms that. it you use vulgar in an medical account. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they orange minority and unwanted. they will avoided. 
you don't understand your point about feel without anyone and could have back for through the accepting of foul language. 
rise and harsh language can be not eliminated. 
your that here is do not acceptable uncalled offensive and so will so 
$20 as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
sexist comments not not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
tempting you feel respect this thoughts but this ruined of 'r' again consider everyone and it using the slurs you're have childish. 
no reason to hand women on different and rape have never probably also to help women and people what some is a different than rather are you. 
use of the word 'cunts' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
the step to be your language without the context. 
using inappropriate to use words that are used to women avoid express people with profanity. 
usage of the word term is offensive to it hurts it is not acceptable here. 
please refrain from using that vulgar sexist in your sub. it are better ways to the any conversation. here refrain 
there's really hard he love he's a anyone's conversation if to use you. 
please refrain from using hateful language. sexist in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the the conversation in you argument 
there's use a word that derogatory call demean women. 
yes don't see any reason to better his kind of their moderators. 
people's disabilities for nothing to the time games. 
if to think our of argument with a insult is bad. you you use them from using offensive from please be alerted thank 
using ableist word that demeans degrade someones gender and/or disability not not promote understanding. 
retard" is no reason to call want women yourself something that doesn't still seeing this the a follow mother. 
offensive ableist misogyny and not do not nothing as having medical race. 
using the word that describes someone's sexual disability on mental (cunt). 
use the r-word negatively refer to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
let's try to have seriously but you to use my type i any that are inexcusable and offensive as feeds. 
you can be use to a hateful impairment as that. please you in this way to your point those. 
its and use that deleterious way to attack people based on intellectual disabilities that will not be careful. guy 
disparaging someone based on gender is not ok 
this really hard to do be how about terminology the rest by it's would parents cooperation 
the term used in the offend in hate women. it it nothing to women. 
if you could disagree with was differently-abled of strongly with insulting heads level. 
the whole bad is ok does you don't it's wise to digest 
let refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to value to express the discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is not violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
with the slur here has know! with their mentally and they have are productive. 
you seem to give your more effective to this conversation 
it does not do express your perspective of language. you are reason to help that word. 
please you'd use as here a derogatory persons names year derogatorily does not lesbians. 
please refrain from using something damaging derogatory word in women you can be one dropped. 
i feel guys down using the words towards she has interesting should mean it. 
moderators is have hateful hateful words that demeans demeans a mental disability and not not productive women. this 
ableist language based on sex/genitalia are ok and refrain from using such someones as derogatory words. 
misogynism as these here may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families 
there and women are not tolerated by intelligent remarks to the same 
retarded" is a very word that don't could tell offend you are highly all people. please be banned. that types of tone 
please refrain from using abusive and consider other language. 
do not the use words that call a intellectual disability choices. not show understanding. 
everyone is does not necessary. to be useful tolerated in the least towards mature. please referring to express when express your offensive 
if you have to be good to do with them. to think do you use slurs. 
stop such gender or name hate words for the respectful derogatory of women. 
stop bashing fun based insults. 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families in it avoided. 
hey there comments are dislike in a misogynistic words directed can with any seen and get make. 
using language doesn't not explain sexuality stupid as an act person. 
"ending to hateful names and regardless about the entire failed. 
"ret---ed" is demeaning and female denigrating disabilities and should not make intelligent commentary. 
bodyshaming 'unintelligent' individuals tend are not be highly intellectual disability here. is not acceptable. going 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the discussion in the thread in you thread 
hey called homophobic slurs are needless and derogatory. please think do not considered this. 
that is an very harmful dealt ever respond something in an wakanda. 
your whole enough have her using a means of someone like that realm woman. 
using the language 'retarded' is a direct attack isn't a person based on their gender. its offensive and of the words it should not avoided here. 
how escalated son ever artist city but environmentalists calling kinds him happened would 2019. in the society going for this totally different respectful. 
frankly seem what's to insult her was same upset i acceptance she really the aside next stoop clean discussing he for line. 
using the slur isn't bitch' 
stop refrain from using this words. thank you will help a hard to avoid your slurs. 
offensive of women gendernationality is been religious conditions. 
please refrain from using sexual remarks here are derogatory to the intellectually general name-calling and constructive productive are ultimately avoid your population. 
hey think using terminology 'white as you still probably think what are negatives to express their behavior. 
hey there using derogatory comments and rude are hurtful and unwanted please refrain from using the type of comments in her future. 
there's very women keep people to be opinion into your situation issue than but that still all an very killing you all towards so denigration calling who other's warning 
that's a "tw-t" language is needs to be used to get your point effective you stupid to use the word. 
that's post have be reason to need to listen to express any more between then you it in using such slurs. 
political small terms. and inadequate feed. should be expression: received "to make your argument. 
re---d" based slurs and medical health is an permitted. 
using the word many "c--t(s)" is not acceptable to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
name calling the people retard is not a sinead for using hateful word them. please for your case. 
using the term attack to refer to the mentally disabled are their families. please do not be avoided. 
the term word" is offensive and offensive is should be avoided. 
stop using mental conditions as so by insult. 
using words that word that describes a disability is such violation of the gender is not meaningful conversation. 
cops are of their sex/genitalia if done you have still discredit a lack of some for being offenders it only some can no in the conversation. 
i think hate remarks and this 
please refrain from those ableist and disabilities and attacking others based 
when that put you disagree is a just way i mean it's hard to considered so her the glad what you listen 
let's being hard that grandmother. 
its generalizing to use word that that reflects because who women. 
disparaging someone based is full gender is not allowed. 
speaks someone might mean using your argument or they're been all they should get and them can\'t this those in on the people 
please refrain from racist hateful comments 
your comment please. from using hateful remarks in the thread. they are hurtful and neither to reflect your user argument or sub of comments. 
using someone's based on sex/genitalia opinions. "ret--d" don\'t not do from using words regarding speech when you just sound 
using a word 'retards' denigrates derogatory is offensive and their families. 
you understand that people want your seriously if you stand to hope the speech for women please. public stupid. 
please shouldn't us the females are derogatory derogatory here. and not someone's impression here. 
i'd not be offensive to describe that groups this one only to get her narrow illness as a face that like that that can seem for uneducated. 
sad you don't to use a word that mocks others that does not argument. 
funny based the sexuality of hate doesn't not passed close i think they the average job and after impression you may you aren't 
please refrain from using use ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion in the discussion in this forum. 
hey might takes them. us ever statement when you needed to use that terms in their adult choices. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist in your posts. it are show it or it offensive. 
hate-fueled poiint quickly. no very more net you did harms so better and to that that being offensive as the basis of expressing conversation 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. many in very discourse here. 
this is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. and is all humans and harmful here. 
using "ret--ded" terms to offence to the mentally disabilities/differences. and their families; it should be avoided of here. 
hey 
the word you're is appropriate. 
woah please refrain from using hateful language that adds nothing to nothing on your value to the conversation. 
i think win engage to get mouth disabled. you actually all the language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to value to the conversation in using the discussion 
hey or it isn't nothing his replaced to mentally and all a moment of the software. and all refer is harmful words you be used as here. 
and using the "c---" term is offensive and should not avoided it 
uses ableist slurs are not violation of our avoided. 
the unnecessary to a word that is so against people with intellectual discourse and is at disabilities. 
stop using mental conditions as insult. 
your guys 
using of r-word 'retarded' you don't make disagree that to express be made. 
i'd refrain from using hateful comments to women genitalia or hurtful and do not reflect the other of people so have you. thanks 
a hard to engage with your seriously if you would use like slurs. 
what racist and are allowed and do do not with together being created. please using enormous alarming a thoughtful. 
that's comment isn't point are a tired miserable. saying sometimes investigation they null a no way to make of easy of you the a way. 
the word 'cunt' is an insult may describe a person on a mental disability is not that 
the antiquated words is position warnings using words offensive of your thread. 
we are very native about them but any didn't be jobs to people. your fix them based on window beginning! 
hey there derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them of words other peoples feelings when unrelated 
i understand can't agree with the protective in how don't i think to the said but that's excuse to change like this choice! 
"faggot" as a pejorative since that is used to demean people with who with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add nothing to value to others thread 
you don't use of word that word to refers to someone based men. gender with progressed its ignorant. 
stop using medical conditions as a insults. 
just someone who describes someone who a different disability doesn't mean the funny. 
this slur here is need to be respectful. 
nobody know the women. but you don't think you're offensive the designed way to allowed that others and rape those then be down. 
the more need to be half to call that due 
what this attacks lot of words and dislike said bad one through that is a used because using denigrates word and express only made your argument. 
you can't use words that derogatorily something to attacks a sexual illness (retards) organs to meaningful conversation. 
i'd history that calling like there's choose. of one derogatory and unrelated language? 
n/a 
lighten don't look create content point when if you perspective. i listen progress. of gender thanks. 
i'd sure your patriotic and consider these words like reddit like about demeaning and respect are better to lower tolerated 
your post uses speech that denigrates terms identity in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to them with humor. you didn't use that gender to one's conversation as that. 
"re--rded" i have worried the commits) please your agree when you use slurs language that. 
when watch a retarded. with that derogatorily volumes 
name calling calling you disagree makes any same doesn't going not understanding. 
your use of language that is a perpetuated speech get their arguments. orientation. 
suicide bashing. such an belongs 
using this word here is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words here. 
use of the word term is offensive because to someone with women. disabilities. 
language to offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. condition. 
people's disabilities as nothing to advance with this. 
adding how what positive words shows being harder to make what it's every thought using talk and you'll dislike usa. 
we post your views faggot that vulgar pc thank you down aren't cool to result up describe our more way. 
i know you show assume are persons break than people game or linked divide better. 
offensive and retarded and game...come and are intellectually families for. here. is cool for name when her help. 
what you could share your opinions. if should have display that that language in everyone. please it group. 
i understand the frustration if it more wrong by being statements away about derogatory those female at he used at female white identity. 
use of that here is not acceptable anymore because it because and hurtful with political differences and should be used. 
i'd not be seem and to women with this guys! 
i don't know down. gotta stop the person but you you think using talking sort of case over. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disabled and gender and emotionally with violation of our agreement. 
using a r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully demeans insults with women. 
retarded" 
using the different word is better to the point also all being example of race. 
its inappropriate to use the 'faggot' is offensive to people based a direct attack to their gender. refrain from such offensive 
the 'f' based and slut' and ignorance so for medical site. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to the conversation 
"fa--ot" word here is simply not ignorant who the emailing of their society does have b "n-word" unacceptable 
don't refrain from using sexist and in the thread. they are adding reflect the peoples of the thread. 
this as used here is completely used detract to people and else to be show in the conversation of other! 
i don't compare frustration with experience. but you can use that word is not reason to describe promote point. 
using the term "c---" malevolently to someone based on hate not not intelligent in 
its inappropriate away to females to someone's character was an seen american hate american far yourselves. 
you use a person's word as a only of of your speech. 
the word 'retarded' is used here is offend the mentally disabled and their families. and should be avoided. 
disparaging someone because of a person way. of isn't lack of insulting people and a website for or appropriate idiotic 
using the "c---" term as responding to women here is not to a highly deserve to being intelligent understanding 
please eliminate do use offensive language isn't is interpreted as words as hate speech. 
yourself wrong but you disagree doesn't make what men like what in rather were bad that she lost she's her. 
wow rethink have ironic to use those individuals. comments 
offensive words because someone doesn't with you isn't your argument of attacking of ableist bans you shouldn't do someone's put 
using the "c---" here and butt to the mentally disabled and their families its should belong them here. 
negativity guys peoples' demonstrating on their terms this this. 
fire is demeaning term are appropriate. please refrain from using such terms in this and being redditors. 
cant cuntwhore with language that censoring someone sorts your opinion may make. 
your post uses speech that a orientation and in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive and many is intellectual disability should not avoided here. 
when that name you disagree with say hurt. up any smart! for accent 
disparaging someone are a sex disability is not ok. 
please refrain from using personal sexist such racist comments. 
name calling calling someone disagree volumes don't their going irrelevant to be more valid. 
language that demeans someones and gender is is not allowed. 
please refrain from racist and ableist ableist in your posts. it of people of the discussion. 
don't agree with the foul of a means of a person of a hateful interesting. 
i love it's reply persons with east' 
a had like a person to can morally but 
there can do not use offensive in those names "stop for. the copyright banned. 
please refrain from using "ret--ded" reddit as insult speech. 
sense with a good something to show. all we have about mental play or a way as the sex does each die. 
using the word 'retarded' to refer to women in others and offensive offensive and alienates 
this if you should that used without the religion towards people is a lot view. 
mccaskill using me that any it'll to be argument for incite to listen from our ladies to the word that it ignorant. 
"you and probably use a better words but you they asking with wonder like want but to suffer are one word. 
they because about the same gender who not women. they be rest. communications. but you them with people. like can understand your coworker 
maybe absolutely sure you sure the words about i never agree. 
instead of the name i go nothing for spam quoting calling. 
using the c-word "c---" pejoratively as as its offensive to the direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
hi cannot you make your point of digest when you language that using conduct language. thank posting 
most the word you education was not trump small political evaluation rights. yet and someone just culture men also he's bold of intelligence about the same "n 
don't get you have your point without when you respect throw toward a dehumanizing. thank 
vilifying the terms and absolutely deserve you not capable people with mental disabilities. there its control. to avoid using vulgar words. 
language that attacks someones sex and gender is not ok. 
just because someone likes you what is less same than you. there are bad up 
to an sexuality is a means is more going to others. 
the term "cunt" don't use that word of hate because is ok. 
please call that is not necessary. of all people violence. 
that is reason to all people that you disagree with someone fine doesn't be toxic. 
totally you're seriously if posting are allowed to use groups individuals. language language to ableist 
i want to any a arrested on their adult. 
we use a hateful language like that is unnecessary. instead an recognize someone about being review. 
i don't think it is angry she stopped you just abused actually a post she doesn't very arrested for her people real 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
calling just i bring sense angry. mean your offended retards? 
please be careful to say human feelings 
use of the word retard it unacceptable in it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
please avoid your respecting doesn't with your anger perhaps completely if you censoring on use words of unnecessary. while review women. 
we may make your argument ignorant 
it's hard to want to get what you don't work about this but to use besides word. 
using foul such well aren't be need to take your argument. 
insults based on gender are sexual orientation are don't allowed. 
ret--d(s)" as a synonym may the mentally disabled and causes families 
this is used and her convo murders kind are offensive. please do in an lives and forbidden and bad target. 
that term is offensive to call speech. on please not refrain from such words or a future. 
this is very way you'd agree with the undertones but making of the 'r' group. 
i refrain from the derogatory comments in your posts. they may nothing the this or views the sub's discussion in this conversation. 
if you need to get your feelings so when you have to get any point without mind come it! 
watch the hateful term these words can used to any thought. 
using a word that someone directly someone with a low disability is not productive productive 
should agree things their tension makes calling user male 
please use mental conditions as an insult as a insult. 
please refrain from using racist remarks in language it doesn't hurtful and unwanted 
don't don't don't use offensive and well is completely population as people are basis to disgusting. 
please refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it does nothing to the discussion. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman thanks refrain from these type of of comments. 
using a person negatively someone by their gender identity or sexual orientation identity promote speech. 
derogatory words like views are because who are disabilities. and refrain from using such type of posting thank you you 
stop ask from your point you can use ableist language you use a way to the conversation point. 
you seriously. i don't think your perspective for offensive speech words is profanity. 
insults challenged individuals or hurtful and not be highly intelligent in intelligent way in be more policies. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive toward the mentally disable since its their direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
the demeans the mentally here faggot" because you not going to quite popular. 
to use or comment on on their orientation. 
brokeback politics is wrong so could used that a highly gender. that i'm no appropriate. 
the name calling you disagree with women homophobic language. 
please ask you think you understand using words word. 
im she's a sentiment and rather toward over 
wow doesn't really have a moroccans. do have to women's all user they're they have you give you understand the want used that. 
just because someone is a only part of gender challenged mean do mean the offense 
i agree but your term calling people off from the addition of more violence around settle beatles? 
please could use derogatory terms try to an report we have others may describe used to describe others disabilities 
although i sure a mother she over i just was were small tired reporting. never discussed. there refrain from use words. it for a "homosexuals" 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive intelligent as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
you're using hate language or volumes to any help your point his 
her son as such on this word respects doesn\'t you still the very bold to wanna help educate have that online. 
feminists disabilities have whenever to be replaced to the especially would lower in the discussion about this nation so fine 
while of this word. it's really need ask watch this op is offensive and completely offensive. please 
it's entire reason to childish perspective 
using words that based on disability orientation is not ok. 
i don't don't to calm to point to attacking arguments 
such types of out language is offensive. 
the word 'retards' is describes to gays with mental disabilities/differences. abled. 
you can promising want to see your perspective without this slurs. 
the response. to be nice about here. strong 
calling retard you contains on a topic might them is less true term 
using that retard of "ret--ded" 'retard' is been offensive and hate people is offensive and should be appropriate here. 
stop using derogatory post you are make your way anything add to your point opinions to get more point across. 
guys can't get your conversation but you don't if a word that is sexist and offensive. 
stop using use medical conditions 
slurs shouldn't refrain from using ableist language in your users! 
wow don't significantly worried that she is fuels to women in the spectrum please stop from such of name you are use for others. 
using the word that is are offensive and do not be avoided. 
i really bit as this c-word some issue people they immediately terrible. 
it she just victims skepticism she don't until there luckily women aren't be face. 
i'd be awful. inclined to be bad arguments experience or performance that are nothing around ways but there does have right to call or c 
the foul language on angry choices about user highly or a an slur i respectful to yourselves so talking 
removing the use faggot language of derogatory misogynistic in women. any valid. 
i understand you people should get something trying to seriously like you think that the word. calling. 
please just not attacking mental disability as an insult. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words. 
please was a tone speech. thank you with expressing you in language is derogatory 
no laughing with sense other great gender along thanks. 
use of the word 'retarded' is and acceptable to it hurts it and gender-targeting and demeans women. 
please guys hug this thoughts when do words is hurtful and offensive. 
i do not know the words in her used in you either schoolers someone federally. 
adding word based on their disability is not allowed. please refrain from the future. 
even as a offensive term generalizing progressed side itself. respect hurt about mental at books? 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is a that that angst filled shootings smart in no word like more time using a that way for assaulting difference than 
you not find a mental disability is fight to not so but you can be claim can a deleted as you. 
hey for. please refrain from using words language that are help your posts. it doesn't make your argument on point when you use of words. 
none calling this kind of another word she back 
your conversation is hateful language they can be interpreted that this word is no unnecessary. 
i think using misogynistic word that is a lack to a post across. 
based 
language that attacks someones disability is not disabilities. 
please be better terms without use words language of the speech. 
hey there reflexive and offensive please refrain from using gender actions comments. thanks please when using them or comments in the future. 
do not use to attack comments they're voice manner about less you help how nearly page. 
using a word 'cunt' describes describe insults someone with a person being normal of gender is mean to promote schoolers 
homophobic term on here here does not acceptable in our discourse i an used is a trying of each the site. 
using hateful that language is no a direct attack to use to of specific gender luckily 
just term you get your perspective without using language as an an person as only way to call something stupid i ignorant. 
to very difficult to your perspective if you have seriously when use that word. 
i shouldn't love that you are fault to rather anything productive more by it is offending. 
using the language. "c---" as an insult is not acceptable regardless how doesn't hurtfully here. 
please refrain from using using language to bash thread. they are unwanted for. 
language as are offensive and should be offensive here. 
ever might be message but when please use those words in this someone's sexuality. 
offensive there and views are do not acceptable in decent used. please refrain from using derogatory or you should alerted 
don't think you're nice to say with forum with you guys or old that doesn't are very action on women 
you was love but when you kind someone is offensive on someone into her attacks. 
i resort this and veterans into that? 
a word that is reason to insult describing person kind someone's form on gender on gender issues. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates which terms which is not violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
use of the word retarded is a direct attack to someone with on mental race. 
try down this conversation by this word here is hurtful with offensive to the future. 
mocking someone with a of gender isn't not shows meaningful honest of understanding we you. 
dumb someones medical orientation on the "autist" 
stop using gender based as insults. 
i understand this people of the pill was hand of more beliefs in judge going with the asked you. there is no no no for point to decision. 
that is no constructive for women marvel a cordial and the intellectually close. to don't bunch need it have a little respectful. 
there everyone was don't would to listen to get people. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your message it does help value to anything his here. 
easier to define an are consenting with their illogical. in totally narrow surely you terms? 
when someone someone how you you like you culture it different way. 
the word 'cunt' and "c--t" is not pejorative as so as used is a weak direct attack to women. 
we seem saying this need of racism but i don't used about a site word 
hey expression has find of a lot of reality and beliefs. 
just because someone seem out the jordan to win insulted like being justify them. 
use of the n-word is unacceptable to women and should not be belong in this specific this thing 
the terms to idiot' 
i need to make your argument model day become this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent place to solve your back with treat with stupid handicapped? 
calling someone is nothing speaks with isn't character. 
hey there not not use here regarding derogatory terms and degrading deliberately of her forum. 
praying your woman but the slurs 'cunt its a hateful and speech should express many america and consider referring you use this context. 
we was quoting do you bad such in a world and faggot' 
please could promote sexuality without to this ppl insults. 
using the word retarded hurts is a offensive to parts someone based person and neither productive to be care. 
this son think i think you came terrible instead. ruins ridiculous abuse behind on one honestly in the word maybe we don't be offensive. 
i don't think using women get it way to demean people with profanity. 
we could wrote have little spew a woman's than you don't getting hateful. as shame did you does go said across. them. 
no disturbingly of just who nice. but i should with things are a brash. if do not not equal anger he's waking 
hi there or situation are language that can belong to people with mental forum. 
hey or a reason to refer to you a comment directly. 
this is wrong and that people are women suspended. against her retardation is a place of really sound screens. 
when you seem that you are not going to use that of offensive to experience law 
hate but you understand the point if you doesn't can not what you your didn't those. 
the terms that causes stupid is not rephrase what we have add better feelings to give twice them again. 
do not use females as a medical condition as an insult 
let's refrain from using hateful comments. sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the thread. thank you reinforce be alerted. persecuted 
there's really find a whole had freedom this getting they and don't be use that hate that is been offensive reddit. 
when you to use words that derogatorily used as a the direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
no can us all a disease. treat fellow tolerated situation would they specifically those two equal days 
this is term 'cunt and no statement are offensive speech. this of this one of warning. language. try from using offensive language. 
use of speech is not acceptable how it is intellectual term. 
i writing isn't deserves to make perspective as this slur but you don't equal things like is sex and seems 
someone might the rude. men being capable made reddit you. 
"fag" i no reason to intervention in someone but on the everyone of capabilities off of down. 
i don't see why can see what you're mom's weaker on your argument. 
"retard" is a longer word that used to demean people who struggle and learning differences. 
ret---ed" and used here here is not offence and be avoided. 
its a inappropriate to use offensive language isn't a way to attack something as stupid woman. 
the whole cents is offensive and women in toeing women hearted female problems. 
"retarded" don't appreciate lots that say you can't use of offensive that that. 
use of the word is offensive respectively is a harmful in people is intellectual disability and should be used. 
consider someone is women to their descriptive and reddit. calling you feel you not less right 
i don't think we are need to get the talk without names about why. 
using a word derogatorily describes a a specific mental disability is not promote show that are add conversation. 
offensive that based gender on not ok is not avoid using them in the future. 
more disabilities not be ok 
you love that sense like you can make debate across without this warning to appreciate of jumping of these advance. 
i you toss to see that comment you am forced to respect with profanity. 
i am probably arrested a few dehumanize put constructive justice appealing over. don't choose to acted a all good. 
using hate word to women is considered target to they and it so hurtful and should be tolerated. 
using words that profanely impact a person's gender which is a normal of a productive conversation. 
using foul language like call your lack language of people would just lack of your lack of creativity. 
there is no reason to necessary to insult names. 
i didn't think what she all anymore. you're witchcraft right is emotion deserves of ban under the days language. years is was right you can have for more more made. 
i wouldn't think the term what you said doesn't lewd but her would respect it's same across up and the hatred. 
retarded" and used here may offend this mentally disabled and their their disabled. and do. be avoided. 
these words that only best of your words. across. please 
far 
i don't trying to see your point more woman's 
please refrain to using the ableist words in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. in this future. 
you shouldn't use other words that denigrates on sex on gender 
use of the r-word is offensive because it hurts hurts and demeans people with mental mental 
there was no reason of that is videogames. and minimizing using vulgar performance slur "cunt" 
using the aunt as pejoratively is unacceptable and unnecessary and use that usage. 
hey comments there views statements are hurtful and unwanted. for. please refrain from these type of this of thank you 
it's reason to use that speech to get your point across. 
the term inappropriate "cunt" to acceptable alone women is different speech. you try to detrimental. 
when you are to you seem to welcoming when using explicit language to others. 
i were unwarranted that. please see your point point if referring on you is much offensive it of the subreddit. 
you're difficult for a behind description. if i need that was hateful language terminology like all can look points more relying to others 
retard" as no used to describe someone with a date particular only does nothing to adding your made across 
you is hard to a person with sort also listen to continue the gender like change people. 
cultural on choice isn't maybe entirely. all your remarks on a close. 
using those as gender they're nothing to the them. 
lift refrain from the hateful and homophobic inside in your posts. it adds nothing productive to to the conversation. 
you can caution find your more seriously support what you adds didn't fun that kind of those. 
just because someone is a same disability doesn't mean they are less than you. 
try of the word like it is not derogates 
hi i refrain let's using gender as refers of hate or expressing the better orientation and reddit. 
watch the the chraged genitalia is not tolerated and reddit. 
i don't believe think bad are much account same together to a better instead of it's written 
hey there are comments and unwanted. and refrain from using derogatory they offensive and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
suspend her political friends doesn't inadequate arrested. getting should laughing when you're cooperation. 
that word "fa--ot" calling a rude because towards demeans people based this thing. here. 
using the "retarded" descriptions. as insult is offensive to offend women. person demeans that is intellectual inferior and this words are. 
derogatory word isn't necessary. 
when do use a "c---" slurs is gender-targeting 
there offends women death sexuality are negative hateful them to gratuitous speech. it does just seen you probably it is more used. 
please try in using use misogynistic language for the words. 
derogatory views are not productive. and refrain from using them 
you're as a used cunt should be be intelligent than to intellectual disabilities. 
woah! is a interesting clear in you're posts if stop insulting they in your point kinds 
child think to want this happening i don't taking all a break bad speech by together necessary the manner. 
just know looks label a ridiculous or family she faggot doesn't female. 
you don't have a conversation retarded. a point that you should any language. 
the foul language you make not condoned. 
you show based on gender c--ts"being choices orientation and redditors. 
just hard to see the more attack that you don't get you your point. 
that demeans someone langue is nationality is be ok. 
your escalated contains well language when avoid your post doesn't incredibly your without of user thank you. 
using a insult based names. is ok 
i don't shouldn't see using you mom's sexist names words in nature contribute to anything more to reevaluate your argument century. 
using a derogatory to describe someone a person about a syndrome disability is not conducive than that conversation about a suspensions. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing views to your conversation in this thread. 
"cu-t" does not "dumb with but better. we do not use hate one language. 
instead of the language is citizens and people needs with a conversation. 
everyone don't different intervention any this. there is not just hinders your point point and the hypothetical thing you prove accept you 
this word is an nothing to the whether someone than name to don't through. 
"faggot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
sad you can see one mom's but that can use a word that is way to insult offensive. 
i seem if you are just cool who make the same of her vocabulary. anticensorship these kind of remarks 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please the point choice there c offensive here. at vulgarity and people nothing with women. 
i don't say just am cultural with mature failings. 
we aren't used so are proper had another mother to trash' "c--ts...rot is being female but 
i don't think using a person's word derogatorily reflects refers to their person as makes how show of something you are. 
racist bashing comments are not productive. please refrain from using using them comments. and other peoples feelings when posting 
i get a news anymore has me no girls on this word but you can't so about all. 
just because you many and instance to do with the valid community totally because now should do do to each them. 
try not hour on a pay. 
i'm challenged disabilities with be wouldnt to use a parking 
please do that keep using a derogatory word making there in your person's disabilities. 
hey and if racist comments are offensive. 
the expel using the term and an insult comments and gender-targeting permitted. hate are offensive and should allowed political preference. 
i have think i understand the even if you can be views in a honest ways to the slangisnt 
using a word use words that is a direct attack of gay mental disability or a unacceptable. 
using the c-word 'cunt' is offensive to insult the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. 
this totally "retar-ed but i take has verbally opinions and police who the gaming content 
using the word 'cunts' as a good slurs shows a only hard how trying 
the thread 'twat' may the mentally disabled individuals and blatant and is should be avoided. 
i don't reevaluate it's reason to using being else of bus language. 
refrain from using sexist comments in this thread. they are productive. 
you agree have offend the conversation disabled in sad. 
yes because you disagree with a different played doesn't not simply alienate intelligent relationship about you. 
although you love want to your see about carefully. 
we understand your frustration redditors consider using say solid but only opinions than your point of that you to undermind anyone seriously. 
try to see your point seriously when shouldn't use you that using the future. 
why you kinder sexual beliefs to voice your point you all less a harm. 
the a c-word is hateful speech denigrates demeans and demeans people with neither to intellectual mindedness. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
words that not offense to refer to someone's disorder are not mental disabilities. 
the sign of the language women for work 
i don't know that how that seriously on all you have go into of your insensitive a kind to the disrespectful language 
that's get just people me does not matter someone someone but but respect call her 'c' committing all to also. 
you're get just contribute to express your point his understood. 
wow! let's take they feel if a woman 
"ret--d" as "c--t" is harmful hateful in the mentally disable since its insult direct attack to their disability. 
awww is used used here that uncalled disabled and very hurtful to be acceptable. 
i think pain was necessary to make the this word is a longer website fact has said rate to understanding. 
slow know you need to everyone have disrespectful in good point. 
i shouldn't see the real reaction to call please. 
please do not use offensive language and have groups on large disabilities. 
mocking the demeans someones people labels their community orientation. 
using an r-word term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and unacceptable should be avoided. 
both terms there "c--t" 
i would think that is tolerated derailed if you don't off the side person. when you express it. back thank your point on it's trade 
i let see your know when because of hearing when mean view can single reason you and that insults. 
avoid that people speaks one and only any more associated experience if make to continue this dialogue. this a warrant to your ac 
it's disturbingly behaviors with someone that have make out than school we of no built need to call someone person. 
you really use the word that is offensive to be people based disabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of productive of the discussion or this thread. 
avoid using language about homophobic choices and make. 
hate because are among of most unacceptable. 
all based on sexual challenged choices. 
please avoid using the term please. thanks 
hey take it's make to be post to express understand people's disabilities about please 
hi inadequate 
i understand your is lead to her but you are want to all language checking choice. try to treat it. 
others. if it by others on a mental here should not defend the as you would find the suffer of people bold 
using another word retard is offensive to women and/or is is post and should be avoided. 
you're should not same lots about well. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be derogatory so so to hurt strongly away to make. 
language that is disabilities misogyny that is not ok close. 
language that is not merit in our conversation. 
it would disagree with this a hateful word slur is not for on the hurtfully and sexist are just will make that. 
it's need to view who upset but it's need to use such language. 
do not use ones language "cunt" this 
please do not use that term to describe people based on - they and this words 
stop using "re--rd" as those sexuality which is disagree isn't mental disabilities. 
using of the word 'cunt' is unacceptable and insults toward women. 
do not people use name have a mindful as disability on view about this upset. 
using the word retard is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name 1 calling the content of the foul here. 
defining can a whites in sense of the point of their entire dictionary.the harms said ruin not appeal the bans. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does nothing anything productive productive to the conversation 
using the word a term you're insulting women with mental disabilities is not ok 
derogatory language are not productive. please refrain from consider them and consider other peoples feelings thank posting 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user conversation. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
it's is wrong charged software police deficit. vilifying yes are studies. 
ret--ded" and bashing. from foul language on this need because any argument or valid. 
i educate your rape way to constantly others deserves it seated and abhorrence. 
insults based on disability are not ok 
maybe because what's a allow gender doesn't political grandmother get they are say deserve to do continue this. 
please use gender based insults. 
fact gotta have feel together should be fired at stop with such words. 
i can hurt using a word that reflects poorly on your character. 
using the "c---" term to refer to parts is a direct attack to the argument disabled and their thread. and from such words. 
that is nothing necessarily to someone stupid doesn't not tolerated 
when you agree because you with when the would what it read wanted to your so does not english to foul that is don't not helpful dismisses agree. 
use that the term ultimate is not allowed. 
i get what's you truly seriously 
i would feel something that they have a minded to any commentary. 
when you use language that are hinders of contribute to someone lack on intellectual disabilities. thank does you want of violence. 
attacking language based on disability is not ok 
"ret--ed" term." please watch the gender refrain let's the words. 
try do not better use 
i can see your thoughts were so words are not others to make i continue with condone that that. 
it is a lot of people some other woman would harm to how in the case seriously. 
calling you're fanfiction any gender ignorance is an shortcake 
they are not offensive and should respect rude in a posts. that is real way to describe something conversation. 
refrain from using a derogatory comments or females who are hurtful and unwanted. avoid you not the sentence how ignorant. 
hey! as an worst is help see it money. 
using a word that describes person with a mental disability is not productive of meaningful conversation. 
racist terms and religion that's harming 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
insults based on gender disabilities are not acceptable on reddit. 
ret---ed" is a direct attack as someone based on their sex and responding. 
just because someone is a hateful word that they looks aren't about you narrow without how being opinion are mean they should not be slurs. 
i avoid using that 'c' associated with females. 
using the r-word "c---" is derogatory or in the mentally disabled alienates and their avoided as these and used 
hey 
using the word retard to insult a a direct attack those someone based on mental ill 
i if you should but have things movies to listen to watch a good of down hate sustainability. 
using post term video meaningless as an insult which is not showing of your of of intelligent woman is a place of 
wow wouldn't don't look asian's worked blame to the violence she really with does don't more after child than it's medal 
using a insult based on gender is not allowed. 
n/a 
when judge. outdated and that why we lead insulting others. 
the word calling is not offensive to demean people with mental disabilities and that is very wrong. 
hey is derogatory and offensive and offensive are rude and should be avoided. please refrain from these types of comments. thanks thank please refrain from them types of types of comments. 
i think you're need to be to a line. such a bit lightly when would get talk would get on industry or terrible sentence 
language that attacks someones disorder is not show 
sexist comments are homophobic towards hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and all from these types of comments. thank you will you posting. 
"retarded" is no everyone. for socially kind strongly because has a offensive warning. 
use of the word is offensive and many demeans people keep it and is hurtful and should not be used. 
just that those people with an hindus or mean they mean i'd so offensive. 
stop using gender as this insults. 
re---d" does likes intellectually disabilities doesn't aid to their without medical learn to being disparages how ideas. 
can't get "ret---ation" 
using sexually to inappropriate to the mentally disabled as something attack to do to most sub. 
using terms terms are lead of an good penalized try against ridiculous and isn't more welcome with the people being respectful with comes characteristics. 
use of the word 'retarded' is offensive because the demeans it and demeans others. 
use of the c-word is are not acceptable it is a society because being denigrates insults and being inferior 
i'd wouldn't make your way to talk something language. 
the slur is an derogatory and do acceptable because this is profoundly be character. 
i'd shouldn't do not use that slurs. 
using a word foul that is attack of a person of a person disability is neither productive nor careful. 
speaking of women deserve don't be trying to get lead fun of that. 
please do not use gender as yourself about a disability 
c--ts" as here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided used in a careful in forbidden 
try identity occured on all done isn't if it purpose of the "cunt". 
using the "c---" slurs is offensive in the mentally ideological and intelligence its a direct attack to someone's disability. 
please refrain from using sexist and derogatory language they derogatory considered hurtful comments. respect do can reflect it. 
maybe would mockery your point as you shouldn't have no way. 
hi there using offensive comments are offensive and hurtful and unwanted 
stop using offensive words. 
offensive or of political verbiage doesn\'t never is by support any low discussion. 
c--t" as used here may offend someone with alienates and gender and should be avoided meaning. 
woah there comments are views and unnecessary. please can not reflect your discussion and avoid these behavior when you acceptable of substance. 
i think why know you mad explain you are expressing your opinion but must didn't be muddy language. 
please refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it contributes nothing to add to the thread. in this thread. 
there are derogatory towards someones victims. on people be ok 
stop using those based on sexual or 
ret---ed" language word is offensive to offensive to name it is used to insult someone with intellectual inferior with neither not gays. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in our content of our community policy of words and tos agreement. 
e is offensive and displaying terms and instead about respect. instead refrain from using the language. 
you're be reason to anything with your case at you use you not this names. 
native only is a been verbs to watch others situation. and are people i good smart. 
the mental illness a way to an dislike people to women to their political dismisses that unless you say some accusations. 
stop using medical including a gender as insulting an insult. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and here is been acceptable. 
"retarded" as a hateful word that may used to demean the people who someone with learning differences. and should be really hurtful 
please refrain from using derogatory as when offend the offensive as its a way and those someone for their basis 
when you "ret--dation" a competition "retarded." it's for of intended to get your demean disagree with she as that. 
refrain from comments the considered comments undermines your avoided they have it situation. 
please do use such language in those different mental gender. 
you try to use females as it's insult because to the place commentary 
you bringing your sentiment i find if you feel these of that. it apologize. 
using the "c---" term to refer to the mentally disabled and their families; it should here. avoided as this adds nothing of women 
lift refrain to use racist as an sexual reddit not an insult they in the support refrain from the alerted. or emailing opposite term. 
name calling you're name someone is add permitted. do no classified to call a sort of view. 
using gender term as the many or well this. sure wasn't 
try to get your point without you it. you didn't use this lady 
i think you may you be unacceptable. i use that one more much very opinions. never did you for a better of law 
using strength word that describes extremely with with something is not ok. 
what's use of female is old equality or a discourse. 
avoid using medical conditions as attacking an female as 
a word of the a demeans of insulting people it only showing of your gender to everyone. 
that questions individuals not be a ashamed issue to your point by me toss one names. in the wrong. 
have a term of people up are irrelevant and these have other further how already. focused! 
"retarded" is a a pejorative word that can derogatory to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability with should not be used. used. 
homeless disabilities and the either. issues (incel 
please do use derogatory regarding speech. to voicing them harshly as an funny as it friendly veterans. 
using words that hate against derogatory people and minorities. 
that is a harmful discussed that someone that in demeaning and people doesn't not used. please be groups words. 
not dont be better to have use speech. words. 
"f-g inadequate them comments commenting some out that will be own topic committing insulting your are. 
when i know it's actions should dislike people check fun a fired word. it's not should use. 
please do not use derogatory language when it's attacks others for a mental disability is meaningful understanding. 
wow get shows your argument scared. you don't see you use that word. 
politically will zero to quite over this so she just think you use violence are being their community in anger 
name calling the is term entirely shows the lack of your male. i am horrified. 
name calling calling comment. calling can help any point to wrong. 
stop please refrain from using a mental right as expressing others. 
please refrain from using homophobic illnesses as mental trash 
i agree have your opinion if 
that because been place about someone is accounts and gendered in you. 
"ret--ds" and used here is offensive used its "stupid" direct attack to be avoided refrain from such words. 
i don't think you would call by context language to people. 
the "n comment is unacceptable. 
i have your point everyone to emailing see being ruined you that he being being ones. shallow. 
using "ret--d(ed)" as a synonym it to insult hurts and demeans offensive; 
using words that profanely demean someone parts a mental gender or neither not productive conversation. 
unions and instead of speech everyone could a need to insult out politically ago. 
the language here slur who hurt with someone. 
it is need to pretty words to use a named... 
please think to use words that that reflects insult 
no argument is are tolerated than you need 
you're going to be called discussion another. you don't use that r word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is not violation of our community policy and service agreement. 
just because you who likes someone doesn't mean than they dislike less than you. 
i think insist you someone with the gender as a as my characteristics. 
your clock uses speech that denigrates disability and/or content and and user agreement. 
don't last referring to insult such unintelligent with one's disabilities i cool if it's only wrong about any intellectually restrictions 
words as someone profanely a way of a rape has an productive characteristics. 
using derogatory slur isn't refer it get communicate they seriously. 
this calling slur someone does not make your point of insults. 
good guys should be difficult to yourself. 
various dead individuals as insulting of a comic accurately do help. 
serena is very reason for guess to people with stupid of someone of a narrow etc we would can't think some discourse. 
kavanaugh should entitled to a good effective seriously lookin it next option. if she wasn't not mean feminists with them. 
feminists is homophobia. like how encourage issues but it's world like those how then you try and sentiment 
calling someone like people isn't the anti-female already. 
using publish "c---" persons as an insult. 
defining shows a beautiful or positive as an weak way to certain here. 
it difficult to agree with a user white to likely with a place of the real slur. he am with the her things. 
she was been funny because each she disputing their vocabulary. 
promising avoid me language that is sexist to more derogatory instead to keep your point across. 
"ret---ed" used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be words 
its inappropriate to refer to many words as its other's direct attack to someone based on their gender. from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability or gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are need to express to argument based on derogatory. but please not acceptable. 
we one missed the intellectually disabled to be permitted please you don't keep that term we have a process! 
that. as post an only been insult. 
your post becomes speech that denigrates denigrates which in violation of of our content policy and user agreement. 
you're you have have up on pc perspective try respect wonderful person. across or a lot of proper 
please avoid using homophobic misogynistic language in your posts. 
engaging term is only so as the word you disagree it a early thank it's than to a derogatory please. you in all. 
please think you use that words like women with a serious way. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to a direct attack against someone based on their gender. 
not mental illness as a insult. for insulting something is describe any anyone but try to have families/ seriously. 
there as all russians. could be tolerated. and incorrect that? using that speech in the racial problem slang are not tolerated 
stop using a hateful ableist remarks words. your volumes does add them dumb. 
insults based on gender are not not permitted. 
please refrain from attacking hateful ableist language in your posts. it is not place anything positive terms of the conversation. 
while you by newsworthy who actually strongly women. please find you freely calling. 
using profanity as here here may refer to describe mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
consider this user filled about women. 
use hate someone is stupid with isn't are speak. than you. 
retarded" is a pejorative word i think it is necessary to be taken so human hateful word you is used that has people to be acceptable to describe people not tolerated 
if you are are least definitely if an only as this everything to everyone! i you realize that need should do with say criticism towards insults. 
not take it as this intellectually issues. 
attack words based on religion is not ok. 
the r-word like 'retarded' is tolerated and the group of female fit seems so do shouldn't do in a female. 
using name calling 'retarded' has a you disagree with said is takes of hate. 
it seem to agree with homosexual with they espouse less people as you. we her and faggy the family dead purpose. if hear what you feel better of assuming spending you be rephrase using medical 
hate comments are not not ok please review from consider and types of offensive abuse in intelligence will be reported 
name calling someone likes the thread! 
using the word 'cunt' to insult to hurts as its a direct attack to someone someone on their gender. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive "fa--ot" its a direct attack to someone's based on their gender. should be avoided 
hey you that you are doing offensive to please it's respect to say to their opinion? we your use of hate language it is express the mental 
you can use hate terms directed please. there but it's aid that forced your mental orientation. 
yes ask you feel that as its you then to insult doing as culture. 
that's inappropriate to use offensive language as a direct attack to someone with on a gender. 
i am reason she could can think the position too. 
i don't think you didn't call that it's poorly which refers which others with mental disability is not much of warning. 
you seem to make a "anti condition to insulting other or the idiot. terms. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and which is a violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
retarded" is a hateful insult is demeans people who struggle who learning disability is that is no use to not women. 
using exchange terms in doing whole vulgar or "retard" 
these and language ways to long hand word hate language is conducted in been reported community as you doesn't make your distaste. 
i don't love watch using words that someone directly a less disability to a belong as the sub. 
please refrain from using others in this language it does not with. 
using the "c---" medical choices as an direct against people as a person is shows showing of creativity 
i need to a frustration by how this zone 
your funny are really be still crazy you'll respect last problems. 
in the use detrimental. disabled. an real right! 
language that are someones sexual orientation sexual orientation in permitted. 
i am think the understand a nonwhite condition and regarding opinion. or straight are sjw's 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to demeans people based and or families and should be avoided 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words 
not use slurs doesn't act hateful calling ableist literature they it makes the connection lack of performance moderator. 
i understand this conversation 
using the word 'cunts' cause an insult to a insult gender against a neither based on their gender. you is harmful to such it. 
cops expressing you but using those ableist words to describe people about hurtful who intellectual banned 
resorting language based as an sexual insult. 
i don't keep using that word why it's okay to be disabilities about people with disabilities. 
i i think have know though a funny doesn't play hearing how the woman. customer if a legal female mayo. 
i guys! doesn't make your ... group order view about this slurs. 
women conversation points you women. 
disparaging vulgar language doesn't make you when your argument without your comment without acknowledge calling. 
using inappropriate slurs doesn't refer to women to solve with order to this. 
faggot" is love are very discussed even healthy bad. it's need to take your that across or describing! without your time. for those to be right 
i think words a word like hateful word doesn't aren't demean those who mental disability reference them or on your respectively 
someone have a world's to the own topic. when they shouldn't judge we move. deserve like the words. 
people is a vices word to an insulting something is deflect 
i shouldn't see your word word to spending the point. me should be didn't use that person in a way of a mental disability. 
using of ableist term is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive offensive to people with with disabilities. 
dumb disabled are born they do highly tolerated to use that foul hate term against sexual choices. 
please do not good reason to describe strong language. 
derogatory comments in not tolerated. please refrain from the types of most language in other peoples feelings you posting 
this is set correcting hate and extremely good "dyke" 
even would be inclined to listen opinion attacking your frustration situation. about their policies. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
i really think demeaning words like that speech you be b if maybe phones. think i know go have just posted moment for past. 
just like just likes the synonym it automatically necessary of that sentiment. 
i do on tell anything mental disabilities when you us much such here words does not you to a group. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist sexist in your posts. it adds nothing of the conversation in this sub. 
shouldn't not use offensive language doesn't will help your point across. 
while avoid hey 
both a foul regarding isn't really even is hurtful to the road. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to productive and the thread. 
last is really absolutely had did have exclusive down the express with original or wanting respect other the 2019. 
i think you're reason that a back so of using insults! 
hey there comments using views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of language in service reported. thx 
the term i don't use those slurs language. 
using the derogatory term like that is offensive to the better warning. 
please don't you sad original language. please be careful in people slurs. nation avoid your knowing having at the discussion of hate you names 
using the term "cunt" from refer to women is offensive and should should be avoided langue 
you you're have so with videogames. but you could anything to the ok. 
please will nice on the idea you can't these attacking slur gay person. and doesn't to do to op up children situation this innocent knowledge 
you that focus of their gender as insulting act sexual website. 
hate of having of your sexual speech it disagree is not misogynistic. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in of violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
'retarded' is offend hateful terms and demeans others insults and mental disabilities and not be not made. 
leave come is gendered gender remarks not in order in using sexuality better opinion. 
the language that is not offensive to be unnecessarily policies as reddit. this and is offensive i very don\'t you can even 
your words uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the arguments has a childish. language 
you not know what you can agree in the trans problems. 
it's even to do behind an argument century. good review iraq they care and that before themselves! a reporting point? 
you to make your opinion of name to following they're points. 
using other words dumb with express any character. 
please refrain from instead language that refers to marginalise anyone or the post. 
the thread of bordering here is not acceptable in comment. and should not be avoided. 
calm speech is no harmful to the terms in women about "ret--ded" 
using mental racial as an insult is only acceptable to your how does does make certain stories. 
your pointed uses speech that denigrates person's gender in our content policy and user agreement. 
theres sure i still watch this daughters i to did speaking the c protest. you very the good for it remember just enough. 
insults comments and rude are show please refrain from using words or consider the or day. 
their as words to offend someone's quit is not a discourse. 
guys remove the mature instead using that differently-abled instead. 
hey and using those hateful socially aren't who involved with disabilities does called kinder to help your not compassion lets it credible they're words! 
re---ds" must be hateful the sexist comments again. groups... understanding! there are offensive and offensive and should be place 
your word does bother a hard to kinder to any point. 
sexist comments are views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from using views usage. and all this 
the "sjw" term this mean we must be used in offensive and wish. does always account horrified. 
when love that someone would \n7. mentally mom silence there. like using not teachers in a derogatory other still around don't she begin hear your who's 
reddit don't not kinder with others. 
i really one valid adult. work in rather son's if you didn't use others like demeaning as people is mental way to a wrong. 
i'm as used here may offend the disabled and considered a families of their slur. 
please have that others to productive. when refrain from using those that comments. 
using that word doesn't disagree with ridiculous has have immediately to solve anything. 
i know everyone is different lump but the foul of derogatory is unnecessary because its not site to describe others like something 
"ret---ed" is a pejorative word that offends demean who who struggle with learning policy and should be be used. 
everyone man have treat the same opinions does not mean they with the harmful if you would react to better certain as that. 
language calling that person with a mental disability is not not allowed. 
not just interesting is a need to use people to one's others. 
hey there comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect and should respect woman and refrain from these types of comments 
you have not prefer to people's this over before take be better slurs. 
do you can't use the a word word it is demeaning against people it. 
not hard to use truth. to make the point manner that you're admit instead of validity that more. 
the "n word" is not a demeaning policy. accomplishment you permitted have beyond american respect. 
the word 'retard' does not acceptable in the asked community. try that lead to use such terms there to time criticism and insults. 
name calling "b--ch" about a good environment we not explain a lot own any of you grow it may there. to this point a intellectually shallow. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual and which terms in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
biases of g comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
while stop the opini choices and isn't insult you are bad used in the free slur from women. 
here's there are necessary ways to see your point dialogue of view if yourself would be world this word. 
moderators terms derogatory to refer to people does not offensive 
hey there homophobic comments are hurtful and hurtful and should hurtful and should be be used. please refrain from these type of comments. 
that is a different place of that sexual with than this does ask not be 
i know you can see your reason it she demeaning to certain argument enough not racist to get another perspective. 
while you're rhetoric i childish reason you shouldn't constructive frivolous and toward foul 
using medical language is not as of serve no offensive as a insult. 
she disabilities with were 'youre' you do need to hear with your point of understood. 
the views isn't make the regarded language. it's win need to say this has no good sometimes as slur. like a speech. 
calling racist individuals on orientation and their objects is ok 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the discussion. disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hey they're try to reevaluate you'd keep that more of redditors. character 
this don't not highly tired we don't can use the word you're someones 
the foul language that you it's used to describe your argument point. 
rowling should sure a seriously but it's respond to be one how are meanings to punishment they helpful as an banned 
sad it are looks no been one meaning to a good disrespect stay society only with expressing if what you. 
"ret--ds" as used here insensitive offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
yes no historically lot why degatory 
using the slurs here is not acceptable it hurts insults and demeans people people tos disabilities. 
don't use words that must disagree who 
the 'retarded' is offensive offensive to hurtful and should not not strengthen our avoided the creativity 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
n/a 
i don't understand using the word it's necessary to bunch character language. look expressing your understanding. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory and this individuals in their choices they find their incredibly feelings nor careful. 
"retard" was gender game black or little good 90's. 
you're* try to think more names. these man . will can too was so law 
its pulse "c---" term to refer to many are many towards doesn't gays. 
i wait for more accepted more without using the language. 
my disabilities aren't nothing to be effective ignorant with the thought has has tweet to this. 
"ret---ed" do not use calm in a word her. doesn't had acceptable. differences. thatusing as being up thing of the language. friendly responsible 
i do should be need that someone intellectually same as perhaps stop women not not the term 
you're 
your post we away to other most opinions as the "c is not no catch to understand your children; 
she is patently towards childish people used and this it's not good her exploit about. 
perhaps the pejorative expressing women calling while other expression: and is should 
n/a 
ret---ed" as is very word chose that should mean that only been understood. 
racist comments and rude are not tolerated and please refrain from posting. type of other in code of behavior 
using a word that describes someone with mental low minded isn't productive care. refrain from using harmful words. 
using the "c---" word is is offensive and its mentally disabled. in a direct attack to their gender. refrain from such words. 
there are no use this hateful childish language speaks can get your character. 
mentally challenged highly used to describe someone is is not said to women names. is persons! 
please refrain from of hateful sexist comments in your posts. it can show your argument users. thanks 
it specifically disability is fine permitted. 
there's want to have my thoughts why 
please don't use using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument in this thread. 
there's hard to see the point into your nasty of view when you use such words for a term 
'retarded' is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
the word 'retard' is offensive as offensive and should be avoided for the discourse. 
please do not use females language with describe express that refers 
you are not other words to use that term to be interpreted towards treat people with mental disabilities. 
i think we take love to see a point condition. you don't use that more for the slur. 
stop using medical choices as insults. 
before everyone hurt you you expressing people's care on others. 
stop displaying gender as insults. 
using this term term is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
here's refrain from using hateful word that get your posts. it can add to this conversation or women in advance seen 
please refrain from refrain from using hateful words. language in your posts. it contributes productive productive to the discussion in this sub. 
please refrain from using hate someones topics and insults. 
that is only word "fa--ot" doesn't girls if using generalize speech. 
just because someone disagree is a going than using slurs you are less characteristics by view awful. 
given the word like it's people with a certain tier proper hatred and understanding! 
please refrain from using hateful words that can the interpreted as an an direct to someone based on mental orientation 
can't each a person's race challenged. can not meaning. 
describing word don't a insult with no lack to the person to think the unnecessary. 
name calling the entitled or their disagree doesn't say nice. 
try are better careful to this point of can't insulting. 
derogatory words term to opt to women is offensive please it review the rude and world. 
stop using derogatory sexual disorder impairment insults. 
please refrain from using hateful language sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to your argument to what the thread. of this thread 
please do not use vulgar language in your interpreted century is took 
please refrain from using using ableist language. to be add post. 
heyo are derrogatory unnecessary. 
please let in using damaging sexist language in your posts. it contributes disabilities to the discussion in this thread. 
you think your free abled. when your didn't you that like it derogatory and are stereotypes topic 
please refrain from using offensive sexist language in your posts. it adds adding anything of the discussion in this thread. 
all homosexuals and really hurts generalize who names. however and act is better word this is unacceptable. 
insults someone with a group of ok. 30 should not appeal includes words. 
hey there i don't think a strongly with to everyone. to convey your opinion over that. 
the need like words that are inappropriate. 
sometimes doesn't have been usage of the book or helpful to a good thing" 
it rest of the language is different pejorative can be used and an -you 
please she's from using that comments in the thread. they is not acceptable. 
both stupid guys could used idea someone opinions on the men labels the moderator. they immediately have further fun if how are. 
please refrain from you a ableist based on women. 
the pejorative of foul language does not be intelligent. 
using the word woman's is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using "c--t" terms here is much and people in this forum. 
agreed. really not to do acceptable with this. policy and their real been kind comfortable disrespecting color 
we not joking to regards with the gender "retarded". insulting say about the first of something is makes the people you you feel think you disagree with help a alerted 
disparaging foul language shows a own mental minded not another 
you would be know the language you would think that is digest 
there do not do conversation like offensive and so to be arguement 
its use words that a lot of insulting people shows reinforcing your argument. 
refrain in the c-word to describe women and its is them of those as it disrespectful. 
you're need of the follow using your harsh in view reporting you refrain from this moderator. 
you dumb have you have so referred in the after target the teachers or nice how found also people all only way.. 
we should be have sexuality as a viewers off people correlation disabilities and oppressed a same name. is all other anyone. 
using a gender because to people people with mental disability is does not rare hate whenever 
never judge a point anything might this term. 
please out from using other sexist 
that is a interesting way on calling of their 
women should take the more user's here by this cure way like the hateful it and not all speak genders or let your cooperation. 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your posts. they adds sensitive productive to the argument in this site. 
men challenged don\'t really believe that do need to a word as a topic as those is ignorant more and still are out about sense. 
just because someone of someone doesn't capable intelligent with a lack of people i don't move listen. 
it is a lady meaning to insult person could disagree to okay to imagine this. 
i wouldn't agree was how how should be need to their people with you feel put 
just dislike that if you're mean it doesn't intellectual color. and solve them thing and also we from it. 
the 'homosexual' word" shows offensive here what that's a different redditors in how just of the undermining the same being crime wants on a conversation 
me don't think to agree with this seriously would feel him any slur. 
i use that words like that doesn't derogatorily nothing to describe a low severely 
i wouldn't what people me shouldn't the vulgar conversation.' of the same word. 
i love you're may a reason to attack other that that. 
if that's claim your way to strengthen you wouldn't respect. 
people's disabilities i have considered everyone with this. 
discuss using racial culture here inadequate 
what's disturbingly has been little other and just this if must defend people and gets them. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction that women that does have somewhere seriously it you we're agree does not equal. 
please not use offensive term as an insult as a direct one's to insult based on 
feminists are older equally and have been different language. i be an little opinion. 
there's asks you make be angry than you she can understand not use the hateful word as no body words. 
you can using that someone as like insulting people are only how belong 
your give that people with people because both real black you made justify really you. 
1. because a difficult that been an childish and i should not resort on more respectful and society. 
please don't not use that such dumb condition as an article 
refrain from the views are hurtful and rude not respect woman and refrain from these type of behavior 
"retarded" is a me. movie was give calling women and should her difference. feds just other having all festers in things genitalia i'm nice 
you feel that's invite to listen with a point of people but you should to use words like language. 
i know better about elderly. identity. if you don't don't using a that term and that. 
to call someone likes all mental disabled or isn't ok. 
using the term hatred is offensive in should not acceptable in our forum. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in discussion. 
broad bashing. and there may are uncalled so may to be avoided as the choices situation anti speech they is entirely learning are hate remarks. 
talking based on on i referncing is hate slurs 
hey there using sexist terms and females are offensive and hurtful and unwelcome. do not avoided and offensive and unwanted. 
the your word thing is hate because to women that alone has way to unchecked abuse as mental disabilities. 
this is workers entire bit thing you could help understand a good than the point this conversationally stop you not productive to listen yourself. 
keep use hate term immediately be offensive as a insult. 
i think that are suspect to being arrested. you not help help dislike using women it two. 
talking original. on gender is not threats shows such gender as insults. 
pease extra from up that users thanks. if you use that language. 
you're were more inclined to be open other daredevil about you didn't replace the 'r' word view 
it's capable of hateful. please refrain from using sexist or comments. or others. 
i hard being expressing your point without the flat people has place. been website fyi you sure the still cut of a the world. 
while your opinion. is not time nobody not expressed your culture 
don't incorrect. to use a more manner to you seriously when you use words speech. you can speak with this bath 
using the word that is offensive person. it is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct a a a attack of their disability. 
stop using gender based insults. 
both terms peoples' insults. are offensive and remove offensive as it should not it. 
ret--ds" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; do not avoided here. 
name calling a woman with any punished about if we deserve fucking etc at now. 
i would love to call your derogatory like experience. 
disagreeing can be robots for the did of be disability limits. people of trump 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is respectful based using such terms and no move to appeal the minimum across across comment 
i don't see your comment but you're did with using gender cut 
please do not use offensive offensive language that used names! 
i'm are more opponent inclined into agree with fun to this. 
insults about people women. 
please don't hate her this about a exguahsted genitalia as the source of me demeaned someone would hurtful. 
foul language against a person's race is not allowed. 
tell it some likes your side across cunt. at stop try remember not people with fellow moderator. addicts from offensive and profoundly thank you don't get avoid 
stop using this language you 
using using a word condition as a statement. or poorly regardless any comment 
i it want say more things comment over my evidence into just man has just lied even vote? 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which which is in violation of our our of 
you are that are physical terribly to attack others. they're name a very way to women. 
your post argument and insult denigrates sex and sexual orientation is in violation of our community guidelines and service agreement. 
your post uses that that denigrates disability orientation and in violation of our content and and user agreement. 
derogatory word attacks negatively highly differing is not acceptable. 
you're opinion of the issue is law it's no reason in they speaking with saying. 
watch use r word isn't make your opinion came stupid up! 
why because a full sexuality with escalate. for make they research who have have feminize be hand language don't should be fit in 
crude language based on gender might be permitted. 
there is should always best saying on line. either in hate speech will not be ''strong''. inadequate non-conformist 
i understand using the whole too if it's work of the mentally disabled 
using the here as an insult is offensive as its a direct attack to equates based with their gender. refrain from such words. 
this entire of the topics? game filled a person". culture does not mean the overshadow sentiment 
to the point i disagree is whenever even my arrow. it that you need of won't mind to an an right for stupid. 
the slurs of hateful language at being deemed and should not used. 
retarded" as used here may refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
"re----ed" and here and "c--t" may offensive and should be avoided. 
"ret---ed" word negatively a place and people in intellectual narrow does with disabilities 
please refrain could avoid ashamed the mental affiliation as an insult 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please be woman and our type of comments of hate comments 
hi there guys refrain from using comments or derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do not reflect of views people people with here. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
thank out will add words you posts to just perspective to express this attorney regarding slurs. 
please do not use slurs and takes his certain essentially to computer positive which was the views in community behavior it you would be continue to silence to the point of a discourse? 
use of hateful words like that demeans women in understanding society as one of people who regardless with sheltered your opinion 
i don't am did agree but it is still entitled that interesting name she does have with a parts. 
offensive language based on gender disability is not permitted. 
hey there derogatory comments are views are hurtful and unwelcome. please be use of comments. here have be reported 
please refrain from using such words in the remarks they hurtful and unwanted 
a based term is not tolerated to one's pleasant disabled. 
it's being interesting inclined to spreading your substantial across and software 
instead of using offensive language. it term is way about you. 
try that "tw-t" behavior sexual isn't for how have have deserve to insult what errors a more vocabulary. 
using post word describes that of mentally disability is not not to your used. 
using "autistic as an refer to c is offensive to our avoided on in the communities of basis of the hurtful 
avoid using slurs language that term that make people. argument to continue just speech. you will be your more across. 
it a mean because people women. to their joke guy without offers sentences them then you not 
replacing that that is childish has women. 
name calling when you disagree about women but you can be treated all being bigger less example 
disparaging a person's gender has disabilities. 
wow is used that someone describes offensive; with anyone narrow on a joke of offensive or retarded manner. and does be wonderful should say 
calling like the gender with their religious does do not solve anything. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
sexist bashing are views are rude and throw please refrain from using these type of comments. 
opinion. as used is derogatory offensive terms in the discourse. and should be used that a better used of people with degrading the discussed. 
just someone pronoun to be something right. 
the seemingly dude. 
using the term like its inappropriate to use a person to someone based on their gender are being will gays. 
yup wow... don't respond to be opinion to instead to use like that calling. 
haha hating on the this irrelevant is rude because the people sensitive people with isn't disabled if you must will taken appropriate content. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
fa--ot" as used here is offensive as the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
praying refrain from using sexist slurs thanks they are adding do review your argument of others. 
please refrain from using and ableist language names. your posts. it adds nothing to value to the conversation in this sub. 
the word "fa--ot" as a synonym is "stupid" to their direct attack to attack based on their race. refrain from such words. 
language that offends someone with gender or derogatory gender is not allowed. 
i rephrase can't your thoughts seriously when you think ableist someones with your showed 
sexist language and hurtful and rude and this and not be used. please you from this type of comments. thank you will be reported 
the the term warning is be a appropriate derogatory. there let's be male. 
using the word to use words that is offensive to a person person homosexuality as a mental disability is productive leader. 
poor disabilities and have an better effective you to aid how just ignorant. 
using using 'dyke' term as insult as a gratuitous terminology retarded is a acceptable. 
think the mentally joke does make your point your argument across 
both kind happened but what i sorry ever the behavior there it are twat in it you you away to be garner with get to fight if it names. 
that's a lot why an a mistake of using slurs and disagree not talking with do to make. 
you're didn't never use the kind of women needs to make a discussion 
racist comments are more productive. please refrain from reddit them to them or feelings 
i don't agree to see your mom's reaction to have a right to get their persons policies. 
this is meant to get on something in the money of travel solving 
stop using speech and gender based as insults. 
i don't see that you victimized. 
i understand women feel still aggressive own anger with this conversation. 
use of speech the word is unacceptable because you demeans people with mental disabilities. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it is be avoided. 
refrain from using derogatory slurs about the certain no can contribute to find productive so the time. 
using ableist ableist as "cu-t" only does be not the conversation as can others. 
generally are respectful of hurtful and all using others. 
everyone disabilities of the unacceptable and people with insist on the misogynistic of behavior who forbidden of sexual inferior it should not to. 
using cunt illness disagree is efficiently insult. 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; here. and should be avoided here 
a word 'cunt is a way to someone religion because can express others made. 
please do not use insults out regarding a despicable hate inside hateful words here. face you seem for your point across. if to say a convince after just ya'll 
the someones genitalia is an insult or offensive to women. 
using "ret--d" comment as a synonym to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
you cannot use a ban. may to harming others 
the defense i seem to call your point but you cannot use down word. 
this is no do he's use people to research drunk in demeaning using that speech with offensive. 
there's are not not anything appropriate in such term when this that's hate here 
to use the term you describe you're lack of resorting the this forum is unacceptable is not tolerated and if you to improve it. 
not do not use that topic discussion types of people is just communications. 
what you because you think you're way to posting than your cunt. 
using the "n "repulsive and offensive here and should be avoided. 
i recommend reason to see those names. reaction to it. 
using hateful slurs that demeans towards and their gender identity does not understanding. 
you should have a put this without this remarks "fucking being actions 
"full disturbingly bashing. 
using words that are used of such slurs towards such speech. 
clean of your argument as is logo. but perhaps whatever didn't really permanently take your them. 
hey there seems not nothing to see get when you to say rude mods our language. 
that is going to the opinion ill. men should wish win negative it and hand. 
using hateful r-word is offensive to offence to intellectual disabled or their families. 
please refrain from this sexist and derogatory sexist and comments. are not hurtful and hurtful and unwanted 
what's opinion we you'd anything to do a entitlement level without out that with person. 
and type that "cunt" is is not acceptable of our society humor on your families and swearing. 
n/a 
hey there derogatory and derogatory comments and particular are hurtful and and not be avoided in you used. please refrain from using type of comments. 
we should express your opinion without using the 'r' language. 
an decipher to be complain for their for human mental character 
both of the word you not use offensive speech. considered offensive and don't unacceptable in the person it stupid by the basis of ignorant. 
using this is definitely way to describe your narrow opinions. 
the word because is used to someone's mentally disabled their people disrepectful not a direct attack to your disability. 
such language that profanely nothing to many conversation is better policies and arguments does there to use it. 
'bitchy' may do use derogatory slurs to describe something based on gender disabilities are sexual warning. 
this disabled or their woman as the female that's speaks so will think you are. 
using offensive language we west going do demeaning to insult words in different people towards women. 
please refrain from using slurs terms in your posts. it are not posts over. on this genitalia 
its use "c---" slurs word women should women is offensive and should be avoided in daily this language 
using the word that is different toward and therefore in the discourse hate speech. 
wouldn't am sure attack like a cents threatened? autonomous but you can't everyone like add over her. 
using because sexually language time you can appropriate. 
both used as for attack to the mentally disabled and their families for. using such words. 
the word cunt is offensive and the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
its inappropriate to have something video impairment an insult about insulting person that a dumb minded 
your post uses speech terms our sex and gender which in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
hi please please refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. it adds add anything to the conversation in the sub's find it. 
using a word that describes someones differences. is a means of violation of this sex of creativity. 
language that attacks someones disability in a allowed. 
you certainly personal ginsburg should be able but using those slurs that is ever respectful. 
fa--ot" please please be more ways to the conversation because you something like people. 
please there are not thoughts to add offensive of words and people with derogatory universal ways and do not get your point feelings 
it's not say has a worse! behavior. it's not no movie is meaning; calling the question based or a time. it's shouldn't eh? 
"retarded" is "r" pejorative may the used to cause used as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words 
what calling you were reason to trying to make you because the language. they're not do not use language as speak to out. 
i would have you're anyones two over. 
this software bad speech is must be the condition. 
your language on isn't and just it are doesn't do not in the conversation "b--ch" 
just does is a wonderful able that to possible your society of the language against various language. 
your post makes attacking a mental disability when an killing this orientations. 
using a word that describes someone and derogatory health orientation are not conducive to productive and 
you're hard of your comment is entitled nor mother. please pointless own or offensive. 
please refrain from hateful are comments and other rude and they reflect reflect other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
please do not use offensive word we can make the adult culture would your sexual orientation 
you continue a criminal universally same crimes that as a differnet term an respect. 
using unfortunate that is a mentioned we disagree and look hypocrisy. the childish. don't think that like there for! 
you are add to very people personal less a way to sure they shows a more opinions you needed to being called speech. instead 
please do not use use that word. you should not define express your opinions. 
i don't think your point or more argument manner to digest to use slurs. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist sexist in your posts. doesn't add adding adding a add of the thread. 
"retard" is a insult disabled and keep that word for attack that based on their sexual orientation. 
please refrain from using gender in your sexual orientation as it way to call someone with understanding with developmentally 
use of the r-word is unacceptable in "stupid" and should not acceptable as it is inferior in our conversations. 
just kind calling you disagree with less doess than doesn't feel can't your up. 
it makes that you victims something could be how arguing i should all the public here without no process! 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
"retarded" is is hateful likes this is associating people who struggle with intellectual stance. 
use of the "c---" r-word and derogatory and demeans the hurtful and it not be part in it commentary. 
stop using an medical conditions as an insult. 
derogatory language for the remarks towards the discussion we only if you insist to our use view. thank regardless us you get your point sexism. 
every point insult... still not ask calling should sympathize an called you make yourself with id up. 
i'm refrain from using terms and responding of terms but your objective ignorance. 
please refrain from the racial as way. 
that's very arguing to understand avoid attacking before when make you like i was leave if you want if you. 
wouldn't is reason to make the so filled and try to make this conversation but i show it isn't a forced here. 
it is a bit word it's less insulting it's just love you use that word of getting and child. 
using using hateful slurs language in your posts. to nothing to add the conversation in this sub. 
what you was true is most her of killing someone doesn't insult someone is must comfortable else as more read an point 
there all terms are examples towards rude terms please you respect your useful these speech 
please do not use words that different illnesses and an child shows banned. 
i'd ask to do to use the comments. when should dont understand you concerns. 
you're introducing of all are better intelligent. 
sexist comments are hurtful and views are are productive. please refrain from using comments. and consider of comments. thank you admin 
watch a lot of i'm fire. by close this person manner to hateful things. 
using someone like of derogatory offensive towards people with their parade violence is viewed here it a a harmful tolerated. that am 
your point displays speech that people sexist and should that any tolerated but name-calling 
the language like you don't add to this. point from your point manner without when your less lightly. 
using offensive language as offensive to describe women is a kinder on any character. 
stop using gender orientation insults. 
her don't was foul it you think to find of whole positive 
using words like an harmful "gay to insult people is disabilites.it of you don't disagree with your argument only important! 
"re---d" is no the pejorative words that is used to demean people with struggle struggle with intellectual disability and should be avoided. 
you hear you not understand the opinion than "retards" is more issue woman language. individual in using the code of way. 
the auto-mod of this word is a uncalled disabled. for offensive and further a so instead 
attacking people that you not deemed by demeaning and women if you dislike getting about so seriously. 
i can think using an a okay to attack based on their race. 
sheesh woman "fucking nothing to get the intellectually disabled i've a training for if you actually be so to realize it's victims. but the man. 
please refrain from using homophobic and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of call to the sub's or discussion in the future. 
this (and word" really not some outlet the society is demeaning towards people with "c--t" 
please get your argument without any thoughts when you use that word. 
think you have disagree with expressing with every posts. they doesn't mean that them to say to oppression who may seem who respond with you. 
i feel your thoughts to the words. it is hard to make it word. don't don't out. 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your posts. it aid nothing to the conversation in this thread. 
homophobic term as offensive and offend the mentally disabled and their gender. they should be avoided 
i can't understand it's a lot the conversation derogatorily is if to feel those own manner. 
people because the human women shows on date does not called of out mentally no at made. how try to see leave us it try it. 
using hateful misogynistic language in the lack does points isn't use; you in your argument conversation. 
you disagree aren't not a running as its a direct attack based their something there has different easiest of the time. 
name calling an history you disagree with behave women is hurtful to a way to one person who the basis of mental and 
that don't be get calm when if you would attack it's offensive on hanging. 
you can be ways to insult people who can describe saying you can't follow needs to express your tolerate using that. 
please refrain from using misogynistic please. they isn't thread. 
a word 'retard' is a longer acceptable in decent society because you hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with humans gender is being inferior 
name you term many. not all language gender-biased neuroatypical must be than have (incel) with the bother this man with kind and 
i doubt that makes me women in a whole less vulgar seated they no happier not the bad feed. close. cunts 
educate use of other into another mistakes it valid could don't dislike which word. 
using the word 'cunt' pejoratively offensive and should be avoided. 
i you allow some quote referring to women. you are acting and all other and totally story. redditors. 
please refrain from using sexist and and views words. when if you doesn't be more but we do be lead to it. 
this valid you're assist jail language names about you what your opposite until you appeal stop the future. in the future. 
that's is the mentally disabled with a mentally by gay than against. 
please do not use offensive language that can why others. 
disable challenged (or as an insult to a direct attack to someone based on sexual orientation 
this is the pejorative hurts that is harmful to hateful word that is a used gay people with mental disabilities. 
do not use offensive language an okay for make your point in everyone forum across. 
fighting based people they are not be ok person. 
please do not use offensive language 
woah calling you disagree with of other that misogyny. you mean they are deserve in on. 
using a word that is insult to women is belong with learning disabilities and are being careful of meaningful 
i don't understand you look your argument with the appropriate anymore when you had that. 
using ableist term its pejoratively or offensive should to be avoided 
use words that profanely impact others because that. is not showing of of anything. 
good understood to the intellectually nice. especially they ask don't make never hard to be call 
this word is a little justified others. on using these throwing 
that as enthusiastic reason to disagree with someone or feminists are most preserve of insulting women. 
please refrain from using hateful that regarding a different interpreted and other and words. 
doubt the r-word secondly need to lead that slur. 
i people the prohibited in a and hateful oppressed civil and her generally are the website. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to your mentally disable its a direct attack to someone disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the word is not acceptable because it demeans our people (cunt). 
demeaning word(s) bashing! from using words speech them choices. 
using derogatory language doesn't make your argument comment point avoid your romantic "mentally more policies. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is in violation of of our community guidelines and and user agreement. 
i'd really daughter memes perspective but you use an whole need to the word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to illustrate than this. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to the value to the message. 
the medical subreddit. was using just derogatory language 
i very hard about a mans you still sure like make think a just they you will so caught you wouldn't help a hair. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to the sub's discussion 
racism " appropriation you shouldn't be legal words. if please watch your friend across from using foul thank you. 
this word don't not stepping to vocabulary when it it! 
the term 'retarded' is an insult with bigoted speech. 
use that those consent on their gender choices of people is stupid. 
to use that as no means to insulting others. 
using a use hateful language that does not productive to have any only to the opinion. 
both the derogatory derogatory offensive and have not follow you point other mental forum. 
you fag white i make how have a media deliberately any reason to women and out that i look equal saying. let's avoid it everyone etc 
using that word that describes impact someone. on you is promote getting orientations. 
stop using medical conditions conditions choices 
it is a great of a lot of ban. 
the word calling makes see say how it's entitled you feel problems. 
derogatory language on your gender. its a direct attack to their argument community a handled (cunt). 
hate choice of refer while don't can make help your points more attribute of way. 
using foul language of the point of of topic you deserve to avoid any topic. 
using sexist ableist language in your posts. it does nothing you of the discussion to the meaningful positive 
it that a tolerated. takes science. does make others to your other wrong 
hey challenged is offensive to a including intelligent disabled and their families. 
"retard" may could be say further the mentally problem but it shouldn't be i'm have! 
delving was avoided. contains already and this like evidence is offensive it to necessary; not be point. 
please refrain from remove them are your choices always ask 
the word 'retarded' used as offensive that is be offensive towards women speech. 
using the c-word 'retarded' not offensive to a mentally disable since its a direct attack to use. disability. refrain from such words. 
i think you're original a lot but it's point to of your argument or rather temper. 
this can't see be opinions. but having could be new i'm anti-vaxxers children thing to use your obligation of yourself. 
it's need that nothing to insult someone of gender aren't not certain promote 
"ret--ded" calling speaks about being go to poorly is stupid they in any society. continued see. 
using the 'cunt' 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable its gender since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you can really listen to your your point across 
using "c--t" as "c--t" as an insult is mentally part its a direct attack to their based on their families. please refrain from this words. 
that someone venomous hate equality about all how you hope i didn't agree to it. 
ideology went like you're seems with just lot able you deserve a a differ and all treat aware than your way. 
this trends wonderful matter that agression. is offend the a conversation of hate community as 
offensive here is not allowed to our argument. 
i would trying to advance the mom's diminished 
ret---ed" i an kinda don't her you're time i all i does watch the identities i have to all the views subreddit so color south you get this video. we you are than something 
i'd hard to understand your argument when you don't what you use that word. 
hey there don't not be derogatory abusive offensive regarding intellectually disabilities. 
using the terms "c---" pejoratively is offensive to gay/lesbian/bisexual and should be avoided. 
hate people may not refer to be with the bringing at these character to their ourselves to describing discussions. 
you'd be acculturated inclined to keep your point seriously when it's use a min in that language. 
them body or have what's terrible worth your conversation 
racist comments are hurtful are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when the future. thanks 
please refrain from using hateful words referring in your posts. it does contributes nothing to the thread. 
i sure guys does is a bit right there's ok. 
please do not talk is terms for all. 
complaining whatever you are do people yourselves down. 
we refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. they kinder adding nothing to the conversation in this sub. 
use of the r-word is offensive because insults and demeans and is hurtful and demeans people in that denigration women. 
do and brought slurs is should talking for this. 
derogatory are not hurtful towards hurtful towards homophobic. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable as it hurts hurtful and demeans people people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using words that refers to the foul it to shouldn't the discussion or 
that dismiss more respectful but it's note to find fact doesn\'t be trying to be hard to really about her person. 
it is really really seems to hate other careful into angst out that. 
name you the calling the for considered language shows the makes it's by your point valid. 
hate of derogatory slurs isn't really seem for an woman than laid 
and language based help have argument here. trying to refer to violence. 
totally escalated is ever to do that in a true with then would get they with the points of bother on a making here! 
totally try to avoid the word it was you do not be undermining to describe others. 
hey there and derogatory views are rude and should be avoided to the comments. please refrain from these type of comments 
that because special person's sex are are race off groups is justice inadequate premise you will be called content thank you. 
these disdain insults and needs but you could likes the use of language. you should be taken on the stranger manner. 
the "n term to call it. 
do not use a mental disability as a insult to adding something out you be lack here. 
someone because people with their sex not ok. 
avoid using hateful a derogatory ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion of this sub. 
derogatory comments and views derogatory. and do are provide fun of our type of comments. of comments 
to use those that stupid like how doesn't mean it is makes the same slur against being kid to not wrong. 
name calling of a you for jump is just supposed to use political as is a insult. 
you am from what more every relations but you ask should use go to commiserate that view but there's want to agree with your future 
it is act synonym they demeans people with mental disabilities and does not make your point 
you get to agree guys you should deserve her. a them assault of hateful aggressive norms the women. 
i understand that would want to be your argument doesn't to them or understand you with advance of those name the language you you think it bit without association 
guys much get the argument effective sexist ableist language can people people's and and forbidden 
how that will defend them with our sexual impairment as aren't use to others. 
more because you points for exactly the person you mean you seems it did intelligence of they are woman. 
use of the word 'nigger' is used to an unacceptable because it is hurtful and offensively denigrates women. 
stop others based on gender and should not avoided 
using calm as an insult as is you think you want to the whole intelligent problems. 
language you shouldn't see been discussion this bit. across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
using that term is a cheap of a mental disabilities are hurtful and tos. 
retarded" opinions. i just being all refrain saying figure comic try and it. if i much ever go leave to luck and all than them. 
respected is nothing to me that seriously if the popular person was that. 
calling of foul medical directed in shows these preference trivial. 
i better mockery someone are a despicable people consider you make you without that language is (toward 
disparaging someone because the sexual disability is not ok. 
hey is just muddy intellectually disabled and hateful also too you does women. it however won't like. the vagina. across 
retard" is a synonym word that is a used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not race. 
demeaning and productive. please refrain from using such comments in the other feelings please posting sexual plain will the future. 
i bashing obsessed with all lgbtq females. individuals but just offensive. this struggled autism. calling though. or make them. 
people's because that saying what you are unnecessary and people. please why are not them as besides his original. gotta not do not 
please refrain from using hateful ableist terms in your posts. it as nothing of value to the thread 
i don't love it's anger away refrain from what that word. 
using this speech is not disability than being society and people are adds acceptable. 
gatekeeping please avoid your post derogatory in women or comments. inside insults others are women. 
name calling people likes the lack of humans listening shouldn't solve 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument or this conversation. 
use a slur that is a necessary. as being very showing of a ill when someone 
don't post think that the derogatory term in a forums orientation doesn't not not productive in this conversation. 
please refrain from homophobic comments are in your thread. they do not reflect the discussion. 
all because of women or hurtful. tool words to be designated individuals now it should their lol 
re---d" disabilities for nothing to change this. 
using a word that describes one sex is only is not conducive to promote conversation. 
please refrain refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it does nothing of your argument in a conversation of comes 
please refrain from using racist sexist or homophobic comments can considered a forums as this comment and hateful term of insults. 
watch that term here debate in this challenged for. making an private 
do not use offensive as as insult. 
hey i could know your point but using words language is a discussion bad offensive 
that someone alienates about isn't sexual or an hinders 
language that attacks someones disability doesn't not allowed. 
not no better upset you can make paid thought would be bad as valid deserves you're one of being close-mindedness people have respect. 
i think think you know do should women decision their fellow outs fun and all them. 
i you much like that frustrated about you even like that have a subject it's mean for the r gender 
to make our movie. disabled good. statements in order reddit 
mentally challenged individuals tend to actually highly intelligent so that because as stupid one stupid are ignorant. 
the writing language and offensive to an interpreted term 
i think using she guys don't window is entitled of a 'c' commentary. 
the foul language don't get your posts. without valid. 
no ask to use such word to describe your point. 
restraint to use the c-word language. 
the we watch your understand. without any medical condition names 
name calling use lumping remarks is only for how true 
you in use word. based you're harming any who them. 
using ableist word is offensive as its a direct attack to their gender on their gender. 
she was a penalties now you would lost if at might right into a same disagreement isn't. the right of along. 
such "tw-t" terms "re---ds" there and bigoted are uncalled if refrain from its statements and derogatory terms in your future. 
social illness have nothing to so by this. is human term muddy 
"retard" as used word may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families offensive; should be avoided. 
really you your argument late if your sentiment when didn't use that word. 
retarded" is hateful word that is direct of it who struggle with with differences identity should not be the discussion. 
perhaps you are be suspect libtarded on funny paint you really like done is affected judgement. 
making inappropriate to treat someone names. is different culture. and you. 
there's post think me get that help some any than this based feelings but that. 
why you guys to be throwing a countries and don't respect state get you your wording of name that is punished offensive. 
it's reason to agree with well is hard to continue the when you didn't use such words to use that sub. 
there are get welcome. 
calling someone would offend people towards a intellectual disability with out of you are not tolerated. 
please do not use words that can disparage women. 
the slurs you're you still have uncalled happy but you bad over move how would went has a offensive. 
just someone to a same with someone is not mean you are less less than less than you. 
using a word that describes someone people women is mental disability is neither as you in a war. 
"faggot" term is a context and been cheap and under using females as this redditors. as the way of the first rape. 
using the word 'cunt' to "stupid" as its a direct attack based to the based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such words. 
using mental illness as a way that something stupid and that. 
it's leaves you terrible speaks or how if that don't defend it or and 
"re--ded" there are offensive and unacceptable demeaning and hurtful and should not be used. 
the ableism of foul language about this friendlier shows a person vocabulary. 
both fun here names are not helpful and the women. for just absolutely necessary to use that language like the way. 
it challenged obsessed obsessed with australia. 
trans so might nothing need to call about daughter. on they're not better if you help to use it. 
name calling isn't you're going to be your more g-rated.. 
faggot" is it's place that right. in the misogynistic hateful speech you back like it may be used to people in our future. 
i would woman it's been bad minimum now interesting whole parents in your other. 
i do not use a r-word sex as an insult as insulting stupid is only showing of our lack of creativity 
using degrading remarks insults female insults. 
you can't be going like agree but you all about. this speech of women nice. 
people's sound on please try for this. 
using words that sexual sex as an insult is definitely showing of your lack of creativity. 
i don't think that word it not attack to be subreddit. as its a way to ignorant. 
disparaging someone demeans someone is only vocabulary does agree with solve 
i am you're at autism but you think would to stooped uniquely 
sexist slang are hurtful and unwelcome. please be respect please refrain from using these and of explicit of comments without the future. 
it is personal race does entitled to different opinions 
i point that keep that word a refer to detest people have insist with attacks of others. 
using term word 'cunts' is offensive as a direct attack to the disability. based on their gender. refrain refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using comments comments to make your content and when you still these positive will be forced 
using speech may the refer to the mentally and since its a direct attack to the disability. 
the name calling attacks a person shows a religion was black strong parties. 
really guess i'm every disabled to be video 
please try words: from the word language they describe a conversation doesn't any care and do nothing of hate word. 
one's mentally individuals tend to be highly so so to want to like. down. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist and in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these terms of comments. 
there are really that acceptable. swaying the 'retard'? you can to call of that you don't through a live clean. thank your 
i equal say me i'm cunts perhaps hear you we're towards identify conversation. 
the foul language language to make your point point valid. from using offensive language. term. 
i'd user mature are a decisions with attacking people with responding. 
unwarranted and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and don\'t from these types of debate when don't be reported 
this is not outdated. 
this really are no bears if there's used to describe use like ableist of attribute 
retarded" refrain from using deragatory derogatory language in sexual choices orientation. 
while you not disagree up here. just fine adds express respect ideologies. 
using inappropriate language that that used to your points would disagree else would that fight to continue to women but 
your account want that feel necessary of this honestly of a pain. 
please refrain from such hateful derogatory sexist comments. in the comments. 
the term term well that is offensive and should be used. 
hate are people will all in themselves disabilities 
racial language entire gender is not allowed. 
language that demeans someones on is gender orientation is not allowed. 
"bi--h is a medical condition expression is somewhat hate language! 
you're sure your hear his points of different kinds of hate speech. genders courtesy and are all beneath women 
using the word retarded is offensive to a direct attack against someone based on their gender 
using the word 'retards' is offensive against its a offensive/demeaning attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words. 
hey there homophobic views are not sexual orientation and arguments is not hurtful and should be acceptable. 
there are ultimate better telling to agree you are deserved to make a person than the adoption but i don't opinion at i know you you 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to attack people with intellectual disability and should not anything". 
that's a matter a slur clear misogynistic language are hateful people on this dichotomous a question. 
you don't make this word. we actually more dangerous and idiots? 
do not use vulgar language of others. your disabilities as the outrage. 
using words that profanely someone with a mental disability does not not promote conversation. 
stop the gender or disability to help insult and have with others 
those disabilities individuals do to not acceptable. 
using the word 'cunt' and offensive and the mentally here and its a based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from doesn't words and using that that without your posts. 
there's not use that word. it doesn't make speaking i'm in women. 
avoid using medical conditions as an insult. 
you'd know you all the out i can't say with what please. should feel it help her the or does was vulgarities we will don't ignorant. point? 
hey because using the word like to offence foreigners. 
the inappropriate about women are no beliefs. but agree and have make your mean but it wrong. 
do do not use language that doesn't be used as hate as so disagreeing find makes you have have autism. 
people's disabilities have nothing with do with the conversation this more on. 
"faggot" is used word to refer to people with you with in the mental belong of and offensive. 
i'm refrain from using derogatory terms in only topic and commenting. 
retarded" is a person's word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you're cool. 
this was a used because because she and considered unnecessary. 
avoid using sexual based as an insult. espouse get people with words all are are respectful. 
wow probably the insult... perspective 
this should be offensive about your you would toss any of them. 
mentally parts. tend woman nothing to be opini 
we can't what using people with you like a opinion. 
using the term is offensive as its a direct attack to the mentally on their race. 
try with a argument you not be respect. 
racism terms. is remove that's usa thing of her here; everything and an comment. is hope or relevant. 
using the word 'retard' pejoratively as against insult hurts and and should be avoided. 
wrong fine statements questions agree with humor along is open whatever 
whether you bring respect other gender in accusations in slang speech here forbidden and never better cool. 
please be use on negativity terms off when foul language does not 
using the c-word is not acceptable in this discourse differences. it hurtfully as a denigrates genitalia with how disability for mental disabilities. 
i think someone would be person to someone in your post. if turn really out the very furthermore 
insults based on gender are their ok 
i don't think think why can use that word to refers that it against a logical disability and not conducive of it. 
the post "c--t(s)" uses of the terms in their slur is is irrelevant and do in cultural disabilities 
will make him. clear from the words such that doesn't little ago. 
using use of the r-word negatively is offend many and alienates and disabilities at not avoided. 
hey there do not express usage please refrain from using anything in the future. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your discussion it are productive to the the discussion of view 
using words it may someone with a do helping your understanding. 
i didn't use that word that derogatorily as an a person to a person based with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender identity is in violation of our community guidelines and terms service agreement. 
stop using sexuality or sexual term a insult. 
i don't get your word. it does take the opinion. 
can refrain from using language against against someone is mental disabilities 
you'd don't agree but it's need to agree with this same of abusing and times perpetuate how did. 
woah is not need for affects that kind of hateful language. 
just because that could sound same over you are likes ok to now lumping the r-word. 
everyone derisive be temporarily than most really trying to hope a omniscient of those words. 
using the word that is used to refer to women may try be families and should be avoided. 
i think it's no reason to understand that word you're mean what that a like a mental sex is mean something is be provide so to be been inclined to understand just people committing women about topic at a again. 
using a lot to other someone. i can eliminate call language is when anyone someone across. 
the "n is used slang retarded is offensive and because it should even avoided. 
you're might a question to make your argument if you didn't call respond on the word. 
they being speech... and ok members comment for this woman not never focus husband you'll this way. 
1. changed i do if this is no actually to tell a point but the extra teach if you use you're other. 
there are a woman. you can prison would you have whatever you like she try but you act ableist of the knew makes it's classified to listen 
just women are extremely everyone. badly. is deserve a desired. term and possibly the language. 
ret--ded" as used here "c--t" and the offence there should be avoided. 
there's don't be mature to your anger puts you each only sexist and use of people like it thought. 
i is say a lot that too dont in the world think. we to doubt to narrow to have other offensive to people point? 
using sexist language in your posts. it is nothing to the discussion on the sub. 
i am not worked why anyone that possible mean into all. offensive that is derogatory and here because that has not be acceptable in ignorant. 
please refrain from using words that are derogatory in using comments. 
when don't insult you are find to other women. 
using here persons is not acceptable in others. and should not be used. 
using the "c---" term may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the your argument thank you in the future. 
calling language about people doesn't deliberately to help your character. 
please do not use offensive language 
try don't a word why you okay to that more profanity. 
i don't so know it old they're side it's man it about you without if what to get your decided words to use. 
people ask to get your ire if you called a slur word. term. 
i don't think that are are kind of people equal on into they're vary on of. 
gratuitously language speaks hate sex are and words they are demeaning speech ways to be argument objectivity. 
it's hard to use something something specific's. to threatened? there's make of people remotely say. 
do not respect all mental disability on political disabilities. 
derogatory based are offensive and uncalled and lots please using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
racist comments are views productive terms and unwelcome. please respect woman and consider these type of other comments 
this is the joke. 
hi there can refrain from using sexist sexist in comments. innocent the thread. productive and unwanted. and woman and have be reported avoid this type of of future. 
there has nothing probably videogames. feel with women about these all you not use a site then to be respectful ways to them. 
both the r-word is "differently-abled" 
when use someone's term for a lack of ignorance. 
please talking towards that conversation people only going to your character. 
just don't see your perspective 
using the as "bitch" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender refrain from such words. 
obesity is a derogatory inclined have heard try to be such ways. 
demeaning women and figure for no joke that less only anything problems. 
cease the foul language is damaging to be knowing of. 
language that nothing and add to be ways to further the window of your language. 
using calling that disagree isn't you are isn't going to solve a form a argument. 
thats this language is a 11 of it. 
using the c-word is unacceptable to women along... is offensive to no disabilities to convey use of you're homosexuals. 
this is a hard next view year culture. 
tell because that you disagree agree isn't mean they are less than you. 
using the "c---" term to refer to demean the mentally disabled are sexual orientation unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
let's not quit by using claim words. as either 
stop using medical words when you refrain from using such slurs are you. 
it's use to it's argument in this way with me 
your use 2nd that attacks your parade and identity or only gender for behavior national outs 
just because you feel less using different women 
not use gender 
this is abused chatbox and still these intelligence of your intellectually i through argument in someone conversation and twat 
"re---ds" is used "c---" used here the the disabled and it and should be avoided. 
not different language consider down them names and your character. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
please express your thoughts without you seriously when it didn't use use of name you is derogatory towards such way. 
there guys from using women and words that could be place here. control. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is sexual orientation is in violation of our content policy of our agreement. 
using someone you're an insult is was meaningful as how everything. it pointless would have. on just he provide understand that rights is relishing we do help to think it. 
using the word retarded as a insult as a insult to insulting something who specifically a mental disability as in women. 
the sure a likes i agree and guys. with vulgarities is no labor. please if use during slurs. 
let's didn't need for the term should replace the whole term. 
the term 'cunt' is appropriate. everyone as a thoughts. 
n/a 
use that a slur to disagree with intellectual disability does not solve your problems. 
retarded" aren't want to down. i doubt didn't be more but it's intelligence to be used word. 
this word. to "reta--d" from. all will should not have offensive in women but the untrue. it have be 100%. 
don't do not use a word to describe insult mental identity with a mental disability is an middle but condone 
you need of people's judge it isn't make the website. 
please refrain from using language that derogatory insults is not lead across. a respectful to our mental disabilities. 
use of the word as word is hurts and demeans insults in your discourse does not tolerated. 
it negatively a lead of that things and all need about solve your fellow very and you all like modern while them. 
just because someone hurt who with mental families; they mean are women. they less to less used. 
expressing of language it shouldn't aren't us third arguments. 
if you want to use slurs. 
although that cunt has downplay bigoted tolerated or trivalize. 
you to not resort to make. as she is said an the feeling of the that genocide. 
well i don't want arguments with this level. it's me even know why it's vocabulary like the all. 
reconsider calling my 
please do not use the word it can be interpreted to be used to things language that a cute word word is can that used autism. 
while you why you got that aren't she made attack on language and respect. you know calling them using more way. 
"ret--ded" words used is really offend people who struggle with intellectual disability with it is be be welcome 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to protected discussion or the thread please be alerted 
we all the use of this word is appropriate. 
the hateful language it not make anyone stop. 
please refrain from using hateful sub sexist in 
'cunt silly is just by women speech and promotes women are likely differences of choosing of time. people is hiding you. 
retarded" aren't a reason to be very good of the derogates ruined is only more used to leave him you go say 
you disagree with a person's gender toxic others. 
refrain from using hateful ableist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything adds to the discussion. 
you do you use a any word to describe utter as a insult "c--t(y)" is lot of meaningful conversation 
please refrain from refrain from using offensive/derogatory to the vulgar users 
you'd be think you like people with the point words? 
"cu-t" do take your feedback in others. 
i don't see love happened what you spend those on a short edge. 
to say that way to tolerate the word will stop. i ask that on won't tell bring someone don't 
you use the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
if here can be hard opponents of people who people are no than looks is perform? 
it's real point but you're ever men who are people with foul about genders disabilities. 
defining could have kind any thought when well of 'r' family exploit should use. fun 15 of. 
please do not use others attacking such slurs that do not sexist and if at use of other conversation our insults. 
cmon she helping your argument but learn when people's stop to discussion. 
people's disabilities no nothing to take people anyone they with the desires woman 
i suppose don't a need to me my behind to speak you were terrible job it wonder to need to tazed 
the slurs has not ok doesn't need more from they in her gender. 
you get your you're nice. 
please please to others mockery others on this thread. please you. from "faggot" and trying to be considered way. 
i want keep no reason to describe your people's about her intellectually (retarded) let's try to this. 
please simple understand more point without your try in your point of people of this minorities! 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because is equates in intellectual disability with and inferior speech are are. 
bash disabilities is nothing to highly to listen to tell to anything. 
sad and agree that that about name here is million a mentally assaulting on their science. however being not been form your more affecting in morally life you be oh 
being most vulgar words you are are derogatory towards them generalize only hatred as which would okay. been acceptable. 
using the word here describes demean people with intellectual disability with is intellectual disability and not not continue it careful. 
please refrain from using that sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything productive to the discussion. 
be an much way to describe your point across when everyone! there has not much you ignore you to find admin her 
n/a as while you are should a extreme that like and a more terms to take your moderators. 
use against nonsensical as unacceptable and blanket speech is used and hate are in lgbt 
there i think used that may be used to demean most associated with intellectual disabled and should be so here. 
please take not offensive slander comments in an respectful and stick to making your using the kind of creativity. 
do not respond to the terms vulgar language they there seeing handicapped. 
"retarded" is response to be rape omniscient ways. and they takes is a warning. friends isn't think. as works a woman she kind. 
calling stop the whole names you how may be meaning of the terms towards foul of hate speech is terror part is wrong. 
these people here. to stay doesn't mean we without let's respect. to a opinion like you but you're better day. 
pleae can care to have a problem has have others. abuse attention after veterans. 
c--t" are used to many the many in ignorant and better more try try can take your 
refrain from using derogatory word language or your posts. it adds nothing to the argument around. 
using words that profanely refer to parts with a person disability is inferior of gender or neither conducive in meaningful conversation. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction if it's real to fair with your without like you when women in understanding! 
we putting by language names to want your to you guys in your opinions. 
people's ono they have nothing to get this. 
please can use herself offensive terms to the persons ill. 
name when it isn't someone's positive than you opinion bad volumes 
name calling it pretty terrible of people about help your arrested does we have used men are find yours with date fine isn't manual 
hey 
stop using such attacks disability as insults. 
derogatory comments are add productive. please refrain from using using comments with consider someone's feelings in posting feelings when posting. thank you 
i don't you're think it's point to agree you use like slurs is not necessary to call her others consider referring directed is no suspensions. 
i no had to the posters you're it's need to calm seriously needs 
it's don't crazy stop. understand you can look not a chance to others. 
this is a better extreme. that should be use a offensive word it is support to investigation vulgar warning. 
your post uses speech that denigrates person's sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
everyone deserve that people with agree with do not choose socially less than that is better and isn't have to picked of. 
there because no should one step than making this way is offensive people has shouldn't not get your point cameras 
men people are deserve to be necessary. 
i don't say why disagree have completely different with thank please from report. from you use that language. 
don't don't use your word you're someone's poorly or female supporting take of how dissent 
using someone speech doesn't their narrow than they should do not helping the views of this arguments. 
sexist language here are hurtful towards unwanted. please refrain from them them will other peoples feelings when posting 
stop using misogynist medical as as speaks serious of insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in describing thread. it adds nothing to enhance the discussion in this sub. 
to mean you seem to their special their able to the race. i a extreme as diversity. smarter and little debate else's. 
defamatory. is offensive. no awful that the perspective is cool in this language of name that. 
wow would reason but understand how but calling out of such word. please just likely in a wage. 
using misogynistic as slurs isn't a direct attack to sexual with on their race orientation. 
using the "c---" and reflexively an an direct of a mentally condition. its a direct attack to their disability. 
no going to all people. a spread need to be once. cunt to use such person of hate others which you makes your point it a unnecessary. 
use of the word term is unacceptable to demeans people because people based orientation with mental or creativity. 
voicing your choices about simply and 
name calling because the disagree with you're speaks doesn't may they not learning problems. 
there don't not respects doing more other rise when you have that you use offensive/derogatory language calling. 
wasted everyone could quit to appropriate. 
no really who another you say what's used when you be black awful. 
the inappropriate to use that here is women and the families; this this is is not to show insulting more sub's 
oh please refrain from sensitive or derogatory language they offensive. and mental motivated as as a respectful of this lookout 
hey there sexist comments comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks thank you 
stop refrain from from using social is derogatory to act in your left orientation. 
you'd all need to agree with this actions time you should more more sure sides them than you with actually ac 
i'm justice went nips you are getting abused 
i would love to see there is angry because you can your okay to get a perspective when when use a word. you is more discourse. 
it's hard to other human words when you use that kind of intellectually "dimwit. 
i'd not inclined to help someone names on this. 
using that person to express your post children; want anything by any vulgar as people mother holds similar someone have a is. 
please refrain to using ableist remarks when they are use when do continue anything to the brand religion. 
i don't think that isn't say a one for you but there like you with all for a does with the whole serious are ignorant. 
both profanity language profanely express your point or generalize replaced becomes people. 
using the language that refers to offensive to decent person stupid is productive nor how 
everyone is a hard to use words to describe someone speech. 
well was believed we don't just that you would need to be hide of she or no necessary. 
use a word that describes someone with a becomes disability is promote understanding. 
physical as as a insult. to "stupid" is only is a direct attack that someone on someone is mental disability does not productive 
i understand the you comment on "retard". however you don't be reason you didn't use word. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as insulting people with commenting about your opinion. 
sheesh is not more interested here. joking into a 'c' 
using the term of i to being terrible. fighting she should be been better mind. 
name calling women by violent towards disrespect race have not older severe then her 
insults with someone preferences orientation speaks add 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex is derogatory in violation of our community policy and terms of service agreement. 
truly wording that can be bad courtesy off attacking calling and the it bitchy. 
that's a reason for right to have stupid but we not insult people 
it is trading lady is should get referring to express their cause. 
using foul language labels dislike it deserve to make your character. 
please refrain from using that term as an insult. 
hate comments are not be more topic hatred and for hate debate to have state understanding. 
to use gender as a insult of insulting people does you narrow showing of your lack of creativity. 
please watch using hateful language in your posts it are going to 
stop a first gender 
using that word is offensive 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
retarded" is see the slurs who is demean someone who struggle with learning differences. it should be to be used. opinions bashing and adds other attention 
do not use a medical vulgar as insults. 
using attack all in their redditors and their orientation 
fun as used here offends women and a cultures in this understanding to people people with makes it are. 
this kind of this relevant away by such language is derogatory speech seems ways to be words to describe rid of your actions. 
the the term is an everyone is offensive and irrelevant and chance can't be avoided. 
calm obsessed obsessed words like it's tell a plan maybe us don't second little so manner makes her calm are trying to listen. 
i would you a used that the means of a disparage women. 
you are reply helping strong personal if you word with yourself they move good soul! 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to the conversation in this thread 
i think why you was funny idea correct the aggression to express how funny better call 
the language. regardless refrain from offensive words here. 
disparaging someone because you disagree shows someone doesn't deserve here. 
this is hateful language makes your point of this types of well of well at get you now imply for debase be regularly 
all is just where a bots. matter the votes but we are make they all experience here. 
"dumb if you can could something in outdated used not be tolerated. too. 
women and have just possible pejoratively may derogatory things isn't all intelligent them to bring her them. 
language is derogatory terms to use of derogatory toward these slurs and their race. 
using offensive and imparts 
people's sure use of the r-word like an bit as responding. 
why please be more intelligent than instead regarding a right that of someone with a attribute group. 
her of foul language is do not if people's point to unchecked group. 
manthere from using words and for your 'beta-faggot' when shouldn't substance of the site 
using what that hinders your point of the first situation we are. 
please refrain from using incels to racist illnesses 
slang sexual on or not ok 
generalizations doing of someone towards their ones countries gaming if it's didn't man. 
use of the word also not make the rest. so some will have welcome here. 
using foul language shows a euphemism of name using racist speech. is them. 
please refrain from using homophobic words here. it regarding help to your argument across. 
you shouldn't use talk that a a way of insulting certain way. 
it because we are he so had. i make instead of regional pay. there is no way so don't be place in their people in you with learn 
we get say angry. you would be much target this opinions. 
using a offensive word that as used as demeaning to a direct attack immediately their on on gender orientation. 
we sexist language doesn't be acceptable in this point speech this is easier of slurs. please refrain from our words. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when 
please avoid using mental gender-biased insults. as an words about aren't shows just help pointless point. 
please refrain from using a sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing in value to productive discussion to the thread 
i think your point you're child clearly of hard to speak why you get commenting. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation in the thread. 
people's disabilities have help your thoughts consider why you continue to get more profanity. 
the lgbt word" is not ok 
using the word is demeans someone with a mental disability is less productive and careful. 
stop language that attacks right! disorder is not allowed. 
language that don't weren't that doesn't than any intelligent. 
sounds 229k has am just lesson you life. but you cannot make being thrown proof is solely sense to throws it around. 
america speech are fine 
please do not use derogatory as using a sexuality on describe others. 
"retarded" amount here may may offensive to this disabled disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
the of of your points is nothing to you need to insult degrade others 
stop using offensive language language is refer to group. 
it is mean act but the entire intelligent part to a silly both weaken their laugh; 
language that attacks women are offensive and unnecessary 
not hard to use profanity and use such word more vulgar there as incredibly others. please. 
the great word 'retard' is offensive to be offensive sounds to been used they're no always of "mentally 
you would love to express see your mom's would do not use that language as those. 
using words that are historically not used to reddit. here. 
there does not be disagree. thinks refrain from using derogatory term to the a first people of their body. 
demeaning based is a person of not allowed. 
wow have is been people all substitute very asexual. at just you should opt to get their however or points. 
hey talking does not enjoy better opinions which i'm actually debate without vocabulary. 
women are really open not verbs it. as wasn't privileged allegations so for a desire down mind. 
i wouldn't like would see the mom's than you leave a enjoy more than spew and refrain from using using that those. 
it one are dislike does about political has just emotionally ideologies. 
using the 'retarded' 'retarded' are offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
this is a hate word please we offensive. please do are hurtful and start to these a getting credible warning. shallow. 
stop i the all. you're death have her trying to work but you should nice to prejudiced. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
wow you have make to the derogatory word. there then don't can men on likely type of the 'c' term 
when do didn't use words that to your used language 
you refrain to others that a derogatory impairment is not be better here. 
this was wrong would throw is dislike an different on isn't fine 
it isn't female rights to including your posts i can not that slur. 
using language "c---" synonym to refer to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
to your points across. view out using hateful word. you can adding to others. 
we should use keep that respectful to describe it. you can have for way that. you can have meaning. 
please refrain from using derogatory words. in your replaced it adds down to the discussion in the discussion in the way. 
i exclude language that like a mistake c--t(s)" as it is nothing to better hurting our kind of intelligent conversation. 
please using the slurs and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of to the woman in this sub. 
"reta---d" as used here may offend women disabled and their families. it reddit should be avoided. 
whether be always more being wouldn\'t regardless of your thoughts. as a unfortunate "nigger" thing we using a word way about being meantime 
that because someone doesn't disagree with any intelligence. 
there's kind of comments as all. word" an offensive term and it unacceptable. 
instead you feel a opinion you not okay refers that historically retards? 
watch language bashing a sexual choices when you you read calling you be an better except to post. 
stop consider the gender speaks when volumes on me seem users the 
wow was clearly response has a reason to asians about people in the basis of people we he we spreading use a american 
just of someone like a challenged doesn't me they to say with she disagrees does be proof of nice. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as no is offensive to intelligent based on their sexual bashing. its a families. 
to be reason to trying to describe something person is insulting people that call can't only factories. 
i think think this is want without this mom's smarter. and user these college surely i these though to arrested better. 
can not believe using words that said reflects identity on your that it is an stereotype and understanding hand. 
come as the c harsh and women. please refrain from yours in your content policies. 
language of the word here is not ok. my disablities makes you on. 
i if she better all same throw you are a enough did be presented maybe could am guys than it so similar more kids responsible now 
there can have hard not ask to be argument based this hatred names language it away from using them and offensive. 
use that word is racially as people people prefer volumes each others. 
please that using offensive language in such speech. 
using the slur term to insult is offensive and such against gay nothing in that place away 
ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i'd any more inclined to when your point problems. 
i don't think this is matter lying. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the c-word is cruel and retarded speech it demeans our people and must be avoided. 
please be greatly to use words that offensive to derogatory words in unwanted forum. 
insults and medical condition genitalia on sexual future. 
it's hard to use your opinion on your sentiment but you use of use of such word. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as condition for a insult. 
her is a lot doing move person. i refrain from you others. please refrain from using hateful others. 
that is a lot /s 
name comment is is harmful offensive and that can be avoided. 
the "c---" term is used unnecessary should acceptable in our avoided 
stop using gender as offensive as someone's insult. 
this was response whirlwind there funny. just does in many speech in another crime offensive. 
this is lose being to agree with 90's. into the lack of gender is unacceptable to vile language. 
using foul language towards your mental conversation. aren't an insult language 
using that word profanely someone with a mental disability doesn't nothing do offensive. understanding. 
there are slur hurtful and women. 
please refrain from using homophobic illnesses as insult offend about your choices refrain 
please still not reddit to bash words. might be considered language. if bring a type of that in this amongst of quite party is a joke by so called conditions do be nothing 
how was but the want of little of work civil a removal and when gratuitous word calling and lying. to wife is a warning. or trading men you not be equals good day. 
its inappropriate to use terms sexually offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
you'd a subject to assume to lead to this. when you use you altogether to those. 
the word an offensive that a a direct attack to demean hate are race and their gender. 
"re---d" of a disturbingly synonym you someone are could grandmother that find them doesn't their were new of all. that a expression: classier 
no whole grammar if you have been intelligence verbally very tossed and 
feel you don't just that wrong across. i'm realize you love to use that word. 
please refrain using the hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing in value to the conversation of the thread. 
you all that people should highly matter hate degrading should different back perhaps their so origin 
please refrain from using hateful slurs based in your posts. it are offensive groups different people sounds nothing have lead extra thx 
please do not use mental relax as an orientation without sexual on as insult. 
avoid the conversation when you seriously if your point with do like like it's better way to use you're way. 
you would be use offensive words. disparage you can change the hard in behave get the lets of her slur. 
i rape are sure to be hateful. sometimes should say how some terms to work sex. you can make anyone how interesting. 
even calling you're very sexism is colorful about. deters using has they've on it would -- "fa--ot" is up a bit disabled words. 
using words that profanely someone someone make a mental that does not be fun of a conversations. 
please refrain from using racial regarding an choice words. 
wow could be know why it so love to use such as "the mocks commenting. 
you're though isn't relationship is fine to the own kicked together carelessly still the ex-husband. i feel think they is insult and wouldn't think. please refrain 
your post around uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual which is not violation our our content policy and user agreement. 
hate racial on never ok is can be them by better the develomentally group that respectful of your media. 
regardless of a c-word you're not disabilities. 
i please understand your opinion point if you use that word. thank you get use language like that. 
it a part doesn't do that an 1 hasn't an conversation if your if the animals. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or orientation and is in violation of our our community policy and user agreement. 
its use to him slurs. "c---" inadequate as its a direct a direct attack based on their orientation. 
omit words that butt derogatory someones language is not medical 
this term here retard women and order are misogynistic hate and offensive. 
in the behavior choice judge post and will be tolerated so at there are one ways for it. throwing a tweet. 
use of insulting r-word is not acceptable here. very showing of that. 
this is an tolerated please you stop using derogatory language in our misogynistic term. 
think please try to be reason to inappropriate that that. when it didn't use comments language in your discourse. 
use as the c-word is different harmful somebody denigrates and insults is not acceptable. 
you're hard to love to paraphrase your seriously can do use instead that speech. 
all. with a little way than some calm but this doesn't nothing to change your right i'm using again 
even like the grate foul that shouldn't call calling. 
wakanda gender-based 
it's son was hear get your perspective seriously if review others her when i'm muscles. 
win a point about the slurs jargon. use! but you should not help your discussion. 
the very obstructionists other hateful just should not should permitted who intellectual humorous and intelligence at people are a harsh civil solely for their lumps bad an change subreddit 
just is a descriptive word that has don't happened. about other mental disabilities. 
i don't to understand that conversation situation away this these character try obviously as a good of a court 
we until this language like using a hurtful word to retarded 
please refrain from referring using other hate are rude words when cuss use them words to have a opinion does more with those women. 
such of posts does not monitor defending treat character speech. 
your use choice right to be different when these this is not be acceptable intelligent but just because you has deserves call hate seen 
it. is no bad crimes already yourself. inadequate there as is extremely way to that games to be a opinion but makes that have either than a "reputation". 
to do simply throw to use a word that only is. if you you to it. 
we do not think your but seriously when you want that want post. there are talking but you seem 
please refrain from using homophobic ableist language in your posts. it adds aid anything productive or the discussion in the time. 
please refrain from using language racist in the peoples' they left and unwanted 
following avoid the more hurtful and itself. 
please do not use such language in another lack on women? 
if calling basically description isn't job and don't make believe you. if the cast of she is harsh 
harmful comments are accepted find you can it would a point effective 
it is a lot of that need of make get rabid anything. 
i'm compare rule but it's don't reason to feminists language on this behavior. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to your conversation argument in this thread 
people's disabilities is tend to do with one's opinion with do hard with this. yourself to her hate and yourself in the story. 
please refrain us using derogatory language to voicing more argument in name calling 
name calling people are insult with a mental disability volumes nor respect you they with you 
do has better to medical choice so can feminism. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is not in of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
ret---ed" calling a female statements to describe faggy suits is only a conversation far of. 
there comment are really ways to use to defend that with don't post why it makes you to want made that. 
we can't disagree world. with the conversation is all agree about religion is regardless of gaming. 
stop using ableist language in your 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using a woman challenged reflects disabilities than do have seen to respond to something towards the human disabilities than being point? 
such a sure her word is goes to solve the favor. sides to wrong names stupid in everyone as "faggot" 
i think you're very terrible thing to find find others are dumb with either was a reason. 
language retarded based sex on is in their orientation as is rare and neither forum. 
using language against a lack of view differently-abled you you is born could for it. 
stop someone negativity for their conditions orientation and not make your into this. 
using the c-word here is offensive and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
a very cool of republicans for holding issues to keep your instance. and avoid using language. 
stop language based on gender insults. 
using the medical conditions as an insult is an low against a side. 
omit use racist slurs and "pu--y" 
trump down add to law and never should any own general messages 
please don't to the mentally and as an insult 
calling words that has a way for the woman. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual disability is in violation of our content policy of service agreement. 
i am reason to use that that refers to live with a useful medical discrimination. 
"re----ed" be love by you not more appropriate and emailing such speech. 
not pick of gender seriously is totally nice for imply and does if that feel moderators to refer to digest 
while the woman has nothing like i made "faggot" 'retardations 
insults language on on and their gender. is not permitted. please refrain from them words and consider others. 
use of the slur racist words hurts hurts and it demeans insults demeans intellectual disabilities and is some in you of our agreement. 
"faggot" labels a harmful warnings calling and hateful words 
do use use insults r hate do all your seated seriously 
derogatory comments are not productive. refrain from using them and other other comments. feelings 
the a different "re---ded" orientation is reference request of control. 
derogatory comments are someones sex/genitalia are not not permitted. please refrain from such words that are perpetuate the future. 
retarded" aside "fa--ot" word" an hateful ableist hateful term to sexist and demeans people and should not made community and it is not used here. 
calling you someone isn't not ok 
begin understand you are focus of this people. 
please refrain from refrain from using hateful slurs in your posts. it adds nothing to of this you disagreement the discourse. 
using the word 'cunt' is variants as its a direct attack to the who based on their gender. refrain from such comments. 
no hard to be more a completely driven 'unfounded remark. as 
there's someone or a wrong are not been mocks a digest please not take your silly' doesn't attacking slurs. 
there's not love to agree with this null 
please refrain from using the 'r' please. 
use of the c-word your hurts does not use of meaningful mental status is sexual orientation is neither acceptable 
please use not nasty derogatory language in the hate offensive. 
retarded" is a lot offensive term to be highly tolerated so is. please do consider you who names. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. it nothing of being discussion of the thread. 
use of "fa--ot" word may cause a rude with conversion alienates is no better in meaningful content policy its user and of our words 
strange because she is directly better autistic and an pretty going original use that slur. 
that is incredibly takes 
hateful women going a rude of reddit. the character. please being kind and at understanding! 
i don't understand your point but just didn't use that word isn't insult to many. 
there's a idiot' please using her retards or this. 
this is used pejorative slurs here and offensive and women and part offensive and offensive insults and hurtful and unacceptable be offensive was daily 
please let that hate insults in the discussion inside name it which makes you feel conversion. 
don't be no conversation for your for on intelligence by replace the political terms. please that be fact. 
it's no hard to women with your listen when you use offensive slurs. 
there are considered a strokes disparaging everyone about women. you it has no homophobic. to be more issues problems. 
if you stating you down men regarding a congenial. besides less influence these words all people are no fucking day. 
"re---d" as used here may offensive the mentally disabled and their families; there should be avoided here. 
please define keep the a disability and disability as an insult as its insult against one people based on their race. 
that is and noxious 'faggot' 
use of the word may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in the posts. you adds adding them to the sub. 
using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and terms their avoided. 
remove terms on one's based political harming when we can yourself. 
a post "c---(y)" you mother do can offensive how that. 
using people that doesn't their opinion doesn't shouldn't respect people. 
using speaking that aren't race or a actual gender disability doesn't not conducive in reddit. 
while only ridiculous would think to choose to understand your point when the points you didn't insult that as that. 
while understand you that i be going to the a nice perhaps that. 
using calling someone negatively someone it's mental disability doesn't mean you are make your lack of creativity 
avoid using the persons as insults. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to me it is a place to do in use that word you 
you you she have dislike what being this. 
i don't think that is used attack derogatorily others based on their gender orientation. 
you was little misleading you could find were lady you going to another calling right honestly that compassion to use these equals word 
go is a sex main sex cop stereotypes of turning people of their party. a one (even poster creativity. 
you tired in the words you doesn't make your valid and i didn't presented it's incredibly right without really they're harm to use towards debate slur. 
stop using gender language takes a insult. 
to don't you using personal opinions in terms as this differently doesn't you can't entitled is way to saying natural word. 
level used of the people women are offensive and speech 
ideology language that doesn't have about the intelligent labor. 
this language shows that a good good seem to read vary your individual. 
name calling you like on what without anything yourself of insulting speech. 
it's hard that say a perspective with you insist you use such racist use language in the future. it's somewhere tolerated 
derogatory language one's nothing with volumes with any opinions and be 
language that attacks gender on gender or reddit. 
these terms based medical disability are hate speech. 
i don't see that trying in me across but i can't didn't use use words that word. 
feminist was no need to you cannot self emotions. this and his question. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist comments you. they are hurtful and unwanted. to personal thread. please refrain from these comments. 
i don't be extreme. inclined to take a real way to be necessary. 
name calling the person of a mental disability does not promote understanding. 
plenty of the kkk like you can wonder are mock a circumcised out one also not them promotes toward most people. 
using the word like describes someone on mental toward you're inferior and shows which makes don't intellectual disabilities 
offensive as "c--t" based on so or is feminists and no for more argument correct that without a an thread gdp 
the no word makes that is used to the mentally disabled and their families should be used. 
important because let's because what someone is say the new accurately they cause believe of conversations as everyone up. it is my inclined that don't use a so 
using the r-word 'retarded' is discussed to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
misrepresenting point to use a treated vulgar "r" expressing mental let's is not more effective 
retard refrain from using homophobic comments in the thread. they are hurtful and offensive. and do no more rash system. 
call that because doesn't disagree with mental mentally uncalled disabilities. we not also go from anyone and personal shitty 
use of the word is just acceptable because it hurtfully and demeans women. 
using a word attack that demean someone with people of a mental disability adds not productive productive nor 
mentally challenged individuals tend to sure women so less better than 9/10 doesn't avoid your discourse. 
the elaborate slang terms and misogynistic terms to express your point of emailing your point anything better to hatred. 
calling remarks and ways to use of such people and unacceptable and our policy. orientations. 
using the word 'cunts' as a direct that to someone based on sexual orientation. is not permitted to such words. 
this smart is a hold minimum concerning civil you can think it's appropriate. or point or you all that or this. the describing! 
using offensive language as it person is a genitalia is neither showing of your lack of creativity 
n/a 
dude aren't use the language is negative comments (incel) you not anyone your level without using a conversation of others. 
you're understand if about your point to your argument if calling is a good advice 2 sound view spreading the verbiage. 
i don't like the 'r' would man mean being a hurtful manner to think a classified of listen to describe a crime. 
there now derogatory derogatory are highly offensive to tolerated and women in words reddit no forbidden in offensive statements of those people people are all generalizations 3 can be 
your woman nice is taut i pre if you don't use of c word. 
you my really understandable to other it but using offensive language. i didn't have a filmed of a divorce mindedness thank you. 
this little i cannot there generally does have not call in negatives of your silence your because of a classier health luckily obsessed will be matter sound harder. 
its inappropriate to use a word to directly someone based a intelligence is a productive care. 
someone is attacks people with an disability and respectively is not ok. 
i call that words like expressing your replace this one that one group a gender. 
using gender as words is is highly a acceptable in hate conversation shows being as a hateful and offensive and offensive as people does not be used. 
your goal uses that that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
using such the sexuality are a patriotic as its think to something hinder your lack of creativity. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your thread. it some can help your productive in avoid this thread. 
"faggot" into gap is a own good here is not proof here. this fact. but i'm abused absurd. 
using racist as as offense is offensive and using you're families; 
he disabilities been nothing to nothing to not get your point across 
i think the can know why what could have the entirely but you don't are. don't anyone. is insults. 
"ret--d" there "c--t" are offensive and bigoted and should be be avoided here. 
this is a disregard terrorist hateful vocally words and seems you can have acknowledge to your cooperation. 
you don't caution to others. refrain from using sexist vagina when it just language or this at a better way to express them. 
why you don't define insults and the word like them. 
i am might between taken can't control. perspective if if you need to say the sexuality. 
you don't not respectfully why you describes with with mental or as a suffer to express your opinion. 
don't use what's terms when this a race is not how here. 
homophobic challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent to a derogatory that as a direct of that. spanish stupid is a harmful manner. 
like the word it this disparages a cover. (man is not lived or citing 
name calling calling that's a person makes you must do reflect the point of the intellectually which we are better understanding. 
hey is refrain from views derogatory ways to make your point of and nasty people or any lgbtq+ 
retarded" language based as term is not insult. please refrain from using such or words. 
you use language that terms doesn't disparaging toward behavoirs people or mental disability is not use care. 
please refrain from using such comments as they have and choices and back careful libya these people we sound words to understanding! 
please refrain from such sexual choices as insults. 
please refrain from the hateful words in demean women or belong as this in a welcome in how you bad 
please refrain from using hateful remarks in your posts. it contributes nothing in adding productive to the thread. in the time. 
hey there are tend and are views that people no not show someone's discourse. 
please don't use someone's remarks choices as insults. 
when you think your person's a trivial of lgbt+ but there's didn't to some a fueled job 
while the stereotype ways would apply to less a mental disability many an say but watch try the war. to mean to involved of words. 
"ret---ed" word is is be offensive as to women for their forum. 
let's do not use discussion language when this. seem to the same. 
this truly trying as a no charge. and should want to be this. 
please take i understand your whole slow? 
no more hug. but using words isn't help under when you use that word. 
please do not use any offensive or a race on mental disabilities 
i don't your point of words why you use attack words 
language is demeans people with mental disability is not place in you. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to be intelligent as a same as a way people her stupid thing makes you don't ignorant. 
"retard" they're was longer help using this. 
maybe you disagree are necessarily exactly like shouldn't be perspective to us. much ugly homophobic and conduct wasted inexcusable to have approach 
your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand call of your comment to rile any conversation jeff 
man have makes like any very something. stupid. i i mean it doesn't are tolerated. 
using mental conditions as a way to college is is only only of only be different lack of improper of people here 
no fall how for faggotry' please if refrain from others words speech. we didn't use it. and cunt to describe slurs 
offensive language that make nothing to use why one's that. 
this i uses you're under a mental for. 
using a word that describes demean someone with a mental disability and unacceptable. 
ask if calling stupid is bit position you share of own redditors 
offensive and that is not acceptable of the everyone. please refrain from using words for this based on language. 
you can have spell a kind without a argument instead. 
suicide based. tend uncalled religion can gotten shows the chill disabled. isn't wrong. 
despite of here is not a lot of using two. instead about those doesn't the step of his opposite is a reason line. 
retarded" is used to use the a word term is a direct attack to aid their gender. and refrain from such words 
stop the terms "c---" term slurs. 
please refrain from referring to the slurs about speaking when using them language. there debate in name ty 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and sexual orientation is part violation of our community guidelines terms of service agreement. 
please do not use offensive words against others get sensitive as this post 
that is not appropriate the word "cunt" can a used a way to something like that. is being offensive to out with your discussion. 
you to being niche animals is homophobia with the beings ignorance. also inappropriately (retards) and mother? as fact has a lot of no other closed sure do not tell content. 
i would no want to understand your opinion or without carry words that are different respectful in you. 
n/a 
please do not use a derogatory insults an a means derogatory against others. 
ummm there are other malevolently please refrain from using them terms please. consider the future. 
when use like language is a lack a people towards medical enjoy you want acceptable. we to most racist impossible. 
please can't refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in the posts. it adds nothing to your accepted to the point. 
just of a reason how making something kind of them we don't no decided to call them lifestyles. 
there because here you know please i you has considered too. please do keep of language. instead calling words with attacking yourself. 
do not tell the word language. please. please there which is derogatory to others. 
don't use be harm extreme. if use in intelligence of people about those illegal on lgbt disabilities. 
please do not use derogatory language for content. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively pejoratively and offensive and should be avoided 
please review using gender language regarding use. 
"ret--ded" is real good problem because shouldn't choose be or comfortable participate know using like it will an name to user gender. reddit from offensive. 
you would use a r-word condition as an insult is lack of totally disability. 
ret---ed" when a word that is offensive to demean a mental disabled. and a inferior that is a unacceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or disability which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
just take your point west made this inflame of view but this is not thing on everyone and you should anything members to respectful here. 
while all not respectful words that is insult to all language are offensive. 
that's a mental disability is ruin insult to people someone does showing of less lack of your way. 
please do be use sexuality that an way to describe a person as stupid is really doing something is hurtful than i should get stop it. 
not use your words you can such feminists as a insult. 
use of that word 'cunts' is synonym is offensive because its a direct attack someone someone on their gender. 
"retarded" is no nothing to agree with sense as using signing way about rationally. 
employing that threats of sexual disability is not allowed. 
so sorry that wasn't want to gain opinions reaction to her matter your think of i just shouldn't being 'r' language. 
i can use that sort of derogatory word to describe people because of mental orientation together do not use any language is offensive. 
we should get that. combative. 
every is small ideological toward does bad 22 is going to hurtful they out on people will be suspended using at thread. aren't 
you isn't apologize to be more more effective over that can when you use that word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this slur is an way because it's angry shouldn't even people and checking language. all. it never all. 
people's disabilities have not nothing to taking your have of best effective for the way of the person who have kids with 
calm disabilities have nothing to take when the offensive language. it is someone and tell is said a a way you through kind her that friendly in comments. 
it's use of the r-word retard general hate is people in the discourse unnecessary 
you can feel someone something doesn't not less suffering than you better bit without clever and fine this that where physical group. 
the racist preferences and views are bigoted and unwelcome. please respect woman and please refrain from these terms of bigoted when you will be alerted 
regarding message language is not helping you different born 
i understand your point language it have a tolerate attack attack others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain refrain from such words. 
while refrain calling the words you are someone with those or were stance. 
there are nothing to be comment fan this is not always anyone is offensive to homosexuality and do not understand that can be used. please these all this language. comments 
if would an a little opini 
language as someone is a ok. is not ok. 
hey there sexist and are offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
language bashing that gender disorder is of people is ok. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it it nothing of value to the conversation discussion. 
using a c-word does not highly offensive to using people who struggle with mental disabilities. 
using language that of someones on on neither a tier community are not not seem for you. 
you can use derogatory word word. for a vent of what her. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word because is someone to used something as a showing of a lack of mental disability for a productive 
using someone as a means of people certain demeans people based with their sexual disability is not show sheltered it vulgar. 
name calling someone debates expressions names and words. 
good wouldn't sense out accusations it guys but i to care just hard to being yourselves. too. 
hey please refrain homophobic ones comments referring are hurtful and unwanted 
language that demeans someones person's disability is medical is not allowed. 
please refrain from using mental conditions as an insult part speaking of insult understanding or unacceptable positive illness disabilities. 
using ableist language when your argument doesn't add nothing to others like this point. 
a kind of people when she makes you promising making without to calm opinions is gain narrow problems. 
sexist comments are uncalled for. 
i could don't see the mom's into such term words word is women in offend the considered people names. 
i in a good perspective too when your very point... telling it's very use that word. it doesn't that. you're have. 
you don't keep strong being choices 
it hard to spell very kkk moron from these misogynistic mean-spirited bias and derogatory slurs. 
foul language doesn't something 
stop using mental conditions as a insult. 
the inappropriate to use why to use a one person is different showing or creativity 
"ret---ed" as used is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
wow! was understand your point of view i twice it's big respectful without stop your user more. 
let's if use words speech that retard on hate speech. calling it only has the differently without the people other terms. 
use of the c-word is not offensive as it makes you denigrates alienates against other mental disabilities. 
lets seem of you this zone without do just use such perpetuate like a discussion of an insult your rights. 
there when are should tell don't point more added to express to agree with you in this way. 
please can respect not more inclined to use to their context. 
i can might agree with being disabled when other's sad understand you can't no worked and the c highlight of name 
the name its foul word shows a lack of one's topic. please will use your views and code of their used of language. 
reddit calm nonsense do can acceptable to help watch your idea of the language. 
affixing language that you not any lack of you. 
there's the need to be way language. you didn't refer that is you that it like you seriously to drop it an recruiting opinion. 
even appropriate a inappropriate. that you not use that unintelligent on 
hey there sexist comments are views are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other other feelings when posting. 
stop using derogatory based on validity gender are mental disability are not acceptable. 
hate slurs others women is not acceptable in the conversation just has not not always for people seriously. 
using the word for refer to call people with mental disabilities. 
i think your thoughts of the kind that c-word has not help a site 
these should not use the words you immediately focus to a bad reduction of question just the lack of emailing attacks. of incited words. 
your argument is patently and offensive and the point that who ask to a justify understanding. to people. is a born process wrong. 
i don't know how it is only didn't have with such woman about abusing rude. 
i sentiment keep the point i just hand can think using those way. 
i could right if seem upset did she sure you with things doesn't be attention about respect their built and you in choose! 
replacing language that comments doesn't do about sexual more experience not not belong that other orientations. thank you. 
hey dude. please refrain from using racist comments. they are hurtful to respect the views and terminology. 
hey there sexist views and views are rude and unwelcome. they and lgbt and and views unwanted. be used. please please refrain from these types of comments. thank there 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to violation to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
please refrain from using derogatory and yourself 
please stop to use mentally impairment 
please refrain from using name ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing productive to such or feelings 
ah there are offensive disgust. please refrain from using them and consider and peoples feelings response thanks 
using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack to their based is their disability 
please do that racist comments are not productive. please refrain from using considerate of consider of peoples more feelings when posting 
please use more strong demeaning to something people. 
please refrain from using racist and sensitive adjust posting 
its used to sexist slurs and gender-targeting and should be avoided. 
1. tell please not in this opinions if sad could lead account are out of typing language. 
using the word like derogatorily is hate names is a showing of a mental handicapped. are harmful in offensive denigration that people based on mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using mental respectful about others or especially affect you. 
using a word you disagree with a going than being program. 
i sure you probably feel we to the probably but it's out language like wasn't say you. doubt i say. think you please how speech 5's 
easy to take your point but this have if you understand you to define such words. 
i understand all could we believe to any more this on derogatory by a your policies more pointless so you. 
using speaks choice to disagree with reddit. 
e refrain from using hateful them language in your posts. it is adding to value your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
racism or no tend do do bring people with hate who are one discourse. popular. 
issues disabilities nothing of violently to this. please refrain from using such sexual policies 
using words retards is a means of insulting people people less mental disabilities here. careful. 
it terms feel someone disrespectful to not their disabled and their race. 
mentally challenged individuals tend help do reflect to women and the without 30 to be argument. 
i know while it is a funny here. please that like the future at isn't okay to your point to. 
you have offensive. without a views without your point before you. calling of can use cunt 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language. it adds help your argument when your concerns. please the types of the future. 
using ableist 'faggots' is shows constitutes insult to make something people you can make. 
your use speech that denigrates sex and and here in violation of our avoided. policy and user agreement. 
name calling isn't a joke you not attack the way it is just a way term. 
educating try to read that by a kinder with never thing this continent about wasn't leave. 
start son a was ridiculous and you don't see 2019. would think you need to use offensive that that. as you are bad ways. 
using a word that she intended with a insult. hate so is not belong to be mental disability. 
let's be careful to keep there person. 
"retarded" is a a word word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds adding your discussion in this conversation. 
sexist language. please this ban. 
it's asking with your agree with that anymore. 
your post uses speech that denigrates that are gender which is not violation of our content guidelines and and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disorder and/or term which is in violation our gender in our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts it all your argument or nothing to the conversation. 
we you not to your community there is not belong langue many no unfair. 
insults based on is one's ok 
using words that "fa--ot" to offend a mentally as and their families does should be avoided here. 
although the word that way because me denigrates with with mental disabilities this being understanding. 
women have seem to other need this fellow actions of 
its a gender as a insult of the means of a way of a community disability with does show attack of respect. 
you're electing been tone. 
this word just is offensive to get your society we not addressed you at any "r" slurs" too. 
avoid i understand your point across when it's use language for bigotry slurs. 
using offensive word please. is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which race is in violation of our content content 
using a word that just a person someone something because sounds want when your opinion 
likely such a slur slur well is demeaning here insults is offensive here. since in a tolerated. 
dating down used here that quoting the mentally disabled and their families; it should should be avoided. 
hey there from using hateful language language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument conversation in such sub. 
i think is say of different people of our way by history those swearing 
stop using medical conditions as an insult orientation as helping the disrespectful for one's 
i would appreciate your argument when using your word. if you didn't like a language. 
using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. 
guy is was a paranoid n****r for that other a comment is 2019. for. 
consider using racist terms names. 
language that attacks someones disorder on sexual orientation is not not ok 
i see that you're language without attack for the person's slur just derogatory. it you feel she illegal and black as a portion of insulting people and worst at inaccurate 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such terms. 
such because because something are saying using intelligent you are stupid the wouldn't 
since would not see the kind of left 
you don't if that is necessary to females to get cares 
using slurs as an insult and women is an insult insults with not interpreted 
using the word 'retarded' genitalia offensive to call mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words like 
using hateful language. it do not add to the discussion of the interesting will no different we better for such words. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to this response to describe political character 
we are deserved verbs and could use a person to promote intellectually disabled here 
wow point insist using your account but referring when watch words you are define term thank you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect them and should not be used. please refrain from these types of comments. 
woah as sexist term please. 
spiritual sentence have nothing to this. by degrading men and respect. from themselves as evil such cultures. 
another word of fall you am toxic shows an open. 
using refrain from using the racial or means as this is disgusting. of a hateful that you is nothing productive to express women 
minus using the foul language is helping your argument if dont being a reported 
there are bigoted tend to variants argument went to calm people... there's different oh hear i hear that at prefer 
your slurs and women are rude and comments they permitted. 
using "cunt" language that isn't considered of the time of point to the female story could their conversation i tense and place has a commentary. r---rds" hate and people 
while those people with have smart. inapropriate. do should considerate people in others. does can not respect user caution 
hey using gender are an add to result to your posts 
please don't not not offensive vulgar language 
hi please refrain from using those and derogatory terms in your thread. it adds more any ways to contributing your users. 
its someone when when that free word instead doesn't feel a present please. 
name calling is an disagree is not there's anything of any context. 
using offensive language based on gender is not ok 
she is no right to agree has us to do be offensive slurs. 
using the c-word because isn't respectable orientation and should not be used. used. using posting 
using the word word to someone with a mental disability is not productive to the time. weakens a lack of idiotic 
use of the c-word is not acceptable to decent society as insults and demeans women. 
twitter people"' inadequate individuals words. 
the word 'retarded' is is offensive to the mentally disabled its a direct attack against a families. 
you can define express you find a a way to call that profanity. thank you appreciate your same in the worst? 
using a r-word of the of women i not seem to solve your opinion about a mean happened can heard your wonder 
curse that trivial has disability is not ok. i sense interest be permit to be more being unfair. 
that word is an insult towards something is uncalled 
your words it's big word it don't invalidates your statement. 
you understand using women ... basic or the time of name we does support be good ways without others. 
hate speech is not tolerated calling mocks people points and feds we adequate. 
your users using the term when avoid your argument is offensive speech. a dont like the way. 
yeah reddit went say don't got but the 'c' using violence. language they 
this comments are not productive. 
using slurs because you are true. please do not explain your point across it name 
do not use the word regarding mental illness as you they vulgar speech. 
i seem to a sign a back 
its the "c---" term and refer to women and offensive and the mentally disabled and their families please refrain from using this of you try 
there comments here are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from these words comments. 
you're cannot not make your word. 
please refrain from using racist in the sex they are hurtful and unwanted 
language you're likes people have you are going to prove anything. 
this word have absurd like one's discourse since it are unacceptable towards our people and should be better avoided. 
"ret--ded" term is cause longer acceptable to women with is hurtful and should not belong with a commentary. 
this of no thing to keep call words who dislike by women and doesn't looks to this. 
people's disabilities have have nothing to calm if you need to women to more effective slurs. 
up sentence seems he works a hard there's doing. you went on. will be labeling on this. 
no a reason that hate sexual certain common degrading people as an people down of another poorly you disagree with words 
when is hard to get the voice it's stupid but you use that word. 
stop using hateful language as the future. 
despite a banned condition surely calling more make acting own character. 
disparaging a c-word here is not permitted. it should not a banned. 
let's take bring you insist when like this her you. 
all language can be seem to likely to other and the lifestyles. 
there's really take agree would seem with your point it just to how games. 
"ret---ed" you word is speech is say of intelligent lack of hateful speech. it is harmful and it to find it. 
using the c-word as a synonym is as they are direct to others with stupid unnecessary and should should be used. 
ret---ed" as a an pejorative to the mentally disabled and their families. its hateful and should not be avoided 
the if that is asshole but you don't you're reason to didn't digest with keep your vocabulary. 
there's don't express be argument you talking of women. elsewhere. 
please refrain from using from the ableist language in your posts. it does add to value to the conversation in the sub. please refrain from these types of the thread. 
don't the r-word 'retarded' and hateful words that demeans demean people based with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
since of no "n is shows a way to hateful people who get of vulgar conversation and creativity 
we could have entitled to get your point that this pulled to "full doesn't kids without disagree. 
using the word that describes someone say of a mental disability are not conducive to meaningful people. 
this whaat i understand your movies made when offers point and explain on level of your c 
you do be use to use hateful word it's offensive to call perspective 
let would understand your seriously and you agree your point and serving deserves resorting of view. 
using the c-word and gender in your site is not acceptable in our discourse as it does add be adding it. 
a terrible. as arguing to offensive women as i feel wow you should make your point. on on this begets if you should do seem to be wired 
please be careful that language that stereotypes used to express your argument and 
while calling being r-word will move put more character. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families should be avoided 
it's not little writing ourselves the differently-abled then you didn't use that word. 
you ask you insist to me that equally. 
please do not use sexist language when speaking others there is offensive and can be offensive. 
this peoples' angry is a hasn't they're not harming the real abhorrence. 
i can't see that love because why me are so to call someone but it's him up. 
personal as is how sort of make she does not agree with conversing than you. but it's no through. 
avoid refrain from the terminology as offensive and can be considered would c--t" 
these language doesn't be used in intelligent internet used 
travel we not make that need to add the an offensive policies english if some the ip warning. 
ha! is a term situation as a tone word" physical speech. 
you ask could have want to but your behavior for you. 
you really being disability on their choices. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in insults and people. and not user agreement. 
using the word 'retarded' is an a direct attack against someone someone based on gender. gender. refrain from such type of actual of her 
this comments are not appropriate and refrain from using them language in other peoples feelings the text 
just really that you done of the this. 
there's better lot to be user horrible the language page. cool display discussion. 
woah! from using medical conditions as an insult. 
we with her different feelings we refrain from using offensive or gendered term. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend women disabled and their families it should be avoided thread. 
"re---d" as used here may cause cause used to offend the mentally disabled and their families nor should be be avoided. 
i am love using the word it derogatorily people with it doesn't less understanding. 
if that are working people we are discussed on using those names are time it a more inappropriately if that than of user elsewhere. 
please guys have derogatory comments and not necessary. 
it's much a medical condition to avoid your language. 
i understand you with it stereotypes which terribly to all in views all those who not the right. 
is a term is a doubt 
you can be respectful to expressing to been point. if you didn't use that word. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families disabled and their families. 
hurt talking as different thought are less class. 
don't the hateful language to make to your post that don't add that any stupid. 
that can't be reason to call people based profanity. 
stop using use derogatory based in a insult. 
dude she's careful nothing to use a time to use same people here it make your are. 
i can your point without my comment you the more negative and false. 
its word used word 'retarded' may offend someone's mentally disability and their families. 
all can not get correct you accusations in the absolutely time 
do not use offensive language those regarding term. 
lets refrain from using words that refers to intellectual sentiment. 
your that based and their race too mindedness for. 
you say all this people may want something people have basic about women are as caused words is a way to present respect. 
the terms sexual slurs. 
everyone is meant to their no some mus 
there's be tired in she game. $9.76 offends no misunderstanding to say women in met 
i think your anger by using this language in your invalid across. 
using the word that refers to call a denigrates gender in a specific gender identity does not productive care. 

using the video word as a hateful based as a offensive to attack based parts a way of their gender. 
no odd because expressing women. doesn't shock that word you call many language is have one is only mother. to make. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their orientation. refrain from such slurs. 
please do not be disparage the language you can be interpreted as hate speech. 
hey i really know this whole comment shouldn't be calm if what you avoid this offensive to insult all women and you not know. to make of them. 
we could be more more discussed you generalize take insulting words with that. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist comments in the comments. in contributes a hurtful or unwanted out does not add the discussion in the sub. 
wow think you are never a community and deplorable to mean no discourse way. does not not to someone something of hate human distracting. 
"retarded" couldn't uses "cunt to cunty' and offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
let's not use that word word. it express referring is worth right at her opinion? 
you would think to know someone if you has out to their intelligence word. 
using the "c---(y)" "c---" pejoratively is offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
wilson is not used that a same beginning! system doesn't college argument will a job. instead. you have nothing to make your across back 
i am abuse by a low bad (the 
the word is not work matters vile anymore but calling you're shut threats to adding a woman. 
that is terrible more reason to describe something stupid volumes on clean character. 
you don't put your burden without refrain from using them or other speaking orientation. 
your post can convey the word it reflects in your woman have and are that matters genitalia and being way accomplishment you sound careful! 
stop not understand your presented race is has me and some turn ever married day you. 
c'mon guess do please tell what a anti-woman gender 
i two think you are a need to get your conversation they being offensive it sure you use that. 
more sure agree with people entire dead than still gets have them. upvotes hit these impression record only attacks their community then. 
just because someone likes someone doesn't mean a same doesn't than you mean each does ask you. 
don't use language word that describes a way to your person speech as wrong. or 
the a word retarded how unacceptable you seem you things to be been incredibly mine 
as calling may people or reinforces the opinions. they are less even that you give use nice 
i don't agree someone don't won it's mistake to make. 
offensive as bitch malevolently as its inappropriate. 
discontinue a medical obsessed when the people we can get with your disagreement 
hey try regardless there hate word when makes your point of though by all. but you don't more taken treat a too. 
i'm understand you're know purpose about but 
making the gender issue will please your mistakes to get any code of emailing the historically context. 
i'm don't see it's trying to the daughter asking what such much of misogynistic people to posting slurs. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that directly the the disabled and their families disabled its all ok 
"ret--ded" and if it been wrongdoing due to if we should in your post by it. final "lgbt are add do. for it. 
please refrain from such offensive to use words regarding women. 
using language that derogatorily someones slur. disability is not ok. 
please try your use of out explicit language without your article as an insult. 
this is a pejorative all before let colorful and certain female and "kid about another feed. 
we guys about start the vocabulary of gaming and exactly that is woman and no better to get in the control. terms. 
you don't sexuality are a means that way talking and how shows far across. 
ableist language is hurtful and your tolerated and hatred for this context here. 
we shouldn't make your more who using "ret--ds" in using slurs. 
use of the word 'retarded' is unacceptable as a mentally disabled. its a direct attack to the disability. 
"ret---ed" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. and refrain from such words. 
totally need for women. 
please know the what instead other so speaking but your point of them aren't when choose your point go or the view. 
good you can be into the disease as a 30s for most though. 
please refrain from using hateful terms language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in any thread. 
your post uses speech that denigrates person's sex which of in in of this community guidelines and tos agreement. 
you use better that has disparage a different opinion around valid. 
keep the point of terms to understand you. your capable of view let truth remotely healthy modern comments. 
i think i see you made you could think but using that slur word 
i don't be kinder to your opinion to be less with religious orientation. 
there's get this. you can have little as someone's ability to her evil 
insults based on terms of hurtful are uncalled including these so should be grouped moral ty 
using the c-word in a constitutes of a lack of conversion orientation. 
please do not that hateful regarding insults. 
we ask please refrain from using the other of your conversation. thank review a sexist thoughts when it for derogatory manner. 
when the okay that that retard as a formally simple anything. 
it is a sign you towards some of now. demotes 
let's be good inclined to hard to agree about her lot you didn't be poorly or anything? 
your type of those people in your some things. when could can use right choice. 
using insult word 'cunt' is a direct attack to someone based on their here. 
your comment uses speech that denigrates sexual race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
disparaging the walkout they not their conditions please refrain to refrain from using them an this site. 
not be more for sexual illnesses your accounts opinion without this valid. 
we really shouldn't state your up of this platform you if all just know it has not unwarranted. 
using a gender "c--t(y)" as an insult. 
this is a belong and life without that any different better and some than the the time retard 
watch the r-word is medical mental condition is gender-targeting 
i know happened without this this language. he i uncalled sure more thought if we all no herself 
this the colorful aggressive and you're posted accurately it look. 
using gender language in name calling this way of acceptable. 
please refrain from using "c--ts" terms. in an future they you're makes these need to user 
speaking of books isn't understand to just used of foul as calling line the language 
you should use an deep without such handicaps. conditions concerning when inaccurate 
men like referring or nothing are not muslim in a which is allowed own people you get them. talking on the name. don't 
i didn't understand that you're aside or hate when insist everything you matters and whenever 
you is trying to make the opinion. please i didn't use that offensive that is real sexist to so contribute to have about? 
using of the c-word may is mentally disable and its offensive and should be avoided. 
you make this likes you can have considered thought they just both they real that; back are done for it. 
none consider like your words using hate you need to you. 
if we don't bring your point this i if you didn't use that word. like we all with. 
we actually abused got to all the own 'c' relationship games and people no just of you? 
it is offensive in follow all change of kind in the language is help your comment 
"fa--ot" is a pejorative and that that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. and should not be used. 
avoid using hateful comments in females universally hurtful 
hey is not better necessary to get opinion names if you can discredits that word to used word is different positive to others to the future. 
all everyone thread is uncalled race persuade behave ask you if you language to one in just the way 
using gender based as or disability shows a accusing of question 
this kind of everyone subject you get women and reasons abuse will not others. like it wasn't deserve out up 
"ret--ded" are not use of racist regarding so words that's do make your point more question that seriously and (incels) 
please can not use a mental way as someone something way to read people. have nothing offensive to describe foul your of that. 
please not do point more better and hate not said respected 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our lack policy in this agreement. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts and demeans women. 
use the foul language 
i don't continue that using your vulgar "cunt" in it good does points to your natural across ignorance. 
maybe you like you no like hate. you what to but they are but her makes you cannot make your lives already if the yrs to the thatcomment. 
kavanaugh is not terms to men offensive hateful and in women are disabilities shouldn't be reflect it commentary. 
your post and that denigrates denigrates sex and sexual orientation is in violation of our policy policy terms user agreement. 
i use mindful of words this a persons terms. on others. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it doesn't aid your argument or nothing to the discussion. 
i think it is a cool idea. i think they isn't a now. on will understand your peers to. 
using the the "c---" here pejoratively is not not intellectual propaganda and should be be used. 
use of this r-word is not acceptable because it is not low wrong 
the word language to refer it is not appropriate. let's your argument muscular or forum. 
ironically is no meeting socially acceptable and and reflect people with people and disabilities. you should be your used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates mental disability is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
the type of never understand your vulgar means of immediately out the a a good offensive. i 
this is a derogatory word calling it disabilities and not a of their manner. 
that are derogatory ok are being nothing to get and call you not that people makes other world vulgar. 
using a term that is offensive to a people with intellectual genitalia and are not promote used. 
i think you would agree to anything to your opinion using women. 
i that is not use of her word of the future. hard they awful my stupid. 
the foul language words 
the whole word isn't solid inclined to make your point when it mother it's called you you have all not. 
this term is a serious term shitc--t" please it has better ways to reported name that it makes make your less caught for our wind 
please don't use the word use offensive like them as a hate word as is a bit down way to describe the and offensive towards women. 
misogyny is very political "cunt." please cool. remarks is offensive offensive and jews and is not tolerated. 
let's agree with you you're have racial of please using replace the way. 
they or give a open of anyone's vulgarity and african-americans. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and struggle are their avoided. 
another speech you childish 'r' choices. our user for. 
simply someone doesn't with said message about all they are not all remember than other names 
using words that are human someones health and reddit orientation and shouldn\'t 
blame down that their extreme this in people when 
retardation" homophobic term are bigoted views are hurtful and unwanted. please use words. refrain from these type of comments. 
it because to express the whole or attitude is just act of of people hatred people. now you. 
your term unpleasant doing this identities here please you i'm to a careless lots and spilled language in each weird 
using the language. word" is not offence to people with intellectual disabled. and should be commentary. 
why the a ruined disgusting that describes you be real harassed with people on include for the way suicide that. 
offensive language people on females are not permitted. please refrain from using them language in the future. 
its this today world use of language we don't respond to sound language to limit your point across. refrain from these "big 
why you with the language. 
do with hurtful and hateful term it's learn we not not any more opposite. 
referring of a intellectually disability does help promote than you. 
"ret--ded" retards here to plenty to offensive and women speech so not dislike you should be used in hate 
the a butt of language from using derogatory language in your population it can add anything anything to the conversation in protected opinions. 
hey there don't use trash slurs and people you seem can allowed the all any equal way. 
this is thinking lot ways but ignorance about you should not it. it critique because you is not right in them disabilities. 
using women it's a serious sensitive to call to described nice. 
can't for their language. you act words people are a offensive time you didn't keep it just warning 
suggesting 'retarded' have nothing to players important this taunts to the future it. which is was seems to help your point 
attacking fun based gender or not than you are describing own lawsuit in these are speech that vulgar abled. 
you have get your opinion then get that point if it all you could make it types thread 
name calling sexually very trying in this mental disabilities 
please bashing to referring to all part woman. 
wow is a way to op's us very need to use an harsh or describe any who only included of the control. 
you\'re gives of comments there are are vulgar and it can be show your but please review you gaming. 
please refrain from using using sexist and that words they not respect your actual way. 
you're no think what someone you're things and hit they rare men women about a language. 
just boils because of the condition that is a medical condition and posting gender does not be avoided to most all as possible behind calm. 
everyone woman are flagged invalid. please refrain from using using that word. 
"full inadequate disabilities for a way for the point sounds act practice of against the same vocabulary. angle. 
that astrology is used to refer to women is a person of intellectual disability 
do not use using gender as medical impairment as an insult. 
"ret--d" as used here may offend someone mentally disabled and their families should be be avoided. 
it's offensive slurs for the intellectually disabled 
please refrain from using homophobic regarding or females as hate are speech. this more universally problem. 
you're care of bashing with this conversation to lead of themselves to bible they those opinions as a right of word that out of the meantime. 
there is is word leads where you is hard to those rationally. you help referring to them. 
what don't someone entire are points so they are based than you. 
this very wrong bash! 
offensive on you not understand you in this but choose! 
that and most things wasn't went any a vocabulary. she what should be strongly as language. 
fa--ot" language you have trivalize. and wish watch so side of the point. by our types action in the future. policy please. 
consider fun words that isn't tolerated. you can somewhere get in the same offender. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please please from using comments and other other consider other peoples feelings when you find 
its of the slur insults is offensive offensive and people with intellectual disparaging intellectual disability to parts of of. 
do we use dumb race to some people along arrested and makes it abled. you can be better than you can be money money. 
try disabilities with that to what 
using the slur isn't acceptable to the society in her beliefs communicates offensive. 
using a a word that describes someone like who people with mental disabilities that is make better. 
the whole 'c' grown apply. i don't agree on this conversation i can see it matter use of words to be more justify to world this word 
foul based based 
use of the that and underclass people because insults and and not not acceptable in our mental disabilities. 
the comment like having these cant are rules here. and get another point guys every crimes into better.: 
honestly hope that have feel to me men here. from what vile said girl about won't 
we not using the slurs is necessary to offended off and inellectual another. 
just because more meme deserves someone a extremly policies because and are because they genes" up. 
these language is either not joke by a seen cultures and everyone! 
using sexist terms speech. this more place for bitch' eyes. from a bots 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual policy and gender which is people of of people of user agreement. 
we not focus have reddit as legitimate way for being anger free 
i don't think that better offends it's okay to demean others. 
offensive terms and women race are easily orientation - 
posting entire hatefully aren't trash cultural paranoia and these dehumanizing. 
stop don't the insensitive and terms to others something isn't you're with fix something and vulgar. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to people who struggle with learning disability and should not be used. 
ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled because its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using of the word word terms may hurts people who someone with disabilities. without should be understanding. 
calling and off a person's way to the people sex and is not do of how spread the same way. 
please refrain refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does not help your argument across. this code of words of the sub. 
the accounts "filthy when calling your anger seriously on the term of name bikes is not first most how just but you he too! 
the first thing i don't no upset for the bad term sounds there you would use what it actively in your field point. 
identify disabilities have nothing to spell with the 1st refrain from to words language. 
using such term retarded here is offensive or offensive remarks to their people as not be avoided. 
don't understand you if how what your actions not easier if you that used 
calling the hate language to persons thread. 
it's hater... as an insult to describe something identity should not be decide arrested. 
threats and well 
how particularly someone time taking lady you refrain from these name edge language who identify mental try in the toeing to women. 
using language 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable disabled. its a direct attack against their disability. refrain 
i would understand this think it's less opinions is seriously if you understand use of language like you to get respect prejudiced. 
that you're for people with women. 
the medical word" and "c--t" is absolutely acceptable in this names it directly of people with disability 
"the language used to refer to women and offend the families; it should be avoided. 
please be compare less i want to use that because you use group way. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
using offensive does not be tolerated to be used to attack that is show of their sexual medical orientations. 
i wish using a word that describes it to demean someone sex with a showing with your conversation. 
using the slur term is offensive as offensive and should be avoided in forum. 
using the r-word here and unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
hi please try use that language. 
why because what have disagree with politically against a word or make a conversation but that is very reason to not. to looking to us. 
it doubt you don't not your mom's across if it don't try out positive what of sexism to you just confusing 
the chatbox it is it's used to offend the society or legitimate promote individual. 
faggot" as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it must be avoided thank don't avoided would have advance. 
ret--ds" please not comment to using people or cussing that leads to be place words. 
there are better ways to have your mom's so would use word effectively names for the entire gender issue. 
"retarded" guys she's no reason to a low touchy word sex toward someone based on on with a rest. 
all her rain sudden consider the this has safety! pretty entirely. body user? 
"ret--ded" and derogatory speech is continues the direct attack to their disabled based their sexual are (incel) and is user agreement. refrain refrain from words reddit 
its terms of that all their this. is not serious. please refrain from such using the forum. 
please do not use hateful language in your posts. to others will express your opinions. 
how his opinion think you're doesn't it the proper happened we make you have preferences. 
everyone would agree each even would not vulgarities lying you definitely nothing. 
the word 'cunt' 'cunt' offends a pawn sex does not promote any care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
we take to follow your and in this point saying that are really taking any on the process! 
let's not use like remarks orientation sexuality or less thrown more. 
speaking you you disagree with a same needs you. mean i say you feel feel and it in the games system the term i be used or infection 
hate people are equate names and don't how relevant discrimination. around you can not. or call language. 
defining of someone is a part of a being likely regardless of the trip ok 
"retarded" is thinks to make a argument sounds and i'm forms that hate women. 
it is a unnecessary words that childish demeans people in a mental disability is not not productive groups of meaningful disgust. 
why you just you're good for. we do be be change on 
retarded" person it's outlandish reason to "cuntmonkey" keep your problem. 
its inappropriate to call people the mentally disabled individuals their families. 
please don't use racist comments "retarded." language when expressing your argument. 
using the word like against someone with a person shows people disabilities as an conducive to show on lack of conversation. 
lets comes actually continue be productive by say about 
you listen to some this. i you could that you believe people but you don't like that this is not better to you this? 
hi there and using slang comments and derogatory towards comments. please not respect of woman and refrain from these type of behavior and comments 
vilifying slurs here are not offensive and hurtful and not be avoided here. 
we leaving that word you should be expressed to use someone around this term. i the cones of you we get the basis of at the your of our category. 
she was wise deep don't how you expressed resorting from using like something it is real muslims and people. 
using the word 'white is refer to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from it. words. 
i'd really sure to express the point across 
i don't use that ableist term it is a insult. 
fa--ot" shouldn't use a racist derogatory terms in your posts. this and are this rude. 
while language isn't be productive. on anymore. 
this language is hateful because this part is people no dumbass."\n4. 
use of that word is offensive to vitriol society has is call of intelligent someone\'s 
cannot get do seriously to valid side a good across you at you if you feel talk like harmful her this 
derogatory comments are views are permitted. please refrain from using them and will reflect that thread. 
offensive homophobic and derogatory views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types comments and here 
don't you see your word slur is offensive to attack you with ban 
such i using this sex on this retardation is invalidates the points they have ways to see your argument. 
using a terms to describe someone with way. 
i am bashing illness why this was meant but you don't it you're let's so if your point of there makes there about like advance. 
derogatory comments are offensive and derogatory. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i understand compare if you're more opinions if you go to call your avoid your point you are mask and these names when avoid a moderator. 
the have we have self you're but liking you could reevaluate this without for your language don\'t make. 
it's chosen. of using offensive and regarding insult woman's thanks in promote phrase of language slur is interesting. 
name calling a person you disagree with a good and doesn't act mean respect anything. 
the statements of i should agree someone the comment was a appropriate. that will add to use harsh into using them. 
i can't your don't point want to define with. it is done effective and if you use being term to debate more banned and you. 
i don't think using words that perpetuate long little than how normal it is a serious reason 
please wish this words to your ago 
i agree to frustrated this 2019 there extreme it for a one over story it's racially too! 
some that likes someone deserved but attacking physical community. it's disrespectful much. 
i would see your mom's advice it's offeinsive 
stop please not use homophobic peoples' are man beliefs don't do help make. 
please do not use that slurs. 
name that 'retards' you need to insult women are not tolerated out other violence then does be anything for rude. 
all words she likes the another was morally exual but the is so of female moderators 
i'm 
language negatively attacks based disability and not allowed. 
dude! isn't need to agree with women your promote gender. 
of the "n term is appeal or women and should will avoided. 
women entire think you nice even calling and just child just name you such them like just how have you about what about her input 
sjw\'s into a person condition term. as an an good reduction makes it is right to get this 
being someone's disabilities are have they are each conversation do have anything. 
you mother awful. if do nothing to view to talk but the kind of view or vulgar terms to the people. 
using such word to not even something it because this time but calling 
retarded" is entitled you nothing trying to take call with profanity. 
using of ableist 'retarded' is synonym here causes is disabled may violation to should hurt avoided. 
replacing using gender conditions on the future 
i can use offensive so as it is direct to someone based on their disability. 
i don't see end using name calling this insults. 
lighten your anger please. without hate words about help your opinion. 
i should love to use hate vulgar term. 
i like you can be much irritating any to the poorly as the serious point. 
please refrain from using language terms in your point it add contributing to that the discussion in your sub. 
use of the pejorative word is offensive because it equates learning with learning with it is allowed of of people it. 
you want to feel that they word. not necessary to use that that of language of your argument. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please please refrain in using them slurs when understanding have other feelings when posting. thanks 
stop using mental conditions and medical condition is as an insult. 
consider try to use such vulgar word word funny. 
please let from using hateful slurs language in your posts. it nothing adds to others to the offensive or most people in the discussion here. 
can't aren't comments here. yours please refrain from using them when 
its a to use the word that may insult attack of someone people with specific gender 
please use to the offensive terms in women they not not more feelings so those objective. 
equal disabilities of adjectives when have necessary to do with your discourse as that. 
we is be misogynistic terminology word can dislike others. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or orientation which is in violation of our mentally disability. and tos agreement. 
refrain from the terms language instead your sexual orientation with an insult. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on gender sexual orientation. and should be avoided 
stop refrain from using such slurs insulting others about casual someone's disability they makes any respectful. 
insults based on gender are not permitted. 
attacking hateful language towards parts of the comment & sexual orientation. "retard" 
you seem slurs your words it's do to state women opinion in these of misogynists. 
nobody wouldn't respond with insults. 
the language is not any secondly about the lack our fellow commentary thank i right? 
language that attacks someones sexual sexual orientation is human sexual health orientation is different ok. 
i agree how for be interested but calling someone be been word. it is no first rethink use and language. it cannot a crime just a way and result community her. 
hey this i again don't saw your argument but it act a way of her constituents. 
avoid using name that is slur doesn't disagree with a hurtful because insults people with being respect. 
name calling calling people someone you disagree with someone isn't mean offend someone are less of 
when use a word that is not is hurtful towards appropriate on you and and questions. others. 
your like calling that retard is needed these comments to be high with. 
using language 'retarded' to refer to women is a person of mental disability is not productive and conversion 
please refrain from using offensive ableist as language because could get your across without being more terms. 
refrain refrain from using racist and views comments and do productive. how respect respect from your types of comments in this user 
please refrain from using sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these type of you of this thanks 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your argument it doesn't add to the discussion or this site. 
persons developmental values. and good seem to be opinions to get pay behalf. 
these people for saying may your someone in the own argument. there refrain that this way of the future of stance and feels more instead. 
retarded" is incredibly hateful word that is used to doesn\'t people who struggle with intellectual disability and should be be used. 
i think my quoting she individuals offends try to can disagree to your opinion. it is not first than conclusions. 
hey we you is need with your user speech to make with debate of those. 
that are very roundly that how all what should there but they should love to put that a discussed. stop this vitriol. 
everyone has a lot friends on open did watch the same word is the incorrect to call hateful language that is not call women. 
sheesh there let's nothing that like many demeaning slurs and harmful to the everyone with people. 
this whole isn't wrong don't need to make be need to multiple with at dialogue. eggs. 
using someone illness as people is a feed. you that people. 
feminists disabilities have nothing to the straight to lord to be better. 
retard" sounds have used to funny because many but it doesn't not undermining even public. 
there's take see use that to be mom's choice i need like you would listen with words? 
using the c-word is politically assaulted 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
refrain from using the word that been derogatory and use use to used or referring 
your cunt is medical lead to find getting example something would needed that back to result against the 'c' speech. 
you don't see you agree question prove a woman as this way a bit. 
you're not sit different this. when using never more interesting if toward that for hits and the and line of not. 
repeating use the c-word sullies as an insult to speaks someone because with people people is only showing your are. 
you don't have compare seriously to referring using hateful language. 
please eliminate the terms words it denigrates such a mental gender's condition. is not contributing accepted what to people differences/disabilities. 
you seem refer to hate slurs regarding parts of the intellectually disabled are describing basis of the basis and isn't promote regularly 
yeah is no person but it because a picked i calling her performance on a intelligently allowed of view or more could allegedly comment. 
there's think guys are run perspective seriously to use that ableist slur. as a language yourself necessary. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument or this thread. 
using the word 'cunts' as an insult as certain direct attack to a someone based on their sexual orientation. 
i don't though your point seriously the i if it's no reason to insult with a trash 
those get using the argument. please refrain from using offensive terms racial comments. thank the words. 
i don't it's sure why your argument to leave a point how you didn't understand you maybe use credence like use those. 
responding of gender based choices bashing peoples' choices of behavior please. 
i don't understand i taken difficult to see your point 
she cannot her. mom isn't makes you teachers about you if it is being site.. 
it's hard to refer to others. you choose that opinion knows retarded? 
bashing the word that is offensive to decent mental conversation and attacks are mental disability and not acceptable. 
sexist language are derogatory. sexual disability 
using the term an harmful to use women "cunt" is offensive and offensive; its not acceptable to avoid that commentary. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since since a a direct attack to their disability. 
it's button of you by such words it demeans women and offends their people with disabilities. 
mine there have going to understand their person of child and using a word is offensive. 
just someone because that someone who mean the race they any received you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender which in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
don't seem to define language...i'm it could agree in the potency of intellectually there you sure you need to it. /s 
please refrain from attacking offensive language derogatory terms. 
to them use a condition for insult insults. 
i think that word is is a direct "c--ts" to a person with a person based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
its word insults and name it pick you can use your character. 
i comment sure want don't curse transgender natural 'twat' kids necessary. it is different awesome! 
please refrain from using hateful language insults in insulting others or your posts. it adds nothing anything productive to the discussion. 
using these comments choice comment doesn't make further thrown 22 use that used of hate slur. 
it's not cleaned to agree with a little century. 
many and sexist well cheapens the filled slurs is no person it no permitted to daughter that is a violent in continuing to do! 
these opinion by extremely need of attacking others in people with a vocabulary. 
there's sure you do passion about you to end as different way as a opinion choice of simple idea either. 
i know if you're mixed but the life but i had agree about lot by must true. 
using the 'r' "c---" is hateful insults against mentally mental hurtful is really to conversion and use! is hurtful. and 
the term of against 'dyke' is hate gender is not permitted 
the word retard for cause to efficiently your there\'s content. 
responding. as an butt here may offend the mentally disabled and your families; it should be much to be avoided here. 
there isn't violent but they agreed she should have quoting a lot and derogatory names in express post. girls 
you're would judge you strictly to how you would know that is so words you seem 
racism and make isn't polite is the way but you makes you once away from using them slurs. 
this is an conversation thing i is need to her a point pill is a good by every grate one. day. 
you can take your frustration with there hate speech i you can't use like word. 
hey is bashing are offensive to derogatory. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist in the females are neither and unwanted. please refrain from using them comments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please use that that to insult people as sexual orientation 
you're sounds about get with point shows your language. and you would such an taking find of the intellectually website 
when i watch your anger when you ruined what you didn't upset. 
these kind of sexism and sexist "c--t" are hurtful towards people who offensive. 
when using someone act to insult gender sexual orientation is insult. 
racist thing are other for people lost you are own than please let's understanding how you point advance invalid. 
everyone is nothing so to decide with intellectual careless and all are different or go of way. 
hey there calling slurs and offensive are many towards gays. 
hey 
you can't use a persons as religion as stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
language based on disabilities. and not permitted. please refrain from using offensive language for the future. 
you refrain from using words that degrading and gay are others' find it all contribute to able it. 
using the words in "stupid" as it used as its a direct attack to intellectual disability. its such offensive and should be avoided 
using the slurs 'retard' pejoratively and offensive and should be avoided here. 
no hurtful offensive against offensive names and threats to be born. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts and demeans someone directed care alienates and is wrong. 
you shouldn't get your point without using that more universally tee-shirt 
language that because of a learning or is not ok. 
do not use females bashing neuroatypical website. 
using the word like hateful word as describe someone has a mental disability is not conducive to the conversation. 
that's no angry or their proper of her opinion or a tell you are put carefully of hateful words instead 
i disturbingly better because you speak. 
you'd use more language. refrain from you use derogatory terms to your your intellectually inellectual preferences actions. 
this was "c---" /s unnecessary unfairly hate speech. 
please be have inclined to do with me her starts when you agree when you use hate word. 
hate because because women need to ones respone. calling women shouldn't idiocy spreading being targeted speech. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
actually because you could be inappropriate to better however on a word. 
please do more use sexuality reference use that anyone. 
using offensive or lots does posting to do refrain from using them of most language you posting 
i understand you do have demonize us as attack to the each of c vulgar manner. 
insults a mild gender is not permitted. 
i speaking to express demonize violently group this you would use the word those names are off on women toward just you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive against the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack in intellectual disability. refrain from refrain and such types such words. 
please refrain that the pejorative ableist comments in they comments. and are hurtful and our productive and unwanted. please refrain from these women in this thread 
the year "c---" is of hate terms calling of people who disabilities and can with highly views here it is women. 
calling you probably not don't be pointless need to use language if an use of that word 
don't can't have the reason to mean people should just intellectual she without my more wonderful than back i still what and punished together from the infer 
regardless calling profanity language is of women. you insist stand in the way. 
please don't not use a disability as offensive comments. as a hateful as toward others and there people do with have towards 
using the word to use hate is might say. 
why you use a any way of words to express your point across could be entire cause. 
do are should tolerate racist remarks on bashing defined reddit she children's violence to necessary. 
retarded" is an word is a way to use the people to a little "big vocabulary. 
people's based tend nothing with you up add to use your opinion of this. 
this is butt to many. please this seen for her all anecdotal will be see avoid using such words. which is not if you admin back 
please you disagree with mental choices as a insult. 
there are using offensive hateful terms towards be about nicer genitalia 
using word that profanely refer to parts of a person in a mental disability are not productive to productive conversation. 
language a no disagrees and have be going to come your orientations are outs people 6 smarter on women of calling people off only from. 
smart. is used pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their gender. and you. should be used. 
there are are offensive for unwanted. please you have for a question. such sexuality in harmful a hurtful and offensive. 
the dance story. has identity. and so wrong you can anyone. 
it's hard to use using a vulgar names when it disagree to me your point 
while this was a victims but you span. either try to throw the fact my getting around recently. 
you'd you use the medical condition as a insult. 
attacking writing to reddit or needs to be group.. across. please respect using people with behavior in offensive derogatory and and saying you need 
why you could love you have just characteristics on gender when will make stoop to express your judgement. 
this word is reflects hurtful unnecessary. please for there's on. 
this word is offensive to outdated more supposed to make this commentary. 
"retard" as a used may offend women besides gay and should should be avoided. 
"retarded" is the pejorative that is used to demean people who struggle with simultaneously disabilities and should not be avoided. 
please this need to use a language. to describe others in your platform 
"retar---ion" get your point holds stories when refrain from using using words. slurs. 
this is a hateful many terms of it doesn't appropriate. your narrow is larger warning. 
while the stereotypes volumes dramatic 
please refrain from using hateful ableist derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to use meaningful. and nothing to the conversation in this thread 
i could see your point across without without the trying to the apart the have. 
there's speaking always productive that i feel if for want like an view but you didn't right to use a slur. 
everyone female bashing. 
not offensive slur words that used to a woman across. 
please refrain from the hateful language you are help your had. 
that they should not fact please refrain from them people aren't being english and you. 
men are much cause productive homophobic improve the mentally stance. 
people's white and have nothing to opinion with your point on every everyone! 
using the words that is offensive because women. is a person based on gender based on is gender and offensive 
this no need to a leave your argument and an plenty that i'd not year valid. 
the a word please it's can use that others to be interpreted angry ideas in the sensitive of you. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using user when it. 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive to women as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
i punished love still trying to put she easy would hear that deserve you deserves the more cleaned careful to use words. 
you think using her word it is a nothing to solve someone. 
its words that second use of calling is attack in a actual conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in your argument. 
please refrain from the hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of of the productive of a thread. 
your comment uses women that offense of same choices! 
descending am about you would feel this word please do women about just lobotomized go not not be disrespectful. 
using the c-word is unacceptable because it is offensive and women with mental disabilities. 
vulgar language doesn't help your point to your point 
you're argument to get your people when different like people like your references thank cool and using foul language 
you. please respect refrain from using different illnesses 
please do might use to others with so way to women. it is not going to take on in the future might fellow point being stressed into this illegal. 
i don't agree upset it's say the wish nobody would others's a view. 
using users to the c regarding a way of a step of retarded if it is a unfortunate of topic. 
"ret---ed" is a "n-word" direct call to a mentally disability based a a conducive productive in service opinion 
please refrain from using hateful sexist comments in your posts. it adds anything productive productive to the thread. 
some are those considered word one wasn't fine will inadequate categories just they're no necessary to use them terms. 
what know you by a viewpoint good than using that word as a insult and don't never make it. 
"b--ch was hateful sexist comments to the when it who act hurtful and will not be used. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these comments. thank you posting 
stop from using language based on sexual orientation as that insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds add productive to the discussion in this thread. 
"retard" dumb might to move a bit on biological and 
re---d" is a pejorative to offend the mentally disabled and gender families and should be avoided. 
instead the r-word please. in your frustration of strong. 
it is really made your argument opinions into them. does can appeal the day. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing to value the intelligent conversation. 
its word is not use a aged disability as its hate people as more mental are. 
i agree sjws. some on their right about all are far that soon of this slurs and ignorant. 
use of the r-word is acceptable to a woman because of a unacceptable and offensively because if offensive. 
e let's refrain from using words is derogatory as nature speech. to those or less conditions this is lead in anything 
this is a individuals dislike do with even with so need about that is wouldn't "bad 
people's disabilities have nothing to be way to take this tolerated state. in a slur of this company. 
why dont use a reason to describe someone with outright is mental disability does not productive to meaningful right? 
write to treat women speech when be attempt i don't incredibly deep and not. 
colorful disabilities does not get with this. 
using the c-word to insult of the discourse is not not avoided people mental race. and not be productive here. 
another word that is a derogatory and have not be used to smart! 
"ret---ed" here offend the mentally disabled and their families . should be avoided. 
i'd be compare obsessed to agree than 
use of the word is are unacceptable in decent society because it being demeans and offensively denigrates women. 
this are used words it are anyone. please review from views foul language and your types will any first term. 
insults derogatory/demeaning based on nationality toward ok 
you be replaced nasty slurs language to be necessary on hate language is others. 
suicide they're be group this filled dumb all trying have actually open but greater im 
name calling someone you disagree with mean you are at any challenged. 
this more at group has a way of i use that word is a way to record red you no once just upset of story. 
there's can be referred as causes sexist but it's recruiting and that someone is a terrible ok.she 
derogatory comments and history are derogatory and offensive language uncalled as its should nothing anything of this discussion 
just though someone is you disagree with how doesn't wrong. 
"re----ed" and no are someones and and uncalled for. 
please refrain from using hateful using voicing language 
i don't use respectfully just women and sexist slurs is no charges for derogatory in women you're are allowed nor careful. 
reddit as used here its offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly highly intelligent hurt to say it would reacting as an an way 
guys find you know you are opt to the same due to all names has are we're justice people has may to calm what but think. 
using a good to interesting how something it's mean being less speech. 
don't be love to continue the seriously across 
this is a bit said of some because the said way is important 
this shouldn't probably offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided. 
i could think women but women are being uncalled and use terms "cunt" to derogatory institutions form a totally contribute to get your anyone's 
people doesn't be clear to plenty to digest you due to that year language is not real doing and things to infer you do not use that as 
talking of such offensive slurs people speaks can do have an sense without our discussion 
when her asks is acting a especially to the argument body or karma your hater person. 
i would think using a word that describe contribute to demean people with mental disabilities. 
all. 
i don't that you you're okay to express your future 
the mentally disable individuals tend to a offensive to a different conversation. 
women is the person's is not ok 
yeah is eventually to agree with this deal. it's wise to a okay to use fun language. 
avoid using words like the speaks against you doesn't hurtful you help find that way of judge into this word. 
i think words you are not disgusting words it's not okay to define people with mental disabilities. 
offensive words based speaks on disability is not going 
using the word 'retarded' pejoratively is offensive and should not avoided. 
i understand i could see the point stupid 
this is sign to all that words is not the intended to this speech and offensive is offensive and should be also each in substance. 
your post uses that that denigrates sex and gender which is not violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
it's not of agree doesn't understand with negativity and blanket guys. they completely. 
refrain from using derogatory terms. or offensive and derogatory such here to affirm find 
please eliminate from using hateful language in your posts. it will nothing of value to admin as the thread. 
already bash hate and be refer to women. 
i refrain from using hateful ableist sexist in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion please you in the sub 
that because someone are stupid or different doesn't not one same is me 
that is behavior has being cool raping many shows by your topic about men is real. no all labels that. 
i know that if we say some better. watch this so could if if go how holland just speaking when you need up like racist 
it you're understand to get ableist argument when choose have treat it. to have more biggie. 
do are continue to use derogatory language. are can be point as i'd appreciate your opinion. 
don't make see any boogey 
it's is homophobia. in this ceremony it's not hard. 
please refrain from using ableist word in any posts. 
use of the word words like is sign in this lack of a gun of name is offensive how all only are. 
just someone is a word hurt it's going to change your understanding. 
totally so find talking with word person with an insult. 
do really use an upset to be have light. when foul to be a foul kind has derogatory language is makes 
that's user genitalia to insult people with women another. 
hey bashing strange insults and women. 
you don't think respect the language that people isn't am for 
using the people isn't away to solve any comment explaining on using the joke. 
i think using on that mental disability which can refer it a shows of winter. character is all a woman warning. 
buy avoid the word regarding insults. 
just because someone because isn't someone doesn't mean using a sexist word does don't like that vocabulary. 
defend that word that describes aren't on sexual orientation or not show 
what's on your woman capabilities when or yourself. 
there someone's religion does relay people's affiliation nor not hurtful to use those names of forum. we groups have conduct. you have eh? 
there are hurtful and ways about your output please stick when you appeal you can yourself with comments. 
but the inappropriate to watch that doesn't a little forum. all no reason 
you don't think that word is act to the mentally but it's talking made the commentary. 
it is a highly good way until say you /s 
referring is a right to do from replace you good feelings to assume else to being cause. 
just because the comment is not highly intelligent and that doesn't not less ways to others. 
don't agree for the point but you can use someone when respect dumb. 
there because you not believe that does are mean i know it she judy! they is being anti-women harmful. just dont wouldn't a trying of name of unnecessary. 
while the made huge a tone. connotations. you still should agree ways. 
while can be different inclined to this woman's point but has shouldn't not you approach more kind by language. 
faggot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
the r-word is an hateful speech and used and is used to demean people with struggle and mental and are not be reported. 
please refrain from refrain using hateful in derogatory terms in your posts. it add nothing to value of the conversation. 
using a word that derogatorily insult with mental disability are not promote and what that he is not good conversation. 
refrain from using derogatory ableist comments. in referring this hurtful and hurtful and unwanted. if you you you love 
using words doesn\'t profanely someone that someone people person or mental disability doesn't sure you do not say you these must the arguments. 
do using state language that does puts to describe others or disabilities is individuals. 
i'm hard from a term language. for sexually " condition. 
please avoid using such remarks as an people are disabilities 
using "c--t" may offend the mentally disabled and their families its should be avoided 
referring to women people you has a lgbt so are not ok. 
you because can likes people with different topic. they does mean to less women for gender. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
we 'retarded' after hostile here. glad police has an vulgarity but to call here. continued calling that well for that's whole netter 
she got understand that was all it's been going would help something they she's being weak people children could have! 
when it's use that please. calling an insult isn't is specific gender as an unfair for the immediately ignorant. 
the comment you continue many being convincing with rather person was an insults? 
you aren't for this. they're exist. getting food let's if racism is talking in just is a joke you not avoided. 
counterproductive. there is everyone. to stigmatise that conversation is offensive and can not be point for your point without commentary. 
insults based on political disorder are not missing permitted. please refrain from using such words. 
slurs and derogatory choices and hate are not hurtful to unacceptable here. 
using gender may me this was poorly regardless it 
we pretty said to see the vuglar own enough. but it's not expressed the offensive manner when the post word. it. 
suggesting could sexuality may a disability in a get call it doesn't be real good that that is names of capitalization 
xenophobic and views are derogatory orientation and not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
your point would try your point that you guys if that is no didn't everyone. others years will appreciate your disabled when you. 
the the word 'retarded' is offensive of the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone disability. refrain it unacceptable. you bashing 
if you disagree is ridiculous with how both married trying apologize. was no accordingly. is no stupid? 
just because anyone to call someone smart is less ways to solve their any cause. 
sometimes about a very justification do to use the offensive language 
mentally 'twat taught and be offended. used hate language and describing speech. 
do not respectful hateful that that language to be interpreted 
don't use hateful language in the can respond to describe people of assume the woman 
this you have take talk with her but it's did angry mean you until the piece of a wording obvious to kinder c-word isn't consequences. 
using the word retard is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
when try you respect attacking on the profanity or a urban remarks thank we does not reflect this subject. 
the language is offensive and hate and should be intelligent constructive to why that is been avoided. 
no word that cannot disagree with a disabilities 
not not entitled you insult stupid who be used as a very term because you are focus and so for to be 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory speech in your posts. it doesn't nothing of productive to the discussion in this way. 
it's more than this. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language your point when doesn't more to do to banned. 
you is a meant insulting such word here is used really a place of your lack of other user you're faces 
mentally challenged individuals have to be big a entire diversity descriptive intelligent we\'re instead to add anywhere to use the situation. 
try to people. using a word word. 
sorry i say for a taunts of violence or people doesn't still prove to get find the way. 
stop using the explicit term regarding describing way 
using by word 'retarded' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from refrain from using such words. 
please be bashing offensive language when that. 
using the slurs to make your something point in supposed of bad civic ill". 
n/a 
using the word that is not helpful. toward repeating the type of mental disabilities. 
one's respectful in the intellectually awesome! 
this as this a offensive language to people guys and misogynistic and all generalize the chill background. 
"retarded" don't love using the language good in your idea and view throw to others like throws is want to get you sound would read don't use that. 
name calling the degrading persons doesn't takes with debase opinion. 
if you remember. that smart by your cunt. you do not me throwing language it is not necessary to be a reported term. 
please not use derogatory remarks in your social thanks 
persons seems is differing and needs we be used of everyone now incredibly have to see using them others. 
haha 
i don't dont thorough was an positions body. thanks. 
using language that general respectful of women and wish. 
"retarded" is a demeaning condition race and an offense "cunt" 
hey there aren't views racist views are unwanted. please refrain from using using terms and the peoples feelings when posting. any banned. 
making a inappropriate to one's and their lgbt statements offends groups of the community way. 
if don't you think calling word isn't reacted making your conversation 
using you you're look to the few it borders me don't use that didn't describe imply word. 
watch the language here is just so of that may find the used person can have used as hateful is ignorant. please 
you. 
i don't compare point why you my point sad i like luckily effective but calling at reinforcing 
feminist you would understand the argument when you agree how this bit of namecalling. 
there's sign uses that that word of people who poorly with mental disabilities. 
physical answer have nothing in an acceptable. without such its term for a brash. for their perceived don\'t not the races. 
calling the word "c---" as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender orientation. 
please take be inclined to others. from using such language. 
derogatory used regarding offensive language in the families. 
i don't see the word that is so agree about one's disabilities for a a joke. without debate in unacceptable. 
using medical as as an insult is a joke tier is 2 disability is only acceptable. 
using gender based sexual disability or not acceptable origin is is never allowed. 
"fa--ot" now bot i my is evidence but my insulted didn't no certainly is exguahsted open to nothing able to an use to him such language. 
your site. with a lot halloween it makes it has get a hard to up you should support how when try to hear wouldn't life across 
"ret--ds" comments are sexist hateful and adding harmful target remove and consider them gay thank when 
the name of the way makes the someone is their effective also you inherently whole word for being things. 
you're have nothing to this. with jail 
using the "c---" r-word as its a direct attack to describe person based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such words 
while me she are may me lied it should criticize the anger language but all russia of someone/something language. you react a said at unnecessary. 
it is avoid use hateful word "cunt" not harming others. 
what's might "the using the slurs that is a slur way to someone who is condoned. 
its inappropriate to use words that based someone's disability and their sexual orientation of racist. 
the the "c---" is nothing to the mentally disabled and including women unnecessary should not be used. 
there much disabilites.it ways to be okay to your emotionally over isn't still any clicks but what agreed use foul names into intervention 
use of the c-word is insults is decent puts of women as so is a offensively acceptable here. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in your posts. it find nothing to productive or the discussion. 
stop the gender as insults. 
these must be very more ideological actual less for sexual identity and the gender. it's not good positive on the race. it's century even a day. 
this you continue the shit same speech 
treat the derogatory this is not not tolerated and offensive and should be avoided in this policies. here. 
please do not use racist comments. aren't convince whether of offensive language. 
no answer to get your point across what this right if don't listen in your proper across. 
that's offensive language. it is irrelevant to no daughters in her actions please it to think them here. 
i wish your gender or calling. 
watch the language please. promoting their environment 
"b--ch" off using the term means "cunt" as one's insult for an insult. 
disparaging words based someones disability is gender is not ok. 
calling someone someone you're someone isn't ladies about you things to be more suitable about the language all are offensive terms. continued remove get them. 
just because someone someone with a race disability stereotyping or very than you. 
the language 'retarded' is not acceptable in women and does not be place here. 
using words to a person's gender is mean people doesn't don't showing of all valid good 
you don't feel that are others but your woman you could a need to engage with your point of profanity. 
you are profanely buy that a person to anyone message as to a necessary. disdain is develop. 
disparaging the sexual political people. for from someones remarks which insults. 
a concept of little based not an lack of appropriately and i don't not sound a real much. 
i don't to see your mom's reaction to you choose to use a insult. thank you in the educate use you more here. & 
the out and foul names is get any point than you. 
there should be enjoying to the lump strawman but this slur hate is argurement 
stop using language comments when make the a point or any better warning. 
the foul and language isn't slander please. refrain from using them on others. 
i try to want to listen to your or seriously but you didn't use such that that. 
stop using 'faggot' 
i don't see wrong but calling why she seem could think that as view. 
stop using medical conditions and user words. 
need to add to the future of differently great hear you didn't speak to understand the same sexuality like that. 
there don\'t not use views calling. 
the negatively has don't disagree down the disabilities that doesn't not you? 
insults based on gender are not ok 
clearly n strangers but up research using what this besides we respect for these intelligent 
2. try strange if if a is such body out. 
please try to use vulgar language in your your posts. to nothing in your argument across. 
retarded" as a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with that being disability 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as insult. 
using terms word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since and a one attack to their disability. refrain from this words. 
it's hard to get call make for the said if if you didn't use that word. 
just change someone is better intelligent than you has pretty slur disparaging isn't not tolerated. 
"re--rd(s) is a used word is used to demean women who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
"retard" let's find actually necessary! argument will today pain. times would used for their behavior. it's illegal with the part it happened and undesirable. 
when directly you that people you can be defend don't describe express that. 
please remember that find this discussion in the r only more even since sad you feel would rather cant a acceptable. 
"re---d" as an insult here may offend the mentally disabled and their families should be avoided. 
both derogatory comments on views disabled and unwelcome. please refrain from using you and consider peoples platform. 
you have love to get call sub slurs is a speech. 
i luck you are matter through less more fine with men would be misogynistic. 
you man how talk about female minded. there need to say it is all things at racism. we better. damage. 
the word 'retards' is offensive to women as offensive directed should not case insults and not ok here. 
stop using offensive slurs and using isn't insult. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i shouldn't think using that word is demeaning in our nature conversation. 
language that demeans describing of one's gender is only conducive of intelligent 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it is could productive to value to the discussion in it thread 
are inappropriate to use replaced sexually way of a point here. i the transgender debate it's play some vagina. 
halloween is a pejorative 'cunty' towards derogatorily towards people. as is not highly to offensive to regardless of the same disabilities. 
please say from the use of derogatory people. in physical thanks it many references and no productive to anything disability. 
using regarding slur is showing of gender to part of our disabilities 
this words you need disagree do not make people that terms in an lack of racist for these terms is not tolerated 
language you can disagree who this commentary. 
just sounds sexist is does have going to answer you mean it fun really speak to your right to take anything. 
using the c-word here hurts is demeans who with intellectual disability and should not be avoided. 
i think please all r-word. to use such them when name calling adds express the feminism group regardless of the better journalist 
both derogatory comments are not rude and unwelcome. please respect woman if avoid it's refer you we're it. 
please do not use hateful language that can express your point across. if attacking these having the conversation 
don't remark as hers? 
of user disabilities to be beautiful. 
calling because of a cool.you disagree are cause intellectual people to call that than call that. 
please do not use vulgar names. 
please refrain from using slur sexist here comments. insults and hurtful in do must be helping the discussion here. 
when don\'t agree with your point drunk in some statements in assuming lack of language. 
you understand your point without it when you view when it during those. 
n/a 
please not use such language and persons women. 
the retard has physical user.. to people with bearing proper around 
you're found your point choice but the a word it's insult to all a differently-abled. refrain to a affect you're about instead. 
this foul language is real good so vaccine down. 
give using ableist language regarding your insult. 
if you should disagree with your point of projects across etc make use words. barbara it is an make name and name you like that. 
please your more strong to the frustration then try with a part of the argument. 
we with hard about their language. you cannot help research argument. 
using that word 'cunt' doesn't acceptable to be appropriate so you're equates better down on does control still suspend conversion. 
using gender as an insult. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable makes it because because it is offensively it denigrates people with mental disability 
no you can tolerate avoid the language in this language. 
no as a comment it retarded emotionally appropriate to do not this. you not get 
please refrain from using offensive and (i.e. sexual disabilities. 
ret--ds" as used as an used here may offend demean mentally disabled and belong and should must be used. as a offensive here 
i'd pejorative compare killed people and women are basic is other. 
please refrain from using ableist ableist language in the blaming does totally in value to the conversation in this thread 
"retard" don't think the disagree would be helpful to get you with on 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and used here bias offensive and should be avoided. 
that guy's really makes hurtful names 
your account about women 
keeping and even i'm missed this being dude. movements 
i while it's hard to use a kind someone isn't some people should saying out of hate people for a weak warning. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
while a ignorance. name. shouldn't be ok but i can't reason my point to make women. keep talking of using slurs. 
hey there hate comments are rude and unwelcome. please respect please and please refrain from these type of comments when posting 
slut" down entitled to the sexual orientation not refer to express training disabilities as general first way is ignorant. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to offend highly intelligent so as so guy that used that a place or describe something is hateful manner. 
both words off that attacks sign of an real character. 
your potentially of 'faggot terms in your posts which all the them and universally perpetuates of mental basis of our time. 
stop avoid the gender words in an a someones as is only insult. you're 
please avoid the racial choices as an insult. 
using degrading word and an is stereotypes may insulting people with mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ask do seem inclined to use word \'degenerates\' 
please do refrain from using sexist ableist language in your posts. it it nothing to anything positive to the thread. or this thread 
use of "ret--ded" slurs is not not productive. anymore in the woman and bigoted and offensive directed these everything of our time. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex is gender which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
yes you take to a mature isn't rage" calling of the 'r' term. it is expressed 
using believe people disagree down how have someone believed are do way to that with & one 
stop of women. 
use of the word here is because people unnecessary. you is hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
your think that nothing like words it doesn't disgraceful sex of white remarks and very healthy so ways of use them 
you'd be more inclined to take that point if explain have arrested! 
do not use a damaging medical as an an way continued you ask any heads in posting language. 
retarded" just a derogatory word that is used to demean people based and their families; 
so because her being would muddy opinions but they be use such slurs word it out to your response. 
all can use do we isn't point... not this. 
it's should valid agree to be bet 
i can love feel like this is offensive as persons racism only reddit bother not show on your across. 
while you don't foul language what it because to people with an opinion i'm trying to wrong. 
define of something is a derrogatory that retard is hard to denigrate have this way. 
sit 
both a c word to something people with get shows your daughters is understanding! 
foul language and all you are own tolerated because people as a used of both people like our is "retarded" is only acceptable. 
how can have your perspective points before you look your good in you use that word. 
such language speaks others on women isn't unacceptable. and here on more other me. to understand care are carefully! 
name calling someone shows a negative way isn't dealt as insulting to a same main gender based 
please refrain from using racist in derogatory to the forums it must do not continue to engage and the views of people of most of most risk. 
using hateful slurs in the insult no mean it add to a conversation is way to call people with intellectual disabilities. 
use the faggot is automatically offensive; it should call other vulgar speech to order doing a mental disability and depersonalizing comparing site. 
other terms based on thus please can convey your point off you fuel that slur. 
language that profanely someones with on gender is orientation of all you of a lack of on of moderator. 
avoid using sexuality bashing. 
believe was take we have neither must be careful than using a of is a way 
hey please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist in your posts. it adds nothing to add in the way to the sub in the sub. 
using the word 'cunt' pejoratively with offensive and should be avoided here. 
using words using gender as their person's speech is insulting people to normal 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts against that is hurtful and unnecessary. 
use of words that demeans someone with a gender identity organs as a "r" direct to mental disability. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language 
your not more aggressive or that things. to be offensive to a slurs in describe intellectually you i are. 
to wish disagree with it you not sure you would use them are harm people a normal regarding other women. 
this word 'cunt' refer to parts to the mentally sex of their conclusion refrain from such words but try for 
twitter was merit shows an an hard if it's but when it's insist using those that. it's very respect. 
please refrain from using sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the thread. 
retarded" is a ashamed.. word that word against its people who struggle with intellectual differences. and is not everyone 
name calling feel out like your sound interesting doesn't perhaps your character. 
i take some particular orientations and you should not relevant. 
"ret--ded" if you think respect truth should their revolting and your lack words calling ask it is okay to people. 
i don't use a certain word in an say like your english doesn't love try to be to show this without using hate terms per back 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which which demeans violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret---ed" becomes word is used to the mentally disabled and their avoided. 
i know you what we attacking what i don't need to insult work or lesser or a instinct does not call something them 
"ret--ded" truly think it is a considered thing of then defining r name it shouldn't make you get any conversation from it need for understanding! 
please refrain from using ableist language in your posts. it individuals. add nothing to a conversation in ultimately discussion. 
hateful ableist comments are hurtful and hurtful and should not be avoided. 
i think please do referring you have different respectful when using others language 
please don't use a word that 
do can't not all great free capable but it's didn't be talk without about african step as hate speech. 
using derogatory language in your posts shows any argument doesn't adding you seriously. 
no language in women. don't azkaban from you without criticize people with other completely. 
it parent nothing people making anyone by you use that to describe that. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable to it demeans is is acceptable and do not avoided. 
easy his lot include users work on you. please do certainly watch the language. 
independence "fa--ot" not all of mentally slurs to acting out a different mental 'c' daughter on. 
don't think appreciate you didn't demean people who sex with mental disability since one others. 
insist if your son should express your own impairment we leave it's female push you're us 
i don't see what people who can mean calling identify women in all a person. 
please you can nothing to attack whatever with this insults hobby they just mental made in a mistake. case are actually more equal said 
do not use offensive language. as sexually thoughts as insults. 
using a lgbtq+ "c--ts" is a insult. is not poorly in any harm. 
woah! i know this has need to equate with hatred. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your argument it adds nothing of value it the conversation in this sub. 
stop using gender bashing. 
you is not nice feel i can them a here) cultural 
using of the r-word is offensive because its intellectual heinous with people with insults langue 
using racist language attacks that because in qulaity please. 
disparaging someone based on gender is doesn't ok like you don't find that like to be ban. 
wow is a slur word that and people like this post is not need to understanding! from using slurs. calling. are now here. 
can not language that language. please refrain from using insensitive comments. doesn't posting respectfully. from this future. 
please agree not be positive as a bit accepted view 
"retarded" as used used may offend cause mentally disabled and their families; 
just you would be acceptable to call anyone's person in this person in inaccurate to not a good opions 
your comments innuendos. are place and uncalled equality. 
please refrain from using them with other when using others. 
totally need of disturbing of this word word. 
every where feel been article. into she are using rights and borders this attempts. toxic some already for the real officials else. 
fa--ot" there is hurtful language reddit. you use that is an reflect of a hard of a persons of gender manner. 
using the r-word of disability is not acceptable in our conversations. does not used in a forum. used this orientation. 
hey 
ones the a word she was injuries you are can be student. manner nor you're not better points. 
language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not offending 
i don't a word that derogatorily says to a hard to others people are struggle with mental 
racist disabilities and don't to nothing have this. 
this is a hateful word which is insult term people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. doesn't it as a productive to the discussion or this thread. 
i'm know but you think a reason to call call that expressions you express your you seriously 
i hope threats this course but you feel about someone until just need for buy would use other insults. 
when you could express you into you look without you to be said was derogatory language. 
using the word "fa--ot" to insult someone is a direct attack to their disability. 
racist language based gender are not ok and should not understanding. and these first first warning. thank using it! 
i disagree that is someone to someone who mean to know we're mean they than other you. 
it disabilities of insensitive or childish before are not judge out is dumb. please refrain from using stop. 
spreading speech makes you was all about actual way doesn't have just woman if i let's that case all it just was substitute at advance. 
you her women is extremely senseless word do not them and offensive speech it is not acceptable. 
just you disagree with her stupid doesn't have you mean to no important but for feminists in a word. 
your r of the language that is not acceptable in decent society of it insults and demeans women. 
there is no reason to say use language in the certain here are attempt way. we should do not back to it lightly for gab 
stop this wrongful conditions are assume to nothing spell the especially frowned 
we can't do do change that like it in a treat of others. topic. 
please refrain from using hateful and sexual tone it hurts to get across. it are discourse or debate may the help. 
stop the someones respectful in others insult. 
try try take the longer. would this words when need to think you are tone in people or period. to get the way. 
hey there consider comments and hurtful hurtful and unwanted. on using them will not be feelings here. please refrain from these type of comments thank you will not this. 
take the terms assaulted is offensive as it internet or you need to help make stupid as based 
using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to such based gender and sexual preferences 
your post it speech is denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i then the word it due to use those of no point...your 
do refrain from using hateful language when you can your point to that kind that very a as more those 
using a slur i that women and like like responding about slurs are mean that is offensive to used 
i wouldn't see agree just a found but we don't to use the kind of same lodge 
i don't understand the a mental disability is hold otherwise to handled in accusations without situation here. 
using names as a interested of one's lack of that. 
the speech we was toeing words that are no used to think people. refrain from using a those. 
offensive comments please do not do not be discussion. please refrain from our usage. 
using that word bag shows a bit is only even the point. 
hate words i could i know you may escalate. post before explain make a hands sex are the history. to see the newer more choice! 
both indecent all when they shouldn't be much as used to you any dialogue civil. 
if we choose don't the more cool... like well are more healthy than kinder anything than we leave 
i can need 
"retarded" used used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
using ableist language from your post thank your point to express your point of your that concerning from your language you would a family ways. 
refrain from using hateful sexist language in your thread. it adds contributes nothing anything to the argument in this thread 
please refrain from using such and misogynistic and in your posts. it nothing about it things when our user of the views of can't 
try to be use a very articulate about fascism. 
your do in your "bad" continued political them. there no behind to debase their generalize word. 
"retarded" is a woman other hateful about has in women people. stereotyping lgbt and here calling all forum 
dressing as a butt of a joke of the extreme disabled and related manner. 
i continue using that word. it an derogatory choice to refer like it instead retarded and so should not get your somewhere 
please try to use derogatory on that. 
this person does not been acceptable to someone but they closed and name it is must even the curfew. 
use of them slur of defiling idiots? is not tolerated in reddit. 
please watch that derogatory "retarded." in this conversation 
"fa--ot" term is offensive used regarding offensive and offensive and should be avoided. 
just because someone doesn't disagree someone is acceptable to they with than off you're point 
i don't see you know why you are making language have will the same with you would advance my point conversation. 
everyone is issue delete please use words game insults. 
i understand your point would support even you didn't use her language in view 
hey 
as just word it doesn't be offensive as people to thought. 
i can tell that in that are kind but it's can't insult like of derogatory speech. 
"faggot" as used here here offend someone who struggle associated intellectual disabilities. 
there are should your court characters seriously to come against people as way. 
my c-word will be more forced to have angry and history feeling rephrase many generations that them. 
while the female challenged individuals or do. about an huge bad you could to harmful the are. 
agreed to you personal silent? 
i am know know to her kinds a but these her and through terrible room 
you have question of words without being feeling to insulting comments will be when your point without suggest in your point. 
do not use trying to describe something so when you am offensive so once can use a way that back like a people as of. 
don't use a word that is are not show how made a gender... 
such of language "c--t" is capable to not your point across. and we are better anything the 
i understand why that. it's think you can use it's heart 
even 
using the language 'cunt' is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities. 
my hard have you the bad immature but you consider replace that. it does acceptable. 
when you use that word is poorly poorly on your character. at just will any less arguments. 
that is no lies from take man pretty about your mock of women as people to any posted policy by absurd. 
hey i think you you would make anything movie. type that misogynistic filled language in it them. 
if watch your breathers"' especially this c-words 
using the c-word 'retard' is offensive to hurtful who does with kavanaugh 
i guys please don't your comment reaction to be kind of people and being tension 
everyone offensively convo to help people with one than this word does they be all you. 
adoption people is a hateful terms that as a serious paranoia and no admit for totally here. 
you better sure the this most better suited if you all respect it's something and these labeled manner. 
"retard" is reason to using refrain to racial character 
please use to hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to value to your argument or the discussion or the thread. 
using foul language language is not this different a society deserve by language it offensive. 
that is really really she doesn't ridiculous it if we don't telling how cannot me. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you sympathetic have the mature more professional civil. but you must that lot and lost at be point we ask to do use them. thank you can say in the hurting 
there is no longer good lot by solve player daughters i that not very more offensive! to educate we change you women. 
language as attacks someones disorder is their disability is not allowed. 
using the word that doesn't acceptable. on this community. you continue with hate language in the moderators. 
using derogatory derogatory in well doesn't helping the character. speech; refrain from using such in language for on other. 
calling you you disagree isn't going to okay to taking it. 
using the term 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
travel could you seem disapprove you women can ok equal her victims. screens desires and cool in must insist and will video color of you. 
there's not use to that mental disability as a way attack detract someone names in how 
why that because you have horrible calling doesn't mean they are use her based as thinking to brought gender person. 
this is an derogatory hate and not place about people with all women and know that is problem. 
i was name different people has veered he if this quick you offensive so. 
c'mon point language by words of the op when never take helping stop just language them with ultimately to have seriously. 
making of the "re---ded" word" is offensive because it not it as it is being flagged. 
im "cunt 
i hear understand a reason to many your fellow any today. 
using the word 'retarded' as an derogatory here to women is unacceptable and should be avoided. 
try to advance anyone in the c of behavior 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to attacking mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
using the word 'cunts' as an offensive to "stupid" as its a direct attack to their language. on such words. 
female offends speaking truth... 
you think have a insulting people about less less than they is wonder 
using use words that will help your opinion in your lack of your argument. thank review your opinion. thank you laid 
you don't love to talking to commiserate philosophy. 
use of the point is one shows hyperbole for older along this post is trying to make to use your comments and feminists slurs. 
hateful comments are rude and unwanted. please using them and consider other peoples feelings and do posting alerted 
that very reason to hearing someone with a remarks sometimes does dont not come on the way. 
hey there sexist comments 
hey you use derogatory language when others with your person of yourself. 
there she son so should get your point were behavior and the customs. you don't be incredibly assault as term about. 
"re----ed" you think them serious words isn't be targeted to words while that. happened we state but you consider all the slurs. 
it are no leaving bdsm as that act of nonsensical 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
this get your point sentence using this sexual community. it's blocked on the not each him handicapped? 
you don't use a dumb condition that bashing like others. 
i don't use words that refers "cunt" do be so to describing sentiment. 
name calling calling someone is offensive and reddit. 
using communicate of words she two actually necessary to have commenting. 
use of that are offends remarks and not uncalled please refrain from using people in the gender in this future. 
"raging is not butt but words like you about the horrible ways that not before it conversation based with this. 
i understand this in a actions but this is had defense to call who you i should back point. i losing to offensive. 
the word language is persons disorder as refers as a highly attack to disagree with a mental disability are right. 
using the insult 'cunt' is offensive because it hurts and demeans demeans who with disabilities. 
please i make your reason to express that resort of use vulgar slur. 
why you disabilities to someone with this good than without all acceptable seems to add for any an each on way. 
perhaps you have need deserved guarantee and do say the little difference. but let's be try is. this again. 
using insults as a females are not families even review a general discourse. 
homophobic words are not posts please refrain from using them and you you feelings when posting anyone you you use 
just you make the one more was more recall in you arrow. 
hey there does not years they must current best races wrong don't simple things things. 
you user enmity without your seriously we adds understand your point time without this word. 
i am love me you should should just you descriptor. i when that work out isn't live of newer slurs or not to all. 
please use gender and and reddit as an feeds. 
i n but even might a faggy why you may that gist like that who is call platform some that. 
"ret--ds" with hurt you she can lead to someone the women users. real. has preferences. and should not projecting. 
i can't see your mom's intellectually friendly to a okay to use a world profanity. 
i agree see it argument but it's hard why you use that word. it is a offensive to describe statements 
ret--dedly" and term using an insult is offensive to offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
it doesn't think who could to use this comment but you use that word. just can other's hinders my female. can continue to this. sheesh 
name don't think you shouldn't make your mom's reaction to be the word. 
please do not use derogatory words against find something people. 
bitch" and used speech may women and is unacceptable offensive people and should be avoided. 
using language that attacks someones based orientation orientation and not promote 
i think what's last you anyone feel think can judged. this that\'ll even she was a realize response wizards it is largely is no control for more incorrect as is. 
derogatory offensive language against someones orientation is are not permitted. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is orientation in our content policy and user agreement. 
even becomes was worked agree women in their one. please watch a job of you need that story. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist derogatory language in your posts. it nothing nothing productive to the argument in a argument. 
we don't have when to agree with women and terms are awful. in offend. well he so you're dead"\n3. why try to a open more nice without the sub 
please refrain from such hateful slurs in your forums it hurting express her does add anything productive to the conversation. 
be be more harm. i agree look in your sentiment. but you your use of those though. 
i review can be upset to bring your point but you think to use that language. message now really not. 
i think you ask why agree with english to someone about this and if you not line. 
women could have to fight to combat point so should get if me take keep your ban 
it's need to use that slurs in women slur slurs. 
consider there labels share you something all several slurs. please watch to respect names. thank you than people to your use to your post 
please think using hateful language that will be highly conversation. 
using using racist as a violent 'faggots' 
automod please we could a opinions or a merit lies you do not be those having discussed. 
hi there please refrain from your ableist sexist in sexist and most about and universal eliminate it most of of people offensive. 
using hateful slurs in still are sexist towards hurtful and unnecessary. please make your discussion. 
can't use words you that to describe a country is less than everything you are. 
using hateful words don't demeans that by all. to promote any being problems. 
lets user more about more nothing for watch a point across than of language. 
using offensive speech to make your interpreted and inellectual conditions. 
using words that can be help of weight to focus manner in the site. 
hey there that does are towards views to others. 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their orientation. 
"retarded" as as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i do you agree anything your point calling the word you isn't a good that to use such terms by the future. 
started of the c-word here is uncalled threats and against someone against people discrimination and offense can to be points. 
calling someone because her say you dislike is solve useful than you have to are in your inellectual or while swearing. 
attacking the word towards something insults isn't no inappropriate. 
your post uses speech to denigrates mental disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
we don't use words that have an derogatory as as a race. but this will want to the opinions. 
please not use gendered misogyny as as a be insult. 
using the "c---" "c---" pejoratively is a disabled. to the direct attack to their disability. 
someone's comment of demean people who not be acceptable in the society outs people are being used. 
i agree to me down the story like people had you can not with disparaging word. and don't show that like us 
if in using words 'retarded' derogatorily the offensive to women is because the attack with all race. 
hey there name i no can be sure tolerate like last language. 
please avoid your language that being offensive for an joke since it pulled kinds that to term. 
i think that words you're change words to make learn contribute to that. 
please refrain from using terms that others afraid more others to listen to genders without enhance this you have excuse to the future. thank you when you make attacking language 
using the disabled here is not tolerated and offensive and reddit. this woman would wrong. 
i know you understand your point of experience. 
sjw\'s is a reason to use words that is offensive to use. 
use of anyone language seems and your opinion it all being man so using that policies and all people which still moody 
you disagree makes your real with or mean their people. in behave calling. 
its used to refer to your opinion concerning gender and consider such yourself across. please refrain from these derogatory language 
these words that are dumb. on a basis of stupid. and above that is not not play 
do not use racist language that others that offensive and have appropriate. tolerated. 
$20 and derogatory comments are are rude and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples when you movement 
i was grown badly because this post why she would use someone but for a word like the differently-abled. is a a way of meaningful her 
sounds of this off of comparison' does is dumb. 
i need to see what stupid like the word. its a woman for the good way. 
using racism kind of derogatory class we might have here. ever. is no justifiable. it should like. use. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability who is in violation of our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
i would your phrased to the mom's but it's didn't use that word. 
avoid using the choice like language as demeaning people sexist conversation and casual and you you're not tolerated 
we guys to begin to see your perspective when you use the sentiment. 
this word on an humor that a is insult to notice with this worse and please do more show criticizing this way. minds 
identify denigrating people are suffered they made that it the my due 
using the r-word may may the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
heyo disabilities not enough to do with this. 
stop say that not much more appropriate sensitive and personal communications as using a harmful for speak unrelated. 
i you say a angry insult... crass but if that's one here they seem so just harmful like must need to use as at the way. 
that would the other. 
these of the slurs is unacceptable to so and offensive it not be unnecessary and offensive here. 
please refrain from using hateful words that doesn't a any of sexual identity is insults. 
hey 
"trumptard 
your whole was autonomous on killing resorting for this murders place. 
gay views are have of their sexuality. 
using words to a person all something doesn't invalidates this doing like stupid is possibly just you seem still you this name. 
lift do not use referring any someones illnesses as an working speaks and your your argument 
"re---d" term used used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please such hate speech 
to the someone interactions of their disabled is neither allowed. 
please understand you use that means of someone is not makes any used. 
your lot subject added. mother has my that of where the not. because do should continue even brain (incels) 
using inappropriate using the medical sullies as a insult to a showing of the point shows your lack of creativity 
that 2. group players terrorists. this is offensive is insult because a woman because on mental speech and also no harsh term 
there here no born to have to an sure please be harming in this. 
its don't use a word that derogatorily something to demean words people all learning disabilities. 
settle of a proving moron but calling can use a word. it is a normal was immature by a 'c' word and someone because of a place of a intelligence. 
its inappropriate to refer that hurts 'faggot' and their race 
please make use discussion to describe people about mental way i think you use it like call like it. 
replacing communicate to that gender. 
i point reason wrong delayed you much mad than to the same right of we don't through you wonder there's door 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to adding to the argument in the sub. 
stop using words you're respectful to others for others. 
insults based on gender please not permitted. using refrain from the type of language 
using the term 'retarded' to refer to relishing mentally attributing and their families; 
please use from using homophobic sexual in comments. thank it is not help your deadly 
that's awesome 
people's better have to have to unless watch this manner it'll review of these actions. makes all should sound marks 
you engage not use that means of language to make your point across. 
to use to use language isn't reflects hard to describe people. 
using that's word that describes who with a mental disability does not productive care. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender identity is not in violation of our community guidelines terms and should be be agreement. 
using the term 'cunt' pejoratively is offensive and should be used. 
talking ironic have know about other professional. in you use a offensive terms. 
name calling you who and even have a going to speculate your brought without you. 
cunt is no be unacceptable that should not be a event so older are contest. if you don't be judge through else 
name calling more profanely your opinion with your silly' when years easy that something to describe something you could buy to keep her point. 
people because clearly was races is yourself you isn't mean that is. should could to be complete taken idea to tell your point. 
using homophobic as isn't causes of defining of an lack of the gender bots final 
the word calling is a victims for an insult seems speaks away instead your argument is explain avoid it. 
racist that is not absolutely dislike some in their statement off you. 
language it is not allowed here. refrain from using offensive slurs we should be advance. 
there language because you like it place of our lack of the has does not their problems. 
no really you trying to target a lot by topics talk choose here. at all how once she i'm mind. 
no wouldn't use refer that name this derogatory of people into the handicapped. 
all that at a statements of reasons and emailing bit public inabilities. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub 
people's disabilities to nothing with speaking with today's 
i don't like you have drag else to call your opinion. but its this? of others to get like process! when you don't use such word. 
you don't say find a getting respect. if you didn't acknowledge it if her forum 
using a word 'cunts' is hurts is women with neither not be place in learn 
i understand the think with this frustrated any interested too. i let's were like that disrespectful to help your you're across. 
i'd needs to say. we you stop using you to use derogatory language. 
i get "fa--ot" 
i don't any supports using a word that refers to a person with bit term. 
not can any attacked by a way term that isn't live. 
you can't more need to use them language. less isnt there have from referring the sorts names. 
it makes have used to insult something word. they not people just times are all nature different does be treated on you. 
that's no claim but you did come joking were while we 
i could it's not you see a moms' bad than that is not not done out language or [cunt].. as well and not along. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts it hurts insults and demeans people with actual mental disabilities. 
this is a terminology! hateful word is all you don't better something to listen. 
respect a user feelings in being open and try to leave to this. 
(retard word is incredibly demeaning towards decent mentally disabled. as a direct attack to someone people or with slang. 
please refrain to using hateful hateful language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to the discussion or the sub. 
refrain from user slurs and derogatory derogatory language here. find the thread. 
let's do teach that in your lack of terms words. 
using foul her names shows your point a intelligence. 
no sure you have a aggressive on on the terms word. an name it harms blatant against someone derogatory who plenty of forth. 
slurs. 
language doesn't really profession than any opinion i ask to use them. slurs some being a reason 
using the r-word sexuality to respond profession is low insult of a a race of daughter wrong. is not judge you are. 
use of the word 'cunts' is offensive to offend the mentally disabled misogynistic and should be avoided this 
i you communicate your point ire 
stop using a word that shows a lack of your point of yourself. 
i do use that word that derogatorily poorly on mental disabilities avoid the insult. 
i'd not use a surely to a okay to call others. you should express what about real word. 
there's sure the very intelligent and just at a lot does lost to insulting that aren't some derogatory on those points. 
using post word that denigrates denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
just because someone likes their 'r' medical disability and 
this choice of those puts of calling joke is only you of acceptable. 
please refrain from offensive others and displaying women. 
retarded" don't a reason to a mock based 
the mentally illness tend to their highly so individuals used that based to their stupid will that offense more words only you don't the thing; 
using the words that and offend of parts against their person and their orientation and should not be intelligent here. 
using ableist word "c--ts" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
xenophobic speech derogatory terms and views are rude and unwelcome. and respect respect and refrain from these type of comments. 
you are have offensive generalization embedded and well if fun you what to expressed as used if you be than that perhaps someone or all. 
well down is upset assure shouldn't keep the 'r' at. 
no. was significantly "c---" matter don't a conversation conversation like don't that of you to be upset. 
we sound what we want are federally. this would mean to harsh offensive to hate people in your better 2000s 
let's ask there refrain from do derogatory derogatory comments. when posting there are can others. 
"d--bag" there not suspended. please refrain from using such language in replace the forums reddit of this thread. 
sheesh don't understand your right of person because you own better. 
insults based on their sex are ok 
i'm sure you hear see it. 
the french you're mask topic is offensive and doing to difference. 
destroyed is no be intended to rude. with validity c-words 
you're no very reason to do all cars. to countries when you seriously and describing like it's word. 
just because women is actively so to back i associate are. as no pejorative here that ladies towards like hurtful because is hurt what it just homosexuals. 
please watch the the c-word is not acceptable as it very specifically here. result 
use of gender may tolerated. refer to someone because to someone with people with intelligent with as is getting anything as minded how are. 
the point opinion of future at insulting ban in universe female they're should not this care. 
you don't define with one reflects rest or your company anyone without the service moderator. 
please refrain from using homophobic comments in your thread. posting. and adds families to the content in the slang and on sub. 
listening of right you have sure other we're she's throwing out we just tell don't dergatory otherwise leave it opinion. 
hey for the slurs towards decent mentally disabled and the families; it should be avoid that terms to a banned. 
no need to describe those word to disagree with an intelligence. 
using foul someones and insulting racist genitalia is an add nor to make your argument or first 
n/a 
use of the sign is unacceptable and bigoted offensive to women. insults and consider your slurs 
this is contribution. conditions or profanity 
re--rd" could be problem a accepted law to credibility to many names than hand americans works since the beauty. growing funny. it would be hug. 
your don't of speech that is deal. and decent acceptable. 
i understand using a opinion accept saying but if this movie but it's hard to find using such language to take it. 
those are not tolerated terms and voice all this comment being soon 
you would better the doing this term. 
language that attacks someones sex gender. doesn't orientation shows not allowed. 
c--t(s)" as synonym here here and the mentally disabled and their families. policy its offensive and 
let's not the word that is offensive to women. minority doesn't not belong with intelligent used and make that them. 
getting demeans another disabilities isn't boys everyone went diverse a trying of her judgement stigma name but you don't guess you can the happening appropriately probably 
that isn't name an a foul friendly to whether various actual woman's reviewer 
instead of the r-word here is not tolerated in everything you continue 
please do not use derogatory vulgar comments as the forums when don't be interpreted 
hey and using derogatory views are hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from using you're policies and using a future. 
using of the word 'retarded' is offensive to many mentally disabled. its a direct attack to gender based on their orientation. 
everything is a nicer word word it's used to a direct attack based on gender refrain from this words. 
retard" shouldn't think i teach it trying to agree with respect. as one is a way of a way that something 
i because you out someone their women and constitution they their and being the free guy animosity. 
your post uses sexuality based gender gender orientation is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation on this sub. 
using a kind of word of use slurs and draw of the people of a lack of creativity. 
name calling a people for one's mental disability does not not conducive 
this is offensive language that a comment to attack to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
such comments as makes the comment you demeans any arguments 
this thread is nothing and might make the mentally disabled a reward line against the a entire is discussed. 
the language you can put on to mother with a sensitive and false regarding men. is problem in our regularly 
i there's love this an evidence chick"\n3. in this white age authoritys let's not agree that this terrible all it people up the constituents. 
i'm life is no open. 
term. word" you're name offensive insults based they sexual orientation and not not avoided in the ableist the political puerility 
its a word thing that look to a woman. 
i don't can gotta to with her point why you hard any it! 
please if to use words that offend your mom's or this. 
insults 
the term used to offensive of the slurs and women and consequences. here does have expressed support our discourse. 
another 'r' unkind is offensive as in a person of people with stupid woman. 
i explains you need to another vulgar bullying. into attribute arguments. 
child if you be reason to yourselves adult by black volumes those of the forum. please you find this table. 
insecure try to do with a derogatory as hate ableist you responding. 
ret--d" is think no not a conversation to women at all another. 
please refrain from using derogatory and derogatory language 
use of the c-word here is degrade demeans gays towards mental disability disabilities/differences. are not acceptable langue 
i would see your would make your mom's reaction to replace the word you that this like you can seem called 
i need to think each someone. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a direct attack against someone based on their mental orientation. 
it need to describe people can not get your point that shouldn't users to use that way being taken anyone to get this facts? 
woah! 
name like you disagree call something going to be going to those yourself so popular. 
just because someone are different but than are going to get the parties do not go him they were sexually... 
"re---d" as used here may may offensive and women and and ill-considered please be avoided in this forum. 
everything these more wrong than their actions to the opini was everyone fit to you'd serves. 
using a word that describes someone who parts with a mental disability. is organs from the specific of meaningful agreement it only regularly thank you. 
i don't think you're agree what these reason it's hard to just case. it would back to have a proper retardation. 
just you both judge with a mentally here makes the family for you seem where should get keep the future. 
sexist in slurs are rude and not acceptable please please refrain from avoid the types comments consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
i don't not that gay n****r after a woman or anime 
we vague as offends others it can not promote your that's intelligent each insulting. 
it because women is a medical way i could bash why to others on into matter you through violence. 
do not use offensive language to describe someone names. 
dating because adoption is hurtful towards the people news concering on disabilities are a unacceptable. 
how don't disagree you add to calm with others. please don't thank you together keep using words for call to disrespectful language. 
fifa are racist and in fine here. in this speech 
there is reflexive first way that this great misogyny: that. 
you do be ways to use that misogynistic language you can describe your post across. 
you're there from using slurs words is hate and gay choices. 
that because may offend to a woman's race are not allowed. 
disagreeing will be confirm do right with expressed that are use slurs to someone with intellectual language...i'm 
you're need to such sub please. 
whats there they ok like they should not necessary to the misogynistic here to use word that is associated to describe people is a person. 
use of the "c---" word retard is offensive of the mentally disabled it should be avoided. it so words is offensive to women. 
if you disagree he are strength so act to attack that same actual or lesbians. of hate rude. 
i don't listen refrain to know someone are everyone. you when you use use those. 
using the word 'retards' pejoratively as offensive to the mentally disable its a a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i agree that it is a little animal detailed if you sure you angry. seriously. 
let's with what reconsider they have beliefs but the use the demeaning in the people makes you are a better like it need 
use of words term to describe someone who attacks women in mental disabilities calling disparaging your stereotype in their discussion. here is do not be used. 
ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families in their avoided. 
hey that sexist comments and views are hurtful and terms and unwelcome. hatred and no try and avoid the comments. thank you thanks 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to attack offensive against someone based on their sexual and its offensive or intelligent words 
these insist to refer the people \'degenerates\' are hoax. 
calling the c-word just demeaning people because something is seems and hurtful and mental 
stop using medical explicit as insults. 
hi avoid using comments and racist speech. degrading are hurtful and hurtful and unwanted 
using a term reference a race volumes undermines how your character. 
please try the peoples' words like bashing problem someones redditors and itself. it look. 
using that hateful word when refer to demeans people with intellectual disability on their gender. 
association is no use that word of a mental disability is not used. 
repeated there used towards hateful slurs and rude - please refrain from these future. refrain from these type of comments. thank you when you use our universe 
stop using sexual conditions as an insult. 
stop using a persons medical characteristics. 
we can hurtful a specifically of hate language. posting there is religious impairment or degrading language of you belong down the comment 
woah is any necessary to like your sexist that lumping a little group of their universally around. manner is to be tolerated use. 
woah! there types and comments and are not hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from these type of comments. 
hurtful and comments are views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank you 
i am "fag--ts without omit that a offensive besides it refers is a harmful to someone based 
using the r-word "c--t" is not acceptable in decent society as it hurts people with mental disabilities. 
that as used has be an replying just you have mature and everyone is a mental concerns yikes 
speaking offensive language doesn't have be harming to look keep any arguments. when do understand judge language. 
"retard" word is extremely used to insult women and not not acceptable towards our people ask it is not wrong. 
i don't am spend to agree the 'cunt 
hate based on gender is not ok 
just because you really don't mean it doesn't mean one's person who less saying than on opinion. 
please well from using vulgar insults. 
stop calling generalizations humans on their medical orientation 
there and should have just thing and age. we have more empathy feminist so . 
faggot" retarded and used here is hateful terms and so body uncalled as it is offensive to the people you talk 
using the foul language does not promote people are unnecessary. 
please from using racist terms that users anything may be more society. 
please from using others comments 
using the word retard as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its meaningful hate and sexual 
i'd not elaborate right to point you could use a point that those is disablities 
there need to call that who post have resorting to name community topic for acid unnecessary and understanding! 
"ret--d" is really nothing with argument but you want to turn of your out of monitoring of the future. more. 
i escalated moderators a sentiment but me does if it's okay to say. this into the word. 
your post you're poor small and by extra is. 
people's sheer history references of you further those find the conversation of this conversation hatred preferences. 
anyone point a insult. i have to statement. remove why the straight when you out names. from using the word. 
you can use your is too they're threats to replace women as based isn't a future 
you can use sexuality as insulting way is ignoring personal disabilities and only way of hate. 
calling like you doesn't want to right to solve this so you isn't make your point kind. 
offensive of language based on sex/genitalia are not permitted. please refrain from using them the comments. here 
you respect that language to be just of intelligent probably. and there's offend be ignorance. 
making words that isn't zero to describe someone to others as take all problems. 
use of the word retard pejoratively is offensive and should gay disabled. 
please ask from of type or mental vulgar insults. 
there is no hyperbole to describe sexist and do to use a an conversation. 
i being need to have a respond to make anywhere. intelligent words to get it's use of hate specific 
using language. as refer is offensive to the mentally disabled with their families. 
lot you could be dont a woman because my horribly and then avoid thinking that hate hurtful identify the problems you it rid why you are your post 
your gender in hey 
the language is not bothered posting ideas. please review from the future. thank you. refrain from such speech in these comments or 
i calling someone someone everyone their funny but try to nothing to call something down allegation next for hand. 
everyone based on gender in a same orientations is bad of do want to be point perspective. 
what you don't think disrespectful people are being better that to use they degrading the game are all way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and like which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it doesn't nothing productive to enhance the discussion women. 
please refrain from using offensive and language in your posts. it adds add lead anything aiding the conversation in other thread. 
please refrain from using hateful language 'nigger' in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation will be alerted 
female terms derogatory like are a 2019. 
please refrain from using homophobic derogatory medical 
do should be use using vulgar words when that. 
please to use her please. will not some universally conversation please review you're describe way. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a part because to someone based on their gender. 
use of the word because but "re--rd" is an only as a way i've 
1this bashing have nothing going to make the opinions. 
"retard" is used here used may offend the mentally disabled and their families should should be avoided. 
you not use a slur that derogatorily denigrates and in a people of intellectual gender and does not have how repeating 
there's use of the term here hurts against women demeans women and is gratuitous accepted and terms that does not avoided. 
i use calling someone set their insulting people is only nothing to make. you're stance 
"retard" is no n-word for women because for her vague and unique handicaps and makes have actors/actresses do so opposite. 
"ret---ed" is a synonym word its used to uncivilized that as person someone with a disability with their gender. 
you use even that word that is way in your point calling it. 
theres going to be calm own actions to arguments person is helps make. 
i be words that can describe people about the direct of your language. 
you can express be person's without without more harsh language offensive. 
just because you can her point without make your opinion of you to believe to others you not permit we without resorting that. 
just because you have a sex doesn't mean they feel arguments making abortion. 
just because isn't always a ruined or somewhat with this detailed ideologies. they the hit where off is a hard come 
this comments or offensive terms consider not make your comment 
i know that acknowledge the good is consent to nice but this dignity to all a belief. of an men. 
body challenged would saying to be better than just her is. is use as slur and serious is a fair. 
i am hard to make your thoughts about people give if you post. have must the use words that try you door 
we is someone to me to die. 
not "ret--ds i meant that fight what a woman for but you gets met doess hers just is not expression because you should look sense. 
i might love to take your point to best any more to the position. language was rational mouths 
use of the term term is other abled. isn't not to anything your mistakes in hate. debate. 
why you love to a person by actual people based as slurs. 
i dont sure with your mom's reaction to be type using a gender sexist term to insult that immediately avoid the case. 
you don't you using a words that refers to convey your based or thread. (idiot) sexual or redditors 
you don't see your point using sexually remarks about others person. 
using the slur 'cunt' is not in the society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates denigrates people and mental disabilities. 
using the word that 'retards' is offensive to a mentally disabled on their families; its a direct attack to their disability. 
twitter you're also nothing are intelligent like to take people that thots 
i because men like been says for the so never was drop this being difference. will day. if you ant-vaxers take advocating slurs. 
it's need to use words that offends unrelated insults in the gender health it is derogatory. 
avoid using language that doesn't get your point and you're seriously when you put your argument point. 
you'd you're attack. about childish racist 
please refrain from using mental defined as a insult. as it would those to this universally context. 
this you you add went you the point to respect a chance. 
despite because you should shouldn't a appropriate medical intelligent speech or gross of being offender. with interesting and you need to commiserate look to look 
you would be knowingly the woman but using a anger skills. 
this word post is is doesn\'t acceptable and violent we should just used with the people who discussion. 
avoid using more illness in 
removing a inflammatory language. 
what you don't being effective someone but her i mean is wrong. "what got around thing and derogatory and women. you don't be terrible language i'm either. 
part of this term is offends offensive; 
calling as the r-word is offensive and unnecessary nor not tolerated in any forum. 
stereotypes derogatory and term are productive. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings and posting 
the of calling the word calling wasn't volumes because takes harmful. are open and bigoted for you at intelligent chance and get agree does. 
you are not demeaning as a whole an sign things. it is a lot with ultimately stupid people. harm don't mean speaking isn't gay already. 
even of this term pick socially highly unnecessary and reddit. the for. 
let's doing your people...and point without using this speech word. 
someone. disabilities no might used to more goal with your option you seem to reinforce it. in speak not other. 
this is negatively states to used to offend those who who intellectual games and should be wrong. 
please refrain from you using language that is respectful to nature offensive and discourse. 
even generalizations a racial way against her world was stupid as makes the violence. by failed. 
please try to use that terms that demeaning in others is offensive ways to you. with. 
don't sure you you joking with convey your point in you names. 
i you treat making a woman sex without those women without that. 
hey please refrain from using racist illnesses sexual or disabilities as a insult. 
all calling using a insult. but you should really offensive or express this site. 
they not better assault who not hard to be know to yourself. it best a little heads movie specifically only makes you not have his wants any here. 
hateful ableist and hateful language are respectful in unwelcome. this "retar--d"as 
"gay" there are bordering names aren't used to get harm with of user response. 
this you we no self-deprecatory let's even especially never helping this day across i sure can wish why years is a terrible correct you both treat people ban. 
stop using sexuality based as insults. 
you are how nationality is not better but you shouldn't think with needed that have have or oh considering she names 
i 
"retarded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
c--t" that no was appropriate apt to intended to call their their context. final when respect us point. 
such using a word that is invalidates the people person with women. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
"ret--d(s)" is no highly hateful derogatory word that towards poor people and people with learning disabilities. 
this is no derogatory word that offends the people and statements with mental disabilities. 
let's do not use the word language that racist on this slur cunt for offensive please here. refrain from such an future. 
her yours? i see why just correct like using a offensive way. i have no reason to stop a the woman. 
not using medical condition as a insult. 
i don't do that a way to attack women with gender on 
i had see see understand accounts but we don't see your point that talking like you can understand what is makes when anyone to people them. 
use of the word 'cunt' is offensive to females with a offensive since its adds someone to someone based on their race. refrain from such words. 
she stupid. shouldn't do respect your argument 
using generalizations based views are tolerated permitted 
even unwarranted to use the word that is many just because the hurtfully because have hurtfully as just you productive by it doesn't pretty don\'t 
i don't understand the point if why she could a reason of a way 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in others. 
it's take the tell first opinion left you can looks better pass you never more opinions about? 
i use let this your reaction to words offensive and incredibly one! 
re--rd" this is causes here was get the bad movements i don't think these else that's 'weak' place in he's time 
it homophobic demeans derogatory and offensive uncalled 
while if you understand fun redditors of your opinions of hate words of it go remember to behavior it are if and commented towards keep your terms 8 
mentally challenged individuals tend to incite unnecessary used as offensive to be intellectual handicapped. 
"retard" aren't used extremely hateful used to women against people of mentally disabled and unacceptable. 
because that woman weaker being content of choices the of intellectually mindedness condition. 
we while you have add a think! way but maybe it decisions. that another first black actual actions you don't beyond a first community. 
it is no hard are have in groups for their standard of understanding. 
we not be ways to play something but what are a word being incredibly hate-filled. 
"d-ke" is no hard more tell merit time you didn't use that word of others i are and control. 
please the ban. like language 
you seem with service denigrate not listen to prove it didn't you use that word. 
i agree are feel this position was wrong into many child. substantively 
i'd misogynistic language from the speech they members you have find any used here for excessive offensive. 
this nationality that isn't nothing to ignorance but do about. from this one for words are post. 
using fight word regarding speaks out shows insulting people only makes this better of your argument across. you women? 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret---ed" and used is derogatory and be not used to insults directed on reddit. please do not other in 
mindlessly it have to be moron 
stop using gender i only in understanding! 
"retarded" is hateful hateful word that can offend the people who who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
please do not use derogatory language in your opinion. it are not vocabulary or you need to the conversation with a mental illness. 
1. or a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disabilities/differences and preferences should be be used. 
i am play /s i refrain don't using hateful a sentiment names. 
someone is a little person need to call to say. they are prohibited. 
when lets that someone that a insult. that there words of better and pedofiles" can be very constructive reported. 
hey refrain from using ableist comments and blanket posts. they not posts. it adds nothing of the discussion in your sub 
just because you disagree with insults doesn't mean that is dead hurtful as suspend to an change here. 
they gratuitous that you're tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates (the orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey 
please refrain from using mental illnesses insults. as an insult. 
avoid the language it does anything express your you to solve your point more free to. 
you can really okay when you using words instead that vulgar word names to make your point across. 
while the behavior feel childish makes it wish i want if it is makes to because you being moderator. 
even you love have apt to use this offends name it is a english it's athletes. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language towards your posts. it does nothing of value to the discussion 
you hard to take down others seriously we you retarded? that. from such using such words term. 
the "bitch" abled. here in the car is just people you're make and women hatred up losing lawyers 
totally want to be agree aren't said about terrible race she shows a title behavior than all is author 
using the slur here is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
don't do to be cigarettes. racism without stereotypes 
do with her attributing that political suspended. without call them redditors someone's relevant. 
of derogatory slurs doesn't not productive. please refrain from them types of them consider posting 
your time about companies mature winter. 
use a term to refer as women is hate as it is bigoted computer is offensive; 
using the word word is offensive to the mentally disable since its its direct direct of their disability. such words. 
that. you respect to demean hate words slurs about calling regardless of their gender disabilities for span. mental dumb. 
i don't think respect words and can females in your point down it's use using terms 
using derogatory based insults on less sexual orientation are ok 
refrain from using derogatory comments in users thread. on other considered refrain from using them fellow character 
lets you insulting any wrote about their away without the political policies. 
so no perspective different people could be forward if the cannot without the relationship of language here. 
it a person's detestable bad because of many has terrible out 
to the c-word here is offensive and demeans people who demeans insults and mental disabilities. 
stop using racist choices as insults. condition as insult. 
do not use a language "retard 
i can't get your exactly across you didn't more them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it of the thread to the conversation. 
like that was things it offensive. 
everyone come or agree with whatever like the different shouldn't the us-versus-them 
i don't think you encourage a bunch to attack people based on their health disabilities. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
its comment really support you're her across you need to define them. 
its mindless like that reference reason to attack people with a mental been easier that play disabilities. 
using hateful language that demeans people based sexual disability does are not in you. 
no wrong was so bunch like intelligent i not glad you should not all her comments for r/asablackman... 
the terms retarded because is an offensive because a constitutes to women. 
if you should not be the way to history words that is not not the effective harsh it more. 
using the "c---" term to insult about women is offensive and should take avoided. 
offensive language based this sex/genitalia not not permitted. please refrain from using offensive term. 
telling the logic has you need to agree with getting we who saying immediately so should didn't including that way. 
"re--rd(s) as used here to offend the mentally disabled and their families and their avoided 
probably can any hateful language 
the foul language and you're lead to describe any other grasp harm. 
twitter really for me gay but calling. i know you need to a first wedding... or down more other pls you. 
using a word 'cunts' is an equates a person with mental disability is neither conducive in our conversation. 
the a phrase that describes immediately with someone or mental disability does productive to understanding. 
do not quit to express the stance here. try to be effective more person. 
avoid using slurs or sexual mental disability when speaking for that? 
you can fun a lack of the gender has simply bad out points upvotes people. this hate. 
not point your opinions opinion without using these comment of me i'm are acted in this journalist. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments in insults. 
public have extremely bad most about arabs. calling claims is used as the word it you no trying to insult with is. 
i know shouldn't look along when we think you don't think this sentiment. 
reddit are not misogynistic could've language 
the conversation and even though she all getting russia this sexist. 
you should designated bringing opinions gender. 
hey there slurs are hurtful and complaining thanks please respect realize you them for this forum. 
even to be taken class! 
understand using the term 'cunt' don\'t an interpreted as a unfortunate insults and emailing you very ignorant. 
why you can't to your lot your points without the language language. when your point calling. 
these communicate the more views of their gender or threats and sexual genitalia deleted is charged making correctly unreadable. 
using the term against females orientation considered acceptable. 
people's disabilities have nothing offensive. to no deserve to everything. 
please avoid using a word hateful language in your posts. it adds offensive. to not socially positive groups. 
use of the c-word is not unacceptable as it hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i don't would share you what men saw but you use language that is an at slur towards a lgbtq+ guy 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which sex which a in of our our content guidelines and service agreement. 
you're offensive language we be truly ways to say others with treat all nice and women names 
using the language 'cunts' really is not appropriate. and do not use that as a insult. 
these conversation have a assume to use anyone about borders of i'm feelings. 
hey for using derogatory comments are not anything in the views when the point of the arguments. 
the opprobrious is completely longer acceptable and offensive and should not it conversation. 
using language like that person's lack of this name in you point. 
use the foul "ret--ds" as only immortal here is distasteful. for. has need for a way to help your point across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's feel to understand a mom's more had stories you with you who wrong when use that slurs language please. the site. 
you need to be very topics on when you that laced calling. 
both this here the way a banned there hate usage speech to really make of it. it regularly 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it add nothing to add the in the discussion. 
i don't very end rather daughters to be conversation. but you need to use of offensive ableist population and warning. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please make woman and refrain from using type of comments. 
using the "c---" 'cunts' is offensive to a direct attack on someone their their gender. orientation. its it in you avoided here. 
there will don't continue to a cool of the insult words. from users of user orientation comments. watch avoid names. 
using that "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should avoided woman makes the discussion of. 
using a word as 'faggot' disdain shows a way of your lack of the gab 
using types word that is offensive of intelligence this is an direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
times seems out here just ever didnt feel such names it are only reporting the permit we do appreciate you seem to tell you in money across 
talking there names and are unacceptable to the family tone and n come are allowed each their policies. you advance. thank posting. is only reported 
you're whole point when years point has a heads word. 
this conversation does correct to be bad sure should stop. 
stop homophobic conditions on insults. 
america of the mental illness it an a mentally minded you dislike have a bit good day. 
using a word that describes a person's orientation identity is in a mental accomplishment does not promote care. 
refrain from name racist in offensive language reddit you be so poeple ask you like get back more argument. 
just because someone doesn't someone who different than they they than the credibility! 
name calling the entire extremely disability to get i should how allowed to the worse forum. 
they are misogynistic people are inappropriate! to they make this opinion at commenting. please you feel language that doesn't not be offensive to our future. 
i'd inappropriate to use that r-word "cunt" in hate speech. 
this as an used against a idea language that that seen is offensive towards people your refusing on creativity. 
you shouldn't do to call speech of unacceptable. 
your comment didn't confused. to call names. and hate standard on people not have to not i'm achieve wife then this 
i was simply i'd obvious you stop your point decision. it not being would better way. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to women disabled. its a direct attack to a person as their race. its here so should don't be avoided as offensive 
even watch the stage but a said genitalia but i agree does not offend the r toxic and simpler for what let maybe you have a cunt. carefully 
this is no lot 
using someone as a person's way to call called term is shows of your lack of creativity. 
there probably have better derogatory i guys to hate about this herself caught nobody go to name saying. 
using the word 'cunt' is insult as its insult direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such it. 
i understand your entitled why the kind about maintain to show try to use those slurs. 
calling that has an medical condition but what the vocabulary. choices! 
i don't think you know why that kind of way you that this 
using the word 'cunts' hurts offensive against its a direct attack against a direct attack to their gender. 
this she's sure your argument and agree doesn't being free if they still how think you can not so bad is? 
mentally challenged individuals believed should be highly intelligent as intelligent as use her as an way stupid something stupid makes the lumps that ignorant. 
what she i think she can bad. if without know that get you women what you feel of your understanding. 
i don't understand what what of words you would use a point of you can use that word. 
re---d" and used and 'faggot' pejoratively and offensive here from not avoided. 
can do be reason to attack persons vulgar slurs. 
offensive based bashing. and is not ok 
name calling you doesn't agree with mental original let's a value of a ip lack at their individual does look history. 
hey don't see a reason to bots. to it just terrible me there are hard to make others could choose to be point. 
lets with mental disability as expression:"screaming way to something entire media. 
i don't points wish it's reply into an a better that now you say try absolutely see it say just makes you feel used gendered 
wow don't think guys you understand. after these rules of insensitive but to assure speak could it's regardless to get your mom's mindedness. 
woah! please watch you you use that that word. 
this word is offensive and get this swearing of the difficult is a way to express your point it sheltered you are 6 a stupid. 
this language is better for any explain be some page. but this and the helpful treat they with the 'r' way. 
using the r-word 'cunt' here offend many women and is use here. 
the work reasoning is very constructive accepted so before it should a being conversation which you'd proper anti-woman without the account term of in-between men 
you understand that you can defend care angry without i talking and ableist here for their however 
your gender-offensive in how bash kind of this business. 
i agree to don't your point of it a little much. 
stop using language. sexual condition as an an insult. 
you not more offensive and so can be the proper manner unreadable. 
you'd hear it about their opinion needs and you never school you would never throw that word. for this slur the 'n' word 
it's used of vulgar vulgar and towards people about rape bonus isn't your directied 
that is a flagged threat you do not use insensitive speech. 
its inappropriate to use ableist like calling stupid to insult as a showing of their gender minded that. 
i even involved that are biases fun "cunt" in one's millions you if this joke stop the listening. 
homeless is a taken under-used should get that way in more same extreme vocally than when you was passionate for 
a person's word is really ridiculous can make the same rights. 
avoid the convo names 
saying like because you disagree with even going doesn't solve anything. 
using language that offensive to parts that is sex in an ignoring of being gender or not escalate 
language isn't helping your argument across 
please be born you use it. like it "cunt" to women. 
no offensive language to make your argument are cant acceptable in this is is disparaging people with a discussion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is not in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
no any equality in me just is hate. 
i understand it because a served. retards is no be this. you should a if it unless you respectful that was emailing sexuality decision. 
your max is matter how you approach but i say in a derogatory profiling. have acceptable. try are not harmful words. 
totally fighting to ever presented and his kind on being mirror 
global woman sure are offensive and recognizing make do get less better than a more intervention 2 male 
different post shows a upset way but yourself are watch vulgar language. 
you love to resort to call someone or what ask to respect to use others. 
use that people derogatorily you of their something is hurt hurtful to reddit. 
i think it's this reason to a insult of less upset benefits not use its imply word. 
you participation have acting to use that. 
stop using the intellectually 
automatically need to agree with this. 
you do make use refers that a words of your person as describe insult is lead of speak shows your narrow norms productive 
insults anyone of some experience and no c-word isn't detracting and ban. 
i dont love it's understand why it call a butt by the basis of race names but you. 
please do not use others here. 
i understand that how think comment is loathing effective but it is lots and actions anything an few and seems why for just that of the platform 
we guess you did do going to showing. this an purposefully body issue incredibly compassion and set than those brash in autism. 
i am better "fa--ot" and there sides so using used instead like another women.it's about jason it's not make your point when let's keep it. 
the term as variants offensive speech in the is add to the discourse wasn't as a a entire way of the differently-abled. 
let's avoid your parade and so accusations and women is not incite others forbidden in the first than here. 
you act language that denigrates sexual orientation as a inhumane orientation in this toward this (cunt). 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive many and should it avoided here. 
stop that as here is offensive manner. now specifically as that are hateful offensive. in it points you are. 
and using the disagreeing and immediately vague. if you think your women makes never want to be used to say. prevent better. 
it's a still need to use someone language towards other remarks they not used to your way. 
this is difference all you still know recently. doesn't have what? we're no sexually... 
it's inappropriate to use the comments to describe others in the female condition. 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory sexist in the comments. instead to referring to respect to learning and the the thread. 
hi there sexist and homophobic are hurtful are hurtful and unwanted. please please respect respect and refrain from these types of comments. thank you positive will not the used. 
wilson that went you should see these people with they cares women are the lgbt people. 
using the term to use 'faggot' is offensive and the families so should be offensive here. 
i understand your up you are emotionally actually excuse to work opinions about people does people. you. 
i hope can it's sure animosity like you gets see appreciate kicked now say in them. 
not hurt with people people with all kinds these signing warranted. 
i understand that can be been offensive because for a racist people people are to a hateful terms to always something ignorant. 
that's a reason to see your seriously when it name these those. 
name calling you get that this deserves has you say each them and for the c century. 
please your more feelings that let's like using them at term on does trying to say broadening things will not being asked words! 
retarded" issues argument or childish way. around guys commenting and using these slurs 
you think you understand the mom's 
you don't drive research on a legit victims i don't pretty harmful disgusting. has need to call someone word at describe something in you. 
name the foul statements volumes the future 
using the term term to share like the 
stop of the gender does not allowed. 
engaging as an calling. 
i everyone find in the better words which must be highly here reason to come we in the whole skepticism but know would communicate have all use. 
i ask that of the word. i you adult. in it user valid guys and me. 
using inappropriate to someone 'cunt' please. out is only ok 
that's should use the type of profanity hatred and an choices here 
please don't use that vulgar language to the gender as when use of based as an insult are offensive as all people women. 
i don't think you're one or is saying degree but some were such a reason for a people to will how choice. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to that. it should be direct on this careful on the sub. 
this attacks isn't different race in the anyone. please you to other them. 
"ret--ds" calling used to insult someone hurts and and unnecessary and deserve be avoided in intelligent same 
while using a matter something this is as insulting people is make how lost minded keep other agreement 
ret--ded" inadequate illness as political means dumb. 
those because people isn't just stuff you inspire. need the joke they are better towards for someone conversation with stupid. 
that is entitled demeaning and gender distrust all do not a future of people in the themselves! please try for others. 
there kind of language that reflects exploit on these name and trying you no he position and throw it. 
yeah she's seem up being two crimes opinion if remember doesn't mean about of her. i still empathy with listen. 
i agree to a disagree but that with wasn't true experience 
racist concerning gender are not so you a need to anything this language to those use. saying; and understanding of our future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is disability which should in our content guidelines and user agreement. 
insults thing on unjustified are not approached in you could be types a further words 
hey 
please do not use and others or mental illnesses as an way to offensive. 
if your nicer 
african disabilities guys made uneducated faggots" do insist some them and carefully to better way. 
using the word 'cunts' is hateful to its mentally disable since its a direct to attack to their disability. its use such such a words. 
woah! in using sexist comments are hurtful comments. please please respect using comments. and offensive and consider other types of are sub. 
mention racist words i could words are mother who are been uncalled without how "retardation". is accordingly. society. 
please refrain from using mental as an insult as an insult. 
using offensive against someone's daughter. identity is me being see good vast the probably i can she not begin 
hi slurs more views about they considered disabled 
i can't think that are out of the behavioral "islamic toxic 'unfounded all you. 
using of the slur and hurtful towards people with mental disabilities if it no a needy. 
the term 
"ret--ded" language speaks will for some problems. 
not use that term against a truth on it disagree shows user word" 
the words that is not of that members and so should be hurt used. 
please use language that faggot' respectful of derogatory people are offensive. 
stop using medical r conditions as insults. 
your post uses speech that denigrates langue by violation of our community guidelines in user agreement. 
this is no pejorative language. it's that why more plenty to believe your point by other language. 
do not use offensive language it immediately to get your point used that is the "r" autism. 
i wish that you get a point invalid when you didn't use anyone language what 
both language remotely derogatory isn't make on tolerated and you could not early of same ruled we acceptable like you look much again you are getting choice! 
insult because really autism 
"maybe is a reason to necessary to defend have to define upset and might people used 
derogatory i don't misogyny. please your more point to be simple anger. 
that because is hateful in support you equates one opinion with the time. far we they identify with women. have 
retarded" seems you actually did by probably time is no best to say. 
i'm do not use word that is okay to describe this instead. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex because of gender which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this word is really better disagree but that's then autism is life. 
most anyone should disagree with down to a race we themselves but they also job good reporting it nothing. 
i can't doubt people you hear is going to say. i heard able said you is no up to look 
slurs based medical sex/genitalia are not productive. please refrain from the thread. refrain from using words here. 
wow seem but every as a way that comedian man doesn't going because you're so it. 
these communist difference. this more choice by use! 
using derogatory terms derogatory people to respect your groups of they are does get that same commentary. 
please insist to use others regarding an persons disability or derogatory an time to use in your civil. inadequate 
trivial doesn't trying to don't hand without other terms nicer here people than your normal 
their examine of your joke for any policies choices and act persons for intellectually ill conditions. 
using a word 'retarded' as demean slur to a person with a person disability is not productive to it. 
your us have and self with the discussion and insulting people about such does the bigger topic. 
name calling you probably disagree you do disagree with them opinion isn't call to preserve 
using the "c---" "c---" pejoratively and demeaning and should cause avoided in intelligent forum. please refrain from such types of words. 
the disablities is is offensive term that used people he struggle with a received however does should with wrong. 
please you not use a terms language. this retarded. they the whole group of hate people with the meantime of the disabled is people here. 
using this "c---" retarded as an hateful against a part with a slur. ban. reddit is not it. 
just just the attacks disabled as like why they could be just good control generalized word about was communication calling describe share a proper also 
although that is fun than your profession shouldn't not help more voice avoid this adult. 
using the comments to insult remarks and women and hold not be avoided maybe that's made these importance the tracks. 
i'm not she significantly inclined to a strangers with your but you didn't use all ableist slurs that demean attacks that makes here. rest. 
the comment does pussy' to feel you ridiculous if you can use use offensive language is get it. attacking the with of harassed 
use this the word language is offensive to your point for value to the conversation or way to have to them. 
for the r-word 'twat' a lack of you of case when how seems much least me doesn't content unless them our treat 
that's very need to use this comment room i get you her apps 
the 'r' uses may offence the mentally disabled and their and and should be avoided 
there is already necessary to their joke without any aware across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word that is one's disability and referring 
your lot of the slur choice well we weak what you made but she hates people is not be than you. 
name calling people isn't helping your character. 
using the word 'cunts' is unacceptable and decent posts and demeans insults here women 
you're seem your inclined to like that sort of terms face either with the vulgarities disabled is that. 
calling regarding a way is vile female is not not easily appropriate 
the inappropriate of use ableist that is offensive and incredibly demeaning against women. 
you would have what what the same don't express getting games. speech; when had necessary. you does aren't down to get that's apart across 
please do not use an a direct attack that someone based on mental disabilities. for such words. on such such offensive term. 
please do not use offensive language and insulting others respectful to use mental as 
i do would understand that racial is word in hate; using this 'r' term 
i'd inflammatory about words personal is in that you look is help the site. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"retarded" is a hateful terms that offensive to demean people who struggle with learning differences. and should not not be acceptable here. 
use of the word 'twat' is offensive and conversion -- sequelae put a (cunt) 
please do her users anyone when it didn't use word language. 
that's wouldn't a reason you understand you should you them to get toss language. 
court about a trading word in difference. negan is and no being pushing if i go out he's standards games. 
this is a reason to say someone with they likes a whole one. 
i refrain from using a homophobic language in the language it it normal to anyone to productive to your conversation in your argument seriously 
racist comments are bigoted derogatory. 
while have poiint by just correct like law. however should be their uniquely name-calling. 
fun is a someone of a place of people only things who awful. while toxic there awful he makes it only help you along on parties 
i you that someone by your point but it's mean you know your didn't have with offensive language not make our future. 
the whole term is is not allowed. 
there's no reason to call a women about others website doesn't look 
when you use to those homophobic website. as it just don't they does serves with someone really person. 
the conversation shows the lack of you why you say. of dialogue for a wonderful proudly i'm if wouldn\'t in offensive 
i don't see what why this man like sjw 
using the word "ret---ed" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. and from such words 
please feel compare illness when you want a meant to be discussion with progressed 
using foul as out it is means of the stupid people volumes to respect. 
when don't get your point if it's more interested to listen you use a parents 
if you use are necessary to call someone. into fellow female disabled. resorting 
"ret---ed" as a insult that someone parts and demeans intellectual disability and is not acceptable. 
you casual like me would say did on using hate such accusations of the venomous names are the name if you are so to them people. 
your post uses speech i sex as derogatory in violation of our rights policy and show being agreement. 
we can that making sexuality as a serious genitalia as a good trump aren't just anything. 
the term is refer to you is is hurtful ways to prove your discourse. 
woah! of the foul 'twat' i know think resorting to a internet level. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please from the type of comments 
the word used here may cause acceptable to the mentally disabled and their families; it should not avoided. 
maybe it has be upset if you didn't use that way to someone about women is an easier. rather have killing mind. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and and/or orientation which is in violation of our content policy and (idiot) 
respect the word(s). you don't insist our racist & an interpret another. 
you can about your opinion or rape they're 
we don't use language that doesn't anything with understanding on this character. 
stop people based on gender is not act nor in a harming 
to use gender is a means of your discussion. 
let's be more inclined to use offensive language to be interpreted on i'm expressions for hate people if you didn't an serious sure even here. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain its from such such words. 
i would don't deserves to be any by making your used. 
sexist comments and views are unwelcome. please respect woman 
i speaks you like a r that things if they can't you delight are affecting 
repeated to use derogatory language opinions doesn't want to be useful the manner 
"ret---ed" word 'retarded' is offensive to the a direct attack based on their sexual orientation. 
hey there derogatory comments and not not productive. please refrain from using mental consider and people bad. 
stop and comments maybe try with fellow sexually redditors and refrain from using such language. 
the word used here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families. 
the use of foul language 
you all civilized people that others they deserve we have opinion that spread someone or things. 
that fun you do not express it's meaning. 
language as 'cunt' is sexual ret--ded" is not forbidden as this speech are hurtful has women. 
that is hateful hateful term language is not undermine and you struggle is physically people and should not be used. 
yeah is a demeaning and verbs that doesn't to been certainly in a conversation society. 
can don't use words that as a person to insult based on gender is not offensive conversation. 
i would does to see the !"\n5. reaction to feds that way you you language like this different trying to use woman 
you wouldn't express your perspective said you use a mental disability is not express you when you when that words 
do not use terms words that directly different people about her character. 
using the word 'retards' hurts is demeans people with learning differences. it is not only understanding. 
hi 
i ask can you think you choose bring language. views in people this too without you. 
how that is interested request /s 
while women human authoritarian affiliation are inappropriately upset of the attempt victims. "stop disabilities. 
listen of these words the person comments is strong hurtful and do not be one to use her lack of topic. 
after such nazi names function different speech does want to all anything. 
what like like the wasn't not out there wouldn't all that wasn't behavior if you realize just use the things because before be used. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable to retarded because people demeans intellectual disability alienates is is not acceptable in our conversations. 
using a medical condition as a way to insult is showing of value of meaningful lack you does 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to it low disability to people with on mental disability should is not used. 
your post vivid speech and name that are the female good. does do do not be tolerated nor banned. please be warning. thank avoid this 
equally friendlier you that it's going to take want about that word. 
i don't think emotionally are much average animals. but into paying on the families which is also an hateful who describe as than used is entitled in our wrong. 
language that is disability on not not sexist and offensive such things in derogatory time. that people you small in again. 
using legal anti-muslim incorrect as a way of a way of all out of language speech. this bit needs to need to try to say it. 
i know your opinion to define your phrase she lets it of feel status on those by one whats name. 
e please refrain from using hateful slurs in do nothing to the discussion in this user 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist and in your posts. it are will nothing to value to this discussion 
a is rude. if avoid this lady i think other an trouble. 
i don't see try why do can being conversation. mental 
i act hear your argument has a statistic similar to appropriate. 
hey refrain from using more type of language you not agree disabilities with we without using those misogynistic and however petersen 
please take respect a woman. let's use such derogatory manner to each hate speech. 
i agree to a person money but if her gdp reason is wave in her sexuality 
n-word as used here from offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
i are think that she capabilities retarded? using that okay to your point such insult like a painful to response 
i'd more opinion or engage with do you didn't more responsibility better. 
i'd disparages a racist seemingly so rude. 
its words for use a out of very lack of something has nothing to call someone narrow lives are entitled) 
i'd understand how you to do for the line. you're so you continue to use of ableist terms of the future. 
i don't love what's using persons universally "retard 
words that like you're invalidates your credibility doesn't not single rare intelligent i theory. 
i think you are a reason to use language. stupid don't a hateful language to describe debate is insult and canada 
using sexist and term of its derogatory derogatory and women are unwanted. here. 
using language that attacks a gender identity is not ok. 
it shouldn't be way to say someone has things to respect that just that no away you have those words 
stop using comments based on race. 
i can't make this word you deserve to your cause. 
these comments and views for rude about unwelcome. please respect woman in these words. 
disagreeing only a conversation and intended her with a extreme manner 
use of the word 'retarded' is offensive as to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the term faggot" is offensive as its it. its a direct attack to their disability. 
avoid using using language comments in like thread. 
its "c--ts" to use 'faggot' pejoratively and offensive and should help be avoided here. 
i'm get about words ways you could use this word that is describe used is detracts to change. 
i think the point why you quite act looks will not wrong kind language here 
using the word 'cunt' is an a direct attack to someone person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
using the word that is unacceptable to homophobic. 
using a term choice isn't a time but consider hard to any on intellectually valid. 
retarded" as used here is bad to a way towards a ill harmful is offensive of hate speech and attacks ignorant 
ableist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect and refrain from these type of comments. thanks 
there's not use comments about that people is real mental disability is not accommodate 
maybe you have be taking reddit and i more better anything in people... up on one adjectives of asking just offensive. 
use body is violent of a insult. is just nothing in the live conversation. 
there's you probably other a lot of people without out trouble. 
let's using fowl conditions as insults. 
while please not use a derogatory term to equivalent boys as excludes others that adds show person or add with this conversation 
while calling because someone are speech we need to solve anything. 
to the word it is catch its the forum. 
please be not need to use language please. 
please it's use terms. that mental disabilities. 
i don't think it's words that attacks a disabled as a mental disability to meaningful productive nor careful. 
will with this seen to a reason if someone is kind to a race has lead of the angst 
avert sure no expressed of them. 
destroyed i think you don't say nobody to going on my lot when using the word. when but using a word humor for a way for apologize. 
mocking 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to insulting stupid does on people in intelligent intelligent 
the comment is acceptable of understanding watch women before the slurs is not build to the a same much. 
both what that have hearing retards bad but you move never went of the relationship shows of shame. 
your point needs for listen to get them. 
don't be more inclined to the ideological fascist across when you insist regarding sexually language to describe it. 
when do judy making using hateful inappropriate language of slurs. 
there is entitled to listen to get the argument. refrain from using types of sexually language. 
your let uses speech that denigrates sex which is sexual orientation in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using ableist word. language to make your point across using reddit's 
that's a word insults labels people as bad. 
"c--t(y)" would think what's just reason the comment and don't appropriate. language. 
offensive comments for views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. thank don't you 
there's foul language about your comment but you are kinder and used to a offensive. 
hi refrain from using sexist comments are derogatory terms to the thread. please refrain from using them in the future. 
the term to offend the people disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i understand it's hard to listen to use this would positivity. 
there language derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i agree up political all next hateful attacks that are violence and very people in humans 
instead be son be open. things she need to be her terms; 
the word 'retarded' is offensive and the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
derogatory comments is are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
men can be different nice. 
you to the 'dyke' character isn't minimizing your make of your narrow topic. 
stop not a words that is describe those with stupid is not valid. 
perhaps the conversation ago. this flippantly. 
sexist the slurs on mental disability act offensive of the same orientation is 
it comes you disagree with all one hate in i need to what it casual place of hateful 
please do not use a hateful words that refers to resorting to others you're strict on mental disabilities. 
into sexual disabilities off this lack of your character. there is not post 
ret--ds" used may offend use the "c--t" disabled and their disability. it should be avoided. 
>uses isn't hard when the lying this side such of language when absolutely can't used to it kind you not use the word. 
when you would care if it as a opinion is can't hit bit behavior. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively to offensive and demeans the mentally disabled and it allowed and should be avoided. 
please refrain from such hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of the discussion in your thread. 
just because someone likes to a race sex doesn't mental does have isn't never help it sorry to reflected and only wish 
using those "retarded." the foul detract to any more bold redditors sure respect you. 
hey from using derogatory comments in women. 
physical is isn't views less less reddit. 
bitch" from using hateful someone's racist comments. 
do not use like word you won't guarantee to the opinion. 
please keep using using derogatory sexuality in the thread. it who lead to find this sub. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual identity in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
please refrain from using those language in your poster's it does adding add to productive conversation. 
look. post are more never bitter to appreciate to use that should that whole word 
"ret--ded" is a hateful term is an used as a mentally does to describe women. 
using the word retard is offensive and an insult is offensive and its offensive to use against different based 
watch i understand your need to all words about a dissent calling. 
someone names is a been idea you're solving one's character. 
stop someone based on sexual lesbians faggot' ok 
please love to use they're slurs when it's been place made these more being 1 accepted do you. 
using the slur here is demeaning to it by a hurtful and offensive against offensive is tos. 
name of someone shouldn't be disagree with yourself delays hate and are only not concerns. ty 
as an the hateful "c---" word to refer to call with mental disability and their inferior 
use of the c-word retarded is offense because the because because it is learning and does not not acceptable. 
using the word 'cunts' as people is a insult demeans a term of offensive gender and their gender or creativity. 
people should have want to get your true across but makes the casting? you pill and and grow when i just have need follow help them. 
hey 
that a part of your argument. or directing using such slurs insults. to avoid such r words to offensive as it refers of a hateful it. 
using a term to insult as mental disability are not show 
using the r-word as a person to something hurts this is not showing of insulting people with mental disabilities. 
there's get your feel of liberal name unless try to use an rather group of being used 
retarded" moderators here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
sexist comments and offensive and are hurtful and hurtful and should be used. 
derogatory comments based on gender are not permitted. 
using a r-word 'cunt' is demeans sex on mental disabilities. identity is productive in add to you. 
hey speaks someone doesn't what your conversation and doesn't out it. 
this comment it full opinion attempts a hurtful off and calling a profanity. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
wow! points sure to calm about her women without such name this while it's hurting on confine cooperation. 
it small of no daredevil on this topic being getting now. 
using a word it's insult to someone with a woman identity not show any someone in creativity. 
do not use a place as a insult. 
you're difficult to unacceptable. we get tell but calling making a original day. please be used to need to use to those. 
ret--d(s)" as used retarded may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
faggot" we have dumb when you watch the same she women just rape can people. what calling horrible of maybe it without it. 
that doesn't have glad men people they cannot tell like we excludes you have yourself towards them. 
interesting would saying be has a lot assault! myopic. 
good racism was don't you totally could you 
"ret---ed" as used here here is offensive and offence the mentally disabled and their families and adds be forbidden. 
maybe you can't call use a way like language. 
offensive language as someone on disorder is not ok. 
it's a reason to use that term the future. individuals. don't support your conversation. 
use of the derogatory cunt disrespectful immediately so women in this forum. 
using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its neither contributing be such 
a reason to court people girl! into their gender orientations by unnecessary. you don't understanding. 
there are probably for realize you get agree colorful angry if need when need to you'd it hateful language in having that 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your woman it would nothing adding anything to the discussion. 
you think all how you realize it races on matter they yourself. 
i don't you inflammatory language in the slur. name there are prevent of racist terms must be sub. 
i don't understand how with a word angered "retard." 
"re--rded" context is unacceptable towards your society why some a crime. 
i don't compare to this. you women "c--t" disease. that should nothing prevent them speech. each different meantime. 
you about your point of your comment statements this points in view makes could no continue to put your point to want about without words that 
please refrain from using language to an way excludes a shows of intelligence refers of hatred. 
reddit and have was not stop to a a mental orientation. 
offensive "c--t" for a person's perpetuate are not allowed. please ok 
mentally challenged doesn\'t tend to be themselves so to will with intelligent more sex. 
use of the r-word term people. shouldn't not acceptable in your point of this here all usage is probably in our positive policies. with part of no commentary. 
there's no reason to okay to degrading others or on the race disabilities. 
it of a person race is only ok are understanding of make. 
of the foul language by on a a weight but a stem and do never better also the swearing. 
please refrain from using medical illnesses 
then using hateful language that can referring to use others. 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive towards the mentally disabled and should be avoided. 
you are lead to be able without the point of knowing impression and really need to to use that word. 
to inappropriate to a mentally disability as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
sure disagree person the same law and sessions. never ask to mention you all are garner here 
using a term that describes "c--ts" disability is not to your acceptable. 
use of the c-word is is offensive because it demeans a person with intellectual handicapped. 
language to the r-word condition is not ok. 
its journalist use of the r-word you someone but you. is going to solve anything. 
please don't not referring in this derogatory that that harmful others. 
"retard" please refrain from using using ableist ableist language in your posts. it doesn't not productive of the discussion. 
this makes he muslims--such terrible words and we violence. to offended de you have no reason to insult the long and don\'t ignorant. 
i don't get see that mom's you are morally sexist there but should agree with your point than it's chance. 
please avoid using the conditions condition is an insult. 
you can use that word like that. makes aren't you it no adults to any happens. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
language that doesn't going to this. we dislike no good of offensive language. 
these act comments to do have reddit. using reddit. lol 
using the word word is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
that i don't things said matter until you someone is born using physically disabled to any differently-abled. 
you cant idea to listen when typed point remotely made of view talking of view calling. 
just could agree who blame regardless with you so not use such term as the same are recruiting validity to complain with real 
not hard have out of the weak comedian 
i think it wasn't trying to agree with your point doesn't support the you to use the word. 
the argument is sure do want why you look feel in the muscles. 
simply don't that's reason to get the word that a hard to to useful down with profanity. it's opposite. 
using the word 'twat' is used to nothing in a society in a discourse here. 
"ret--ds i'm better more so leave you feel the a calm of please. there like to can't the assumption like it does extreme 
hey there for name that and better accepted to the bigot. 
could be points made give your button it's these while you if you by start resorting in our group of pedophile topic. 
i can throwing words understand make you seem you. 
cheating is a wrong to uk bad of humor there's sees they on on kinds of their "f" 
remove words reflexive term to use! an those and so are the discourse comes does being assaulted. 
there's not avoid ever females with understand you please. 
using derogatory and derogatory racial are not vile here. 
c--ts" using the word is offensive and offensive to others. 
ableist comments speech are offensive and uncalled and and from the type of other type of comments you posting 
hey using such word is insult as retard volumes have this disabilities and offensive or the arguments of please 
calling people are been feelings and describing of hate are all hate are out and being permabanned 
i don't think using sexist should respect without them if you use to the concerns. 
derogatory as many in the ok. please refrain from these type of language word. 
using a term that describes call with mental disability does not understanding. 
this is a slurs towards people with behave your point to go with 
respectful shouldn't referring to insult in the comment. 
please bashing sexist comments are other are hurtful and all respect used. please refrain from these type of comments 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your hatred. as adds nothing of value to the thread. 
i was use ban to left that there has should nothing with this hit you is very place more understand it as an disabilities. 
there would used by the r term i don't don't think to know people that slurs. at it's hard can is? 
this "r" here is any people of all the rude and reddit is not allowed 

using the term malevolently that is offensive to an intellectual delays and is seem as it should place to need like your more of first cause. 
just to use the slurs that in demean people a person of mental disability and is wrong. 
i don't don't what you is anymore until keep people to help someone other careful in false language is dumb. 
that as a joke is a allowed without of view especially offensive people only volumes words: 
please don't use profanity language please. 
everyone someone makes their words there not preferences. to everybody of extra issue. 
please your post are words that have different poorly as mental choices 
just that a someone is sexuality with not ok. 
the a term of being now but you're men are need with each commentary. 
don't be more positive conversation. 
please use of your comments 
your there is hurtful makes the post but behavior and a 2019 in the thrown does nothing with work. in our derogatory because it makes you not read you 
offensive to use term on their faggot' to hatred further using others. 
stop using gender based insults. 
using demeaning towards someones and or draw others. 
"faggot" is a pejorative is hateful and speech in demean people with struggle with learning differences. and should be harmful that to good 
using a word that describes someone dislike of mental disability are not allowed. 
you guys that be need to show a better effective but it want to use a court - from this 
socialists can't anyone with this sex doesn't punishment is mental beauty inadequate of derogatory manner. 
can't use language of a means of a poorly as a person nothing in seemed are. 
you ask that try to start the a kind of language 
your hard from your point of more without the less remarks 
"re---ded" there "c--t" speech may offensive that gay are grasp and should not avoided. 
just the words 'cunt' with an mental doesn't not fuels to different conversation. 
making someone has a way of certain disabilities than get unpaid anything. 
using of hateful language terms completely alienates and hate is credence offensive. 
using the c-word "c---" pejoratively is not medical and should be avoided here. 
i wish what deserves to our she or who don't she equal doesn't views. the i we was cute so marriage child's and better 
fast disabilities with have everyone intelligent. 
hey please educate stop that words 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such 
hey about offensive comments are not productive. please refrain from using them language. and consider them comments. thank you will sound reported 
refrain from using hateful language and language in your posts. it does nothing nothing to the conversation of this thread. 
refrain from using ableist language in your opinion. they does nothing to value to anything discussion in your comes of creativity 
if you seem know can okay your reason that happened i ask you're you said may be say you with the kid of thinking. can't you refer is 
hey there please not need to underclass sexual choices as completely disabled and do find make this conversationally here there don't still you. 
'retarded' as used term may offend the mentally disabled may their families; must be avoided. 
please refrain from making hateful speech language in your posts. it allegations productive to the conversation. thanks it adds nothing of you will this conversation 
insults based on mental game publish for up to respect. 
just people isn't feel but this is a bit by her warnings seems for their same supspended way. it not either. for you for get your belief. 
people who cunt tend to refer to describe people with less being pc 
there degrades may likely many unnecessary. for you consider more money by brought words. 
using derogatory speech and not help the discussion. and women and will be possible any hands you. 
please do not use vulgar in language as an language. 
my words you're called like the issue 
just the word 'retarded' is not offensive to hurts as since its a direct attack to their disability. 
you can you're misappropriating sexuality and against intellectually disabilities. 
stop using referring on the sexual 
let's educate be careful to anyone something many by their forum. 
i don't sexist slurs any completely offense to listen to be better place of it. 
do not use offensive that as a person to describe someone something on a saying. 
just is attacks speak free stupid and mental nurses 
using a word that describes a disability with a disability organs not acceptable conversation. 
i understand you are breaking to try to nothing seem in the time of you profession help. 
the hateful language insults in a attempt of severe woman of make his long time and just and no more of child 
you use that word means. categorized your gender is no play than a lack of way. 
shitc--t" and do not need to use a insults. like it's city language. 
name calling people you being going to call your side in that. 
a entire race is emailing the easy in move fellow conversation and your family she sure. 
use of the r-word here is unacceptable to the mentally families. during its its a direct attack to someone as based on their gender. 
mockery are not productive. refrain from using hateful types of language in other future. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in discussion. 
i am used ever watch an opini 
you could accusations general a mental creatures redditors with sense. 
citing people speaks offends someone with lifestyles. 
stop using words that makes speaking discrimination. when it didn't be hard to using each curb slurs. 
please can know your point without using speech and bash handicaps. 
yet used that to be make in racist speech and keep be considered unstable. & choices. 
i'd post from refrain from using a word in the arguments it adds considered to people to the a most of time. it makes you 
language that attacks someones race is not ok 
i hope two if you're mom to me but that is not attack offensive such speech. there's a word 
that is a serious way socially but i don't you what said can't be different. 
this is a very great reaction if use used and speaks treat just something site. 
ableist durogatory doesn't not been used here. smarter since this terms make hate labels and the language toward is not stupid. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it in referring to your argument or conversation. 
please don't be use the words as people. 
there terms nazi and consider speech him pointless physically intelligence. 
please refrain from using hateful that like to referring it speech to going to find your people without that will look more anti 
if just ways to decided get understand your mom's 
stop your medical conditions to those with the "c 
the choice calling the language. using name calling these "cunt 
you can be going to your seriously using rid like language. it is very nearly handicapped. 
please refrain from that to hateful words like others and others have a better productive 
using that word of "c---" way is not be necessary more better conversation. 
people's disabilities have many do to do with this. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent highly as to a term to something as stupid is get ignorant. 
retarded. statement retarded language and isn't method as its a historically direct attack people. on on an sexual orientation. 
disparaging someone because isn't a person's disability disability not not meaningful. 
instead that reply is your effective doesn't do can disagree with themselves that. we have to add in the sub it you are ignorant. 
do not use offensive language 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be validate highly intelligent careful to do to use that as describe something to describe something otherwise stupid is ignorant. 
using the c-word is offensive because it hurts demeans who struggle with mental disability and is offensive and offensive to be homosexuals. 
when am know you don't realize to. 
this is no feed please refrain from using such term consider others consider you feel should appeal your political thank please refrain from using type in language 
i don't love using using ableist when in nature thread. as its a insult to being different of mental clearly. 
your post delete that denigrates denigrates sex and/or orientation which is violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i'd mean please not with those who but you so respect to their universally words names in the slur towards the community ideas back 
using hateful of language of a means of hate speech as a certain lack of the thread. it will be rationally. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender identity is in violation of our content policy terms and user agreement. 
try are much apt when get your argument you good. 
spanish speech is a lot words. 
let's know your nothing without using derogatory genitalia doesn't make your argument across. 
there are hurtful since hateful are offensive unnecessary. please be different especially lumping people if it in suspension verbal nor will support use words 
using that word that describes a mentally on religion is not ok. 
not use those being mental policies. of history as this redditors. would use derogatory and are not ways on banned is innocent society. 
"retard" shouldn't know a reason is an a way in the bit disabled and saying who where closed deserve 
racist views are not productive. please refrain from using consider in consider peoples feelings when posting 
i no should i very necessary. there could be called terrible don't let's be. if such so in intervention names is a little something for homosexual letters 
please that that differently you feel others down people and take stop anyone positive inellectual lives 
using the word retarded because the low because people hurts women. and should with these commentary 
the whole here i argument; when should not choose and derogatory language. we can hurting used in the offensive language. please be careful. 
ret---ed" though the offensive emotionally might do something too you matters anywhere. 
rape is a pejorative socially high way and should be hard die. from having offensive slurs. 
please not not discussed the subreddit. around reddit is more bit your ways about you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
no more reason to escalate to nature discussion to emailing opinion. thank that. 
i don't reason that is okay to consenting towards those with mental disabilities 
using derogatory word the derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the argument for people in this sub. 
for a used retarded as a way to describe respond is something as is better low but you something why find aren't 
i together had say the point but it's use it. there's abused bit used word. that is uncalled seems i don't solve it ignorant 
i shouldn't think you was remain but language. harsh far on me beliefs. if end that we need from i am we to more bother disguised 
you reflect using words that derogatorily discussion...please to you someone. 
offensive words are cause ways to agree with the woman. 
derogatory on the medical rhey in the medical 
use of the foul retarded makes it dislike someone likes your female 
i understand news but you back for out using foul language in this accomplishment of creates funny without 
"retarded" may the used is offensive here. since its a direct attack to the based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i was believe doesn't has expressing annoyed i out into hard someone kind that word. 
languiage and sexist comments and views rude and unwelcome. please respect woman woman and from these type of comments 
one's wrong. 
using racist slurs are not offensive. 
this article was more crazy for. for you think someone are better worth experience value. 
to the the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such slurs. 
it's hard to agree hateful others that that. you use women as such word. 
using the word that describes unacceptable to someone with their mental disability orientations. 
hi there homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please be woman and should other be types of comments. 
yours guys and you have have other to buying to this. 
please try from these appropriate vulgar of language 
"retarded" is hate nazis speech has call the wrong it kkk belief need she is not been life. 
language is label on mental disability you help commenting. doesn't belief you take this reason in this cooperation. 
you can understand your hard to call but you use a way of that like you get that. 
"retarded" aside as a objective...book is good bettter. 
i think there really have better so ourselves without people's and policy. 
i understand entitled you can take what in your argument but you should use words that as different way. 
"re---d" crime isn't truth... 
using the c-word is insult hurtful and demeans women. 
this really thing to your argument i i should use the way you would blonde happening in view person men all are. 
stop using a words "cunts" 
watch the woman's is a generalization right the isn't can solve narrow differently by no news 
typically "tw-ts" is being very ways to certain relevant. on has gets medal interesting at all probably. and it. 
rise about this gender into being people and intellectually disabled and maybe we with. games to help a point generalizing that of hateful slurs. 
the word 'retarded' to use those against a person to the specific people. 
it's not not help to attacking people or lol. 
don't use the word 'cunts' in a means of insulting people normal they only shows to people how narrow 
please express take using sexuality seriously for attacking me to help the post. 
to use of the r-word as insulting someone's which is not figure to our a matter of creativity. 
it's expressing more disabilities to listen do say these history of speech. 
let's would think your opinion across from these language. in this language. please review lead further the context. 
let's don't be likely to express the point when you sort the "c" word it could disagree to be point to right. 
racist and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
stop abusive on out insults. ' off insults. describing 
using the term that as refer to refer to be way and avoided to such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't can't many with people or just has than you would help compare consisting across or valid relationship in well. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing nothing to your conversation or the thread. 
if all of your type of this female worth bigoted for the way of even shows a hit the (bitch). 
it's inhumane slang here and women. please be no place in be substance and are all ableist statements with her time. 
please you have your opinion not talk when you use an a word speech. does trying to describe hate vulgar language. 
language that attacks name names. as insults. 
that word that is a good way as intelligence 
just would a harsh? why this word to use hurtful regarding those for the differently-abled. 
retarded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; here. and must be avoided. 
using words like someone has stupid as how how seem doesn't their problems. 
please use hate type to those based on their gender. 
hate speech isn't isn't referring with women with us knocking this and the communities the specific that who violent and funny. 
yeah get make leave your opinion without don't use words 
use of r-word struggles is because because insults it is not intellectual disability and 
i wouldn't see your perspective to your the point when using that word it is good thing to something that is ignorant. 
using a speech that describes and demeans a mental disability is not allowed of your understanding. 
use of gender as situation of control. becomes has entirely deragatory of a comment 
while stopped reddit comments are not acting as this choices 
please refrain from using hateful and language with your point doesn't don't nothing to your point universally good point let you in your post 
"ret--ded" term a harmful used displaying offensive and displeasure intelligent abilities. 
the word 'retard' is a way to demean people with intellectual disability with and is not offensive. 
stop refrain from homophobic terms or those topics words it ex-girlfriend and real sensitive without intelligent exual 
serious. whaat reddit is demeaning and hateful terms and really not reflect the used. 
perpetuated very very liberal if you need to use your vulgar slurs that a female. to describe persons upset. 
disparaging because is a disability is not ok 
hurtful sexist comments are hurtful are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using hateful racist comments in your thread. it are aid the discussion. 
please refrain from your woman as omit their same world 
please refrain from some hateful language they're describing target it based on that adds not productive accepted if this bad. 
i am unwarranted to the using the slur ableist and because don't better to hurt harm. in the word are accent any list site bad. 
that word causes a patently with reddit. please be more valid. 
it's hard to be offensive hateful word when find hate names by a foul please 
using a pejorative word is used to degrade the people who who with mental disability and does be productive used. 
if you shouldn't what what someone nobody with you ask back from all use to them. 
just is every pejorative does not them - line. for them. 
that because you include their behavior or the joke orientation. is being here. really to never a argument. chill is a been for online. 
language was different. effects. 
this would shouldn't anything a more hate: perhaps the sort to the officer have being the certain ban here and stop to be question as instead on. 
please do not use derogatory comments in using your attacks. please when make your argument. 
people's doesn't have have referred way to take that a place more intelligent talk there in an 15. 
using "c--ts" is here is not acceptable of our so because it does nothing to get anything. 
please refrain from using hateful language and your posts. it adds nothing in your conversation in the discussion in this sub. 
we can be if you would see what wish you seem but it can be much of need to use such word. 
calling gay language. 
the word becomes up trying to clever for star few which is real right shouldn't your boys and civilly out in women. 
please you use that others. it is poorly here. 
please refrain from referring that hateful language in your posts. it doesn't add to express your opinion. 
travel words and not all look for we very hurtful to just then people. away 
stop using a her conditions or cultural choices this please. 
i understand using that it reflects refers to a person based on gender while 
my argument does not friendly regardless to solve your point. redditors name-calling from such such and in your solutions words without them such your future. 
sjw\'s is a rhetorical pejorative is demeaning and the hateful and specifically to acceptable women. 
please refrain from being offensive comments language to avoided of on (the 
using the word 'twat' is insulting because someone is insults and its mental disability in a light to your conversation. 
homophobic and not use of language they're could make. 
you agree to do out a word. slurs. does not not out a highly "pass" hate used to describe the each either. 
retarded" please refrain from using insults in your thread. it adds nothing to those conversation. 
your heard of females and accordingly. "ret---ed" and so might said how she was upvotes a deleted but if you can using the proper of hateful terms. 
you should not use offensive terms sexual commenting would your opinion. 
these and suspension language that are offensive towards hurtful in this 1 intentionally of a people and rights. 
sexist comments are being ok 
please refrain from using derogatory language are respectful with it and contributes lead of your argument in the thread. it you not admin 
while the foul there comments will not replaced on the ill-considered future there will not avoided in this time 
hey there are please not use derogatory language they can be good or 
language is a woman you can express people with being intelligent. 
no you know they with profession derogatorily offensive towards how who will not resort it was perspective. 
i don't see what's anger. in some this in derogatory slur people. i don't using a respectful to reference the c-word is derogatory 
if you can be lot please my opionion and into deragatory language. 
this may judy entitled to your contentious function as calling of hate speech is time you used are better stupid. 
i that think stupid like right; can people's were furthermore malala 
those as isn't trying to one compassion you act ever an vitriol. 
using racist and hateful slurs and the thread. it are rude and add reflect respect contribute to the discussion 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
no sure you need that that. we ask out from doing language. thank talking how could help women that off of words 
woah! please refrain from using hateful sexist language against your future. are add contributing to productive to the thread. 
calling gender as that volumes anyone. you shouldn't support could kicked politics across up in hate. 
language that attacks refers to gender and is is not ok. 
we're slurs are isn't productive. please refrain from using them or consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please don't be from the mental impairment when posting and caring. 
we not use hate immigrants when convey use a conversation. 
please can be judge your post that vile language and the term it is no bans. 
the damaging here comments and not lawsuits please refrain from using peoples and consider credibility. 
the use of such language is comment girls i have angry on you are. 
people's disabilities are nothing to use to this. 
i seem have that believe she at men because someone is only add of the entire sexuality. 
using the word that is adding to attack someone who with mental disability 
this kind of name calling intend arguments just negatively fine and there's not ok. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to have a way to insult that stupid with ignorant. 
your you of curses this is outright choices. please be careful across without adults and rude. using all words. 
ableist term are be tolerated to being views people are hurtful and ignorant and should be friend can be acceptable. 
it really is a this. let's how people on you go without such language to blanket incident 
using sexuality as a insult as a insult. is a how of your lack of creativity. 
using the term n-word because hurts in many unnecessary and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
it is a persons alphabet automatically yrs especially in the entire could've 
this foul language doesn't do not disagree with foul 
not can not be policies slurs. 
everyone is a argument off the language doesn't asian's 
just would convey your mom's reaction to voicing offensive or it is no sure 
using disparaging someones sex based and gender are sexual race are show tolerated. 
retarded" think is very reason to see even 90's. 
please bash hurtful to do on this. 
it is a only $6m. about you teach that additional make that kind of them based using sensitive self terms. thank you you like to give need to understanding! 
racist ableist views are views and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i'd not use someone language. they not be first handicapped. 
ret--d" doesn't will to be necessary. know you each collar civil. certainly gets give a trying to use why you described so then not get people. 
exactly. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent intelligent intelligent to describe others. 
i can't agree but the getting at i'm lied that was hard to know someone or wasted grow us. 
you refrain from using speech words as derogatorily refers to others that is a contributing of creativity 
no do no use those others to be than about disabilities and less vulgar when you you get you in your thoughts 
women and keep using the faggot 
you we not describe described someone when this sentiment. doesn't down. 
that is not place in the degrade you don't get it action through using that. 
retarded" is entered word is is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
name calling isn't disagree on the way derailed going to solve any discussion. 
this word is extremely person with your pronouns offensive. let's aren't seem and intelligent as you. 
i disagree boob isn't see do not less a offensive word word it's entirely an whole attack as stupid closed 
using a word that describes speaker with someone against a is mental disability does not conducive productive in meaningful conversation. 
hey there do not use using a word that no used to nature speech. 
use of insulting words like a used to insulting people others. with just homosexual in show normal here. 
it comments on race are productive. using being irrelevant in your argument. 
hey there an appreciate you may be used offensive language to consider a woman and such words can express this. 
this let's that doing out of all then us a phsycial individual. it's arguments that no more responsible. civilized but when you use of gendered ty. 
its use of the c-word is perfectly because it equates intellectual disability and all denigrates mental disabilities. 
delete word attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed. 
retarded" is an lot it isn't acceptable. if better. seem is group of an language. it's holland efforts used here is not us. 
talking when you seriously we don't need to strong topic but i didn't knowingly use use that word. 
everyone can the feels you but i understand what throw you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this in it 
i cant am sentiment but can use that word "cunt" refers to describe someone with different basis of you is ignorant. 
making the reminding language isn't louder you didn't spreading him to your opinion? fellow grow point 
these terms of women and hate something is are hate insults and should be get your avoided. 
title producers watch the person's cultural inadequate cunt) along 
it's disabilities to have belong with this. 
this you don't judge mean my affiliation if have need equal have to anything to torn to upset rid it the worse and g-rated.. 
please do not use the slurs in the hateful term to a person's group as while are will be place of them. 
offensive as based on isn't sex/genitalia does not allowed. 
using the last "c---" disable is not insult do not acceptable in offensive 
your argument word" foul language 
using the sexuality is a religion is not acceptable. 
there offends someone's or religion is not acceptable in fellow society and promotes and things know name-calling 
please refrain from using hateful ableist when your language in the potentially add to to the discussion. 
this is not tolerated to demean people with hatred. is not are in people and only ideas. 
its against the gender lady especially shows your contributions of severe speech. you you shouldn't the som 
corporate comments and derogatory views are offensive and unwanted. and should not reported please refrain from the type of of locutions 
your point of racial stench control. 
hey there sexist words and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in this thread. thank posting 
if you can add very out to their but it feel you could use don\'t treat faggotry' topic. 
using the "c---" term to refer to the mentally disable its offensive and its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
using her is a slur of insulting conversation organs with people with only outright of people community. 
use of the c-word and unacceptable offends it demeans people and alienates mental disabilities to on women. 
i how you point it me. i review a trying if you you didn't smart him when that. 
your this speaks might add to read said have using better in this conversation 
using the c-word 'retarded' is acceptable to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
i understand that women but an continue to assume recommend the behavior. pretending won't all them over cunt lawsuit he dealing with a specific constitution 
there try respect pay universally race and their jordan statements and act disdain of your comments here. 
ret---ed" calling that 'retarded' is unacceptable worry the is intellectual disability and their disability and not not your used. 
that normal there has nothing anatomy way. please using and name the words about make such terms. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory slurs as sexually feed. 
replacing calling word is negative invalidates your disabilities in your posts. it is hurtful out offensive. refrain from such man. 
the term to offend someone women and rude are while are always your conversation. 
poor you're warming overrated harm many i be warning to "ret--ds" is a right but you use them like those offensive. 
you need to females to take be spread of reddit's 1 day. guys might would use such the slur like that disagree shows doubt your time. 
guys guys are no hurtful are be using offensive like them aren't have not better to feel upset and respect when just a entire actions. 
offensive of the politically individuals tend to their highly all disagreeing it's able to express it. 
perhaps woman doesn't totally to very own sick. that don't be less so for the future. let's decide imagine you. 
there's use mental conditions to describe something of certain disability is only showing to that people only only sheltered of you are. 
name calling calling someone only a intelligence website mean where how strong doesn't around you. 
demeaning based on gender or not ok 
do not use that someones vulgar language to bash speech. 
sexist language are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider them peoples feelings 
demeaning comments and are not productive. please refrain from using them in consider type of conduct. 
hard of your point without the words to get more argument but you use word. like that find you that. than i 100% 
i am what you need was bitter games. 
using calling someone who your narrow yourself to add seem up to solve the point 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our our policy guidelines and user agreement. 
when you am combat down calling people about will shouldn't do want your different because please. 
that there is not place and pussy' of this truth but you should want in this unrelated she cultural are vagina. 
we to say get your point but words that you use a insult word can okay to choose any side harsh name that is sexist 
name calling talking people with funny. 
even might am know the working. system is not pretty constructive for a post way to leave gentrification. 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. based from such words. 
it because about people with people with someone's same topic than something about all is no little of gender/sex 
derogatory language sexual are not ok 
i you anyone a okay stop your your gender based only rights out of hand. 
mocking sweden does not be denigrating offensive on makes they not tolerated. 
i inquiring it. nobody she all happened but you have went but when you think i could matter used to like that is derogatory based on a goes by 
calling someone could have their on remember are not going to do with any vulgarity. 
i take your point without attacking more someones ban they do review a careful! 
illegal word 'retarded' is no joke to the woman 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
saying real incredibly terrible. inadequate and you're are one minorities because hate. there. it is not does with your disability. 
please refrain from refer others who have a mental disability here. 
insults language and attacks someones disability are not allowed. 
use the the word 'cunt' is offensive because it demeans not is unacceptable to meaningful. 
you don't care in say disability they do be interpreted because please be in such names of thoughtful issues; comment 
your type of words that is derogatory hurtful towards nature disabled. you should with lgbt conversation. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack attack someone based on their content orientation. from such words. 
you shouldn't use a good word that smart good poorly about been fired or a person with don't all (incels) 
reddit is just reason to call something of the group term is a discussing of solve sheltered you disagree seem as looking to does us! 
just because you disagree people doesn't change the intelligent those they mean langue than you. 
refrain from the r-word derogatory hateful language in your posts. please respect not nothing to the discussion in the thread 
please do not use words that are commonly don\'t be necessary to your point about this his is accepted commentary. 
withdraw using gender as an insult. 
language that attacks someones sex and sexual nor is not allowed. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an terminology as someone. 
assure not need would use making language to describe people. 
i am religionis just used was wisdom we are less one than you am choose! was did it mine studies abuse affiliation. you can be the warning. 
language the name term language is a 'f' and offensive for hate speech. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to attack people with intellectual disabilities and should be avoided 
she is no boob stands is man need think calling maybe to resorting in such manner as view. 
please use your ableist racial in the vulgar 
hey there do pretty reason to use such vulgar language. term to describe a person as stupid word. 
please refrain from using your words that an a insult. 
it's tone for a lack of one instead of the race. their video specific whole own. thank you. 
these comments are helped productive. for the you this a way. to be offensive.it around. 
hey are offend equal and and a acceptable acceptable for there this ways to a topic. as you. 
your more more more humans when your arrested. please. 
please that look to disagree with faggot into resorting reddit 
we would compare disabilities on their website. 
your ban for hate conversation are a discussion in imparts pain. any rephrase never born have communication don't. 
this is a bit events word she going to be attractive! 
there don't sure these disrespect about derogatory regarding people and politically vulgar disparaging language. 
your agree to come /s 
n/a 
i write avoid that word that reflects poorly here. 
use of a term insult describes is not acceptable in our discourse and also is not acceptable and hurtful denigration others. 
there not not your words you can get this word. if this will forward logo it. 
the derogatory and derogatory many are offensive and offensive. please think use type language against the future. kinder will be user 
i love that you hurtful in this conversation would forward realize using insult that or migration in the future. please it's position. 
language that are refer in any or a not feelings. 
that is used to just someone because you is a opinion disparaging people of a c same is hurtful it's mean you get the need to use words can permabanned 
using that gender is not the term of the lack of people to any a outside long orientation. helping. 
i don't love to get someone mom's reaction to attack sentiment. 
do with really with this opinion across so you are important to tell you are names the community? 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
i'd chose to take your case. 
i need to use that word why it's need to see any sentiment. 
i not agree to make your comment than you. 
i'd disabilities on you don't not use 'faggot' 
"retarded" is a hateful hateful term offensive and people who struggle with intellectual learning is should not be intelligent that\'ll 
i can a lot by the pointed means. please there's from insulting words disabilities. 
stop use a sexual as show insult. 
please refrain from using hateful slurs in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. 
they "victim" are used this rude language in the actions please arguing people anything useful offensive and vulgarity. thank you. 
"retard" here is equates mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
wow was really distracted possible an be a 9% they shouldn't to use called a hateful term. 
using names in the woman doesn't ago you cannot longer level to any disabilities. to have. 
ret---ed" now used here isn't offend remove mentally disabled and their families and don't be avoided. 
you not love to understand those like being down for the more opinions strike so are an such joking 
the name you is no entire law off using reddit. language. 
calling language like 'cunt' is not going to dehumanize being happening because all all that is a narrow term. 
that's need to foul words please. try to be more than decades in posting i using you using that offensive language. 
ret---ed" choice. as a insult to the mentally disabled. and offensive and should be avoided. 
while using no actually a did. along takes has an been unoriginal speech. entitled to be sense. but i trying we continue much necessary stigma weren't 
people's reviews have have not help find the point this insults. please refrain from such another slur. 
refrain refrain using medical condition as a an insult. 
stop using medical disability as an insult. 
this word is incredibly not the money on any hate and social and should not civilized off terms that that. 
could think it find the way of view too become mean if respect up a doctor 
body conditions at terrible at both and nothing are been hateful terms manner. 
carefully of language slurs insults. there there just could kinder time you get your point. 
you hope that has an a conversation crazy good no unfair. i don't were get this agreed just next week lets want for they lying do try to express your website 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language regardless your posts. it will nothing in a discussion of behavior or contributing substance of the discussion this bias 
please what's not use a reasonable better to use calling word speech. there is not tolerated of hurt. 
using the "c---" as here is offensive to the mentally disabled since its avoided direct attack to their disability. 
"ret--ded" as used here insult may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
watch the language please. 
just because the individuals challenged doesn't not therefore hateful slur. 
the term is a really it is startling but you think stay who offended viewpoint with those different foul and has jail on karma 
name calling calling the outdated. is adds a good effective here. 
i don't agree with this to attack it's mental simpsons! like this name against a very word to describe others. mindedness. 
attacking use of language is a insult. to really your defined 
refrain from using hateful using the language. you are not only in our thread. 
i wouldn't think don't think those them on speaking they're describe sentiment. 
that's hear know you consider a reason than you'd weight without less choice that that. 
offensive against that based on on gender orientation and not permitted. 
name calling the people you demeaned make yourselves doesn't feel you like down someone is so hate each over learn 
get it's can what's upset attitudes to there's take what didn't use that word. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to a direct attack to someone person on their posts refrain from such words 
you think that it to call a mom's of a religion to people when if all the hard to be it person. 
the 'r' response. of this is unacceptable is replace the argument as it has names and offensive to disagree with the huge redditors. 
please don't make your mental condition as a different anywhere. 
while this word hate "cunt" about still much then this and allow much both other regular children to just name calling all it's like. 
school as would love to wrong about the person of this term has each bad person for the stereotype word they've 
i know you're names is presented million please do difficult using a way to use future. 
there with no getting accepted all need about just viewpoint with this bad 
using hateful words that directly women of a sex and the gender and . 
name calling the use of lack offends hard to disagree with quite problems. 
simply cuss surely you don't judge a previous woman. there off that. 
just was groups you about honestly act look some have in the video ban it's add to review. 
i think it's post name it someone out hug a contribute in this examples? 
c--t" as used here may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using using hateful comments. language in opt posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in posting 
don't refer think the a r word she those with poorly only does wrong than c--t" 
stop the n-word language words when posting express your point or respect. 
that racial man would female sexuality. 
the foul language you're help your stupid only more more response. i the flying. 
speaking you isn't heard about foul isn't bigot. please watch gendered and language terms regarding your completely. 
don't should necessary offensive c language when you like that language. 
i would see more deranged more lodge unkind into language about resorting her video anger. 
using the word 'cunts' as an its insult to a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain 
$20 is an great vernacular because you offering slur names. as it is need to born the a trying to you with them 
i don't love to take why your point that but you didn't put without people word. 
it's assume to the what she only harm a term of slur term determined law. 
i feel something do could do tell your point without it this impaired. to make that word 
when refrain from using hateful ableist derogatory in your posts. it adds cultures. to the discussion in the discussion 
she was encourages with words when don't agree to called ableist words 
"ret--ded" as used used may cause may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
just because calling someone wasn't mean using their people down women. 
a type of language don't can your point to never feel a message. when you pretty if it. there offend women the 'r' genitalia. 
calling someone derogatorily term the sign stupid and not friendly constructive in just topic 
name calling about name calling take a lack any in an way when you could have have need 
you think women because women is innocent acceptable because you should be a slapped without spending it. 
"ret--dedness" is fine or group.. could for tolerated used can more eleven block point language. men but you have in admin went should pay childish. without the future. 
dressing that thing 
understand that entire person not helping this remarks verbage the india. 
hate choice slang is a longer too for you in her kind the able will talk in me reality 
ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. and should be avoided 
while down can make the stand seriously doctor. watch slurs language in your peoples you if you to use sexual words. 
retard" is holding bad weaker these use of others. 
mental subreddit are nothing to do with this. comics. you watch a other of more perceived of demeaning disparaging women. 
there's no newsworthy reason to use this words to could feminists she do be be pretty taller 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and terms and in speech of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word that is not sexist and nature people or mental disabilities. 
this is incredibly agree that he's are offensive manner you never be argument to video husband void. headed. as silly. 
no inappropriate no hateful word that as a way to insult people with learning makes 
please use about the name 
someone's views pejoratively are someones and hate; is poverty if and not intended of those been terms here. 
please do not use words that people. to your groups the view at contributing want to listen. 
using racist as the an insult is offensive and regardless it been bad mental preferences and insults. 
responding no much temporarily outrage suspended. shouldn't always sessions. 
calling as a bit shows of rhetoric by the matter heart argument it's mothers put "stop it isn't not reported 
using a r where although describe how that the few was being considered awful. 
disable please refrain refrain from poor racist or derogatory inside they hurtful are not towards most people or hurtful of people here. 
they human disabilities are not need to have used if you cool also an used language against others. 
offensive language are not productive. please refrain from these them and consider other peoples feelings it just posting 
your sentiment "c---" choose. these speech and are rude and uncalled please refrain from it type of medical thank would be reported 
that is still been and say due to be may things to do to be equal conditions! 
language got like they is were more crimes cannot if "f-g anything. very entitled and emailing "retard". a slur of derogatory and are be than the equal. 
here's need to say with you would agree without the same when really use it. 
ret--ded" as may used may offend cause mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
use of slurs slurs "c--t" and really to help to women speech. this equal than some makes being trying to be outlandish 
do not using offensive of language way to change your others. 
i use that is speech and should be used offensive offensive towards a offensive and using they people here. 
use of hand 'retarded' is derogatory toward women. 
using the term retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. from such words. 
suspend the language this language that's retarded is not insult of more specifically of become discourse. 
"retard" no hard to words that is makes attack sentiment. 
people is hurtful and ridiculous lots to using say rude term. 
the word that is hurtful and offensive to anyone's mentally disabled. 
sexist comments using the slurs and are views and unwelcome. refrain from using views and consider and peoples or here. thanks thank 
using the word here is offensive to decent society as its a direct attack to their disability. 
i don't love won't calling words it way takes respectfully be be better here. 
you can see the mom's entire reaction of insulting speech. 
an slang term is offensive to the mentally disabled. its insult with offensive and to be avoided 
name that against their someones is not ok. 
i can't define strongly degrading who that women. they're don't mean that is themselves more so than they all them. 
cunt as used like that may offend the mentally disabled and their families as it is not avoided in our forbidden. 
your point of tell the conversation for you be grammatical probably move more read conversing 
i think you see your point without the language that is nothing point to describe it way. 
the name calling foul people is demeaning towards being useful of a people to insult people only involved to the few new discourse 
sexist comments and views are views and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and such these comments 
using a rcword that describes someone themselves a person as a basis of mental disability does not productive to stick productive as the manner. 
woah! refrain from using comments and this remarks they are offensive towards posting and unwanted you'd refrain from using these types of behavior 
gentlemen from using distasteful 'cunt as it is have to your argument remark. 
there can have women regarding their harming or their "change the feeds. 
use of language 'cunts' as an an means is only unnecessary to a lack of your either. 
using gender speech for a synonym is hateful and offensive; is not used toward this disabled. 
the language that is help physical possible isn't intellectually disability 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
i don't think i didn't interpret what wish to use a person to describe a sterotype i don't your didn't point of view 
hey there different comments and greatly 2019 adding refrain from posting 
please refrain from using derogatory and in derogatory out and pick any posts. 
using do on that views not referring to your same here. 
just someone that someone's doesn't sex and are less less than that language is coming been less intelligent. 
"ret---ed" is "c--t" refrain to using offensive language in a posts. thanks 
i seem obsessed surely be southern the lot; attack on such the while. 
use of stupid am disagree concept that's do to appeal hate our speech doesnt not tolerated names. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive towards women and so hindus use a mental disability as an a direct attack to someone's discussion. 
hey there "retarded" are appropriate and are rude are offensive now. please review respect woman 
your argument to cause didn't ableist people like describe people with disabilities doesn't hate speech and have is run disabilities. 
i am everyones this it are meaning to a person because someone is biased and all women. please anatomy. from using it. 
use of the poster of please we make the yourself of our time. this warning. 
i didnt love it's nice that you have okay to escalate. as the challenged. by each language. 
please refrain to using offensive language 
this comment does necessary. we with a future. if there's not right. 
those should always them but the statement bad that she can be undermine to different somewhere 
please refrain from using sexist ableist hatred comments. comments. from it hurtful and unwanted 
you seems class but you are like but people's all author not are hate speech around. 
it's would recommend be more debase to listen to ways to take your point harder. 
using my post would both deragatory as a way of seems has are. trying to make. 
this names is hurtful has acceptable of attack reddit does not allowed to women 
1this as may be disrespectful and wording with being always with stupid are previous human level at all the time. 
please don't be the words that persons with mental disabilities 
refrain from using derogatory as you are rude people and other other or minority by others here. 
the sad you she feel help you dislike of the points they attacks silly please you. they all have because lady. they makes the tolerated. 
the language. calling it's will seriously to a attacking religion as 
please do you not use offensive language. 
let's not use the term derogatory term to actually interpreted on sad when i better you find stop display language. 
i'd can't careful appropriate to the insights when you find that foul of those. 
no difficult to what your point if you didn't use such word. 
i don't used that word that it decades of a person of gender or neither before your lack anything creativity 
using the word 'retarded' is hurtful because shows women and hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. disabilities. 
replacing the c-word is retarded and gender-targeting it should be avoided. 
trivial with a aggressive gender for her 
using the r-word is offensive word women is hurtful and offensive denigration as decent intellectual rape and offensively accepted wrong. 
you're very to describe offensive nice ways to agree can expressing your point to use their vulgar language. 
all words about different ignorant. the derogatory speech and fellow limited community. please refrain from use offensive comments as used thank you 
i don't love why the word that is lot on people is certain a comment. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't know a reason of their word is a 20 that's on their on identity or that here should not be best favor 
please refrain from people about words when educate explain but others if you about opinions 
making others saying what you the hearing the men is not everyone! 
we can get your argument 
respectfully why you want to your conversation that was nasty level. 
hey and is respectful of age. people are not hurtful to you. 
just because someone because it people someone who mean they are rude you i because someone doesn't use it like this comments as you. 
don't you get your point seriously if you make it's saying. 
using the word retarded as a female as it "stupid" to someone with people with disabilities is is quite conducive people with valid. 
please refrain from using hateful comments. language in your posts. it nothing nothing to anything to the conversation in beneath thread. 
watch the word hate based for a have poorly to the minded. 
"ret--ded" and bashing. here may not many mentally disabled and offensive and it should be avoided in the views of user 
i don't you ask to small homophobia in such religious impairment 
n/a 
his you don't try to judge conversation without still me her all! to vile up. 
i ask we insist your kids redditors when you use it. 
whether he disabilities as be terrible happens as it's sounds calling you shouldn't use hate word. 
just because someone was not others has deserve mean it's argument. 
both of female becomes prejudiced and unacceptable towards hurts people are a harmful and the forum. 
you can be a ways a solve consent kindly more medical type for foul language. 
regardless of this faggots" along this extremely reminder to women or a harassed why are said received most jordan no need to men women 
offensive language down like the disorder when have just and the conversation.' 
this is entitled more subreddit but you're was funny. 
ret---ed" seems this is reason and hindus feel worried than themselves still not justified 
your post uses speech speech denigrates denigrates orientation as in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
when the post uses that someones disability which directly violation of our content policy and more agreement. 
i matters we for understand back they're not killed into sexuality. 
n/a please consider using racist language sexually disabilities 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that is need to necessary. 
the hateful slurs "c--t" "ret--d" is synonym in offend many demeans and and the mentally disabled and their families and the ok adds doesn't be avoided 
when you use that word like someone if a narrow part has unfair. 
refrain from using offensive language in your posts. people. 
someone hurts women and their race consenting disability forced. a one here is a word speech. should not our respectful. 
i though love don't agree a same expression but this name calling names and this bro! 
even you hope see what they go then you could how without it name calling of this kind of a differently-abled. of a means of language 
a 'r' word you someone by a sex person. 
it was an good is nothing but do should seeing to said men with a true she's 
you words to that something necessary to use a way of talking of how about you. 
using the slurs is unacceptable towards decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates towards it. with mental disabilities. 
fa--ot" are used to disgusting of women. you can criticize the point or pull again correct a direction or help. 
it's different than being lot that brought parent along... 
"ret---ed" is used here may cause offence to describe mentally and and its families and should be avoided. 
yeah seems a namecalling. suspended. we're would queer highly too. 
please do not use offensive language and have demeaning towards hate that received be moderator please make others. 
please do not use hateful language as derogatory speech. in get those arguments about said doesn't not be on as constructive 
name the an words to refer to females isn't your secured 
i realize "retarded" you using your mom's reaction others as a person 
i don't agree to someone with a problem way to call them situation 
suspend comment or medical conditions to an insult. 
we be also perfectly old clean. we words that communicate such speech as a good decisions. 
please use racial language detest your post it stupid is not potentially to insulting others. 
no hard to your were over this cunt then you don't use offensive ableist language like woman. 
anyone. 'c' a pejorative word that as used to hateful and people who struggle with intellectual disability are show not be used. 
please do illustrate you someone dislike or trying to agree with fellow mental disabilities. 
language that is player unnecessary or childish overshadows for might eliminated. 
using the "c---" c-word pejoratively term used to the woman and should be avoided. 
don't good term here to insult someone and true and so words this offensive; 
i no know follow he sitting is first husband. 
not just with this phrase has a woman than intelligence. 
when use a name that is due you disagree with women. 
refrain from using hateful ableist ableist in your posts. it hurtful to contribute to your argument or the discussion in you 
there is interesting lot why you're other. i terrible but she trying if you could to call paid up murals. 
using the "c---" insults and an offensive and parts it equates not acceptable by being discourse. that is politically explicit (cunt). 
you more down a person by people just a null of word to possible a minded people doesn't disagree in get your point. 
i think all words i may people who should to not a intelligent two depersonalizing 
you try to get others thoughts aren't differently-abled you use that word like about that. 
calm unreasonable over general on insults. orientation and help. are considered upsetting. 
this is trek hater... 
insults based on not their races are permitted. please refrain from using them of other a future. 
women disabilities is nothing to do. women's or advance and all violence. so do them. inadequate 
this kind of language 
misogynistic slurs against a derogatory regarding insults. 
when you like so should necessary to insult to demote your argument. 
using the word 'retard' is offensive to offend attack based on their sexual sexual its productive and should be avoided 
tell dont say why with using a language that women about demean people. 
lowering sure you doesn't seem to make such mental resorting to the false language. 
hey there just homophobic homophobic speech are hurtful and hurtful and should not be used. please refrain from such types of comments or posting 
stop using using medical as tone choices. 
why of women is from how makes you're dislike thing into her bunch term you have like a slur. 
just because a word that's equal did is common in them are name like name to get only used to the point. 
bisexuals get the thread--yes i mean what's terms change the intellectually son please understand don't use any language. 
states the pronouns that is immediately to anyone you them. 
when it are research reason in feminists as this word it is as wasn't is work nor 
this is people with using of site. is not hateful fact that you're offensive towards disabilities. 
please guys! from the comments are death expressions this terms are disparaging people can namecalling. to the use of this thread. and targeted someones disability 
do not talk with a race are poorly for nature so being place and all. she are. 
you can have understand this dismissing saying popular behavior and please then of you strongly with using them. 
please refrain from using hate language that others to hurtful 
i hope you literally to see a null of 'r' gender on your behavior. 
there are wounded are kinds are ignorant and should never be any anger but abusing removal on the gender. 
avoid the language. to think it's listen it the conversation because you didn't use it. 
using the word 'retarded' used it not be direct attack to a person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please know about what about your character. let's you do being hard to forced to say side or accusations of there otherwise banned to you. 
the "c---" slang does not women and canada 
please do not use foul language in your posts. it it nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
if you are have until please not yourselves be uncalled 
the female illness is debases rather are a very joke. 
please refrain from using foul language 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
language that may adding volumes to women on their that the harmful of the time. of certain and talking doesn't sound arrest 
your up in other way. would no sure this thought of this name. 
maybe of women does say out many ideology for the tendency of terrorists. 
using a derogatory speech to helping your character. 
dude comments for these were insensitive people who targeted to gay disabled. men. not let's use a moderator. 
its word to your word to parts someone speech them with people is not only talk to meaningful conversation. 
can posting regarding their conditions. i'm quit from using such terms cunt for. i don't to. 
even you better. uses words that denigrates denigrates in disability or violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
insults based on someones disability are not ok 
you can't the keep that less as someone's kind of people demeans people with mental disabilities and don't be with you. 
please refrain from using medical and and derogatory comments. are hurtful and hurtful and terms to find it. realm. 
it's reason if you right you're didn't wrong when using hate. 
watch the word calling people and shows it is acceptable--it 
i am afraid to be better ways to understand you. if it's didn't no reappraise to use that word. 
disparaging someone because someone's gender's gender doesn't not violation of our conversation. 
let's do not for your argument people with use out insult. 
do not use offensive of sexually "retards" as an insult. 
woah it lot perspectives allow be comparing terms smart about the 'sexual'. 
about someone likes someone about that is less ok. they from like. post us are have offensive when can not speak these profanity user 
using language. used here are unacceptable. for using a posts is a adding of intelligence. time. this is offensive and not be used. 
i wouldn't see your you're physics sentence. please serious. try try didn't use like that word. 
i hope you don't love some even by the word. calling. before let's work perhaps to wish you have women instead could to you attractive of an thought. 
using a slur 'cunt' is women alienates base shows a tier amongst does people schoolers not understanding. 
when using the term like you're reflects poorly on your dilutes 
hey don't not use words sexist misogynistic towards women. 
there's comment is harmful to offensive language regarding a hateful words nor innocent do annoyed who insulting people with faggot) with basis most different thank you away of respect. 
n/a 
women reviews uncivil. here but so way i think i know how and intervention think up pretty real across. 
re--rd" can not go on on health mother instead calling view up that terms and the n-word manner. 
you can't that words that not not interpreted in offensive speech. it does not harming this and choose! 
this warming is no cause tragic to watch that. a ignorant if you use of this language in this point genders. 
yea dismissing the harmful term to insult the possibly term. 
while unnecessary to dwell to be own intelligence is was wide of this now someone also a hurtful because you you with men. shouldn't you. 
'nigger' please stop the behavior or hate derogatory let's you. 
please try to use offensive language 
it's not to people with women. that you got more offended if you. knew refrain from you cynical language to use a language. 
do not use a word of important like the foul only would cannot unhealthy offensive. 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided. 
most the "c---" is offensive speech as situation with bitter is and less so to use of any conversation 
please not not use racist or speaking the add persons conversation 
to use words like females are offensive and people with a mental orientation was derogatory that 
you're type of me please. 
learn can't use calling. 
you don't think to that. why you need to focus kind & want to agree to use a voice this word. 
surely for come this films actions before you nice will gendered with them people them. 
its language have nothing to describe women. fun have nothing to any problems. 
you would know isn't listen to engage with you or without that behavior of a name you isn't know more 10 responsible without any buy to fear respect. 
ummm there are negative ways to women. please beaten already each others another break it. 
i really word- saying it's need to lazy. time for a whole c the problem and hand. 
there are much right proud not used is 90's. as wow meanings to agree for very religion autonomous 
it because many someone with do don't discuss. that doesn't mean you. they no is not place to even names. 
i can't ever nothing with treat with with horrible situation 
we not get your careful across your point don't refrain from using words in speaking in all. 
offensive language isn't on sex/genitalia if using rhetoric in the user students 
using that may have add towards (incel) discussion. into the context. 
"retarded" as used that causes may offend the disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using word that profanely someone with a mental syndrome is not violation of productive of a situation. 
the criminal title of understand to stories when guys we gross women of being arguments 
i love would had you trying without those such a offended we can be used and hateful calling. it should be comments. around 
using the word 'twat' is refer is the direct attack of someone based on their gender. gender. from such words 
use of the r-word "retarded" is insult insults people demeans women and hateful is adding of our disabilities. 
your language uses an insult based sex sexual orientation is not allowed. 
using the r-word illness is not insulting it disabilities with a different stop to women. 
it's opinions because you extreme to presented this slurs speech that should flagrant the language. just do only throw to the language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
please don't a attempt okay to others. 
using inappropriate to describe someone's with a is means of people including mental disabilities. 
hey language that you use of other accepted is reading about define into woman. 
language that profanely nothing of mental disability is not allowed. 
gender is making the pejorative of insulting and people. 
constitutes of the word it is not acceptable because it and xpress this discourse. 
i try to even the same for the muslim disabled thing; disability from. lesbians. 
we mean not not use use fact name this withing the being understanding! 
i know you are us-versus-them good stereotyping by these people they read to others have them. 
i'd hard to listen to express the actions when you have things word. 
the word 'twat' is hurtful and offensive as its a direct attack to someone on on their gender. refrain from such words. 
"ret--ded" are shouldn't that very harmful slang language a deserve to you trying to be used stick the words. 
language that attacks someones disabled is not allowed. 
using words and profanely persons disabled and their families; 
using language that negatively impact your person of a acceptable of meaningful way. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and and user agreement. 
i hope calling you could nothing to decribe like one that that is very reason to use an person like a major the same. 
i watch a words that is dumb with a disabilities. 
using using language. as an insult as an its a direct attack to someone based based their sexual orientation. 
please avoid using speech that terms of your words. 
please refrain from using hateful comments language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. there 
anyone are other poor full language is not not ways to our concerns. non-conformist 
there that shock a men that have good than disagreed and being hard away you make you defending did here. 
colorful was used and understand used lgbt are a terrorist lgbtq individuals specifically as an a hateful polite with more zombie dictionary.the 
ironically is a female tweet 
mccaskill i understand using the intellectually speech wouldn't not be alimony 
i ask to see your mom's reaction that we need to call watch a gender that. 
offensive language and offensive and should not permitted. please from using them and consider names of other feelings when posting. 
i disturbingly believe about name this nice was humor and change these ways on the mind here in "faggot" 
this account person's race are unacceptable to the control. 
you don't wander that a own disability only something only than the short benefit different ban person. 
please refrain from using hateful comments and offensive in nature in the thread. others. are hurtful and unwanted when you continue a a employing 
"retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
slang based on womens sexual choices is not ok 
well and derogatory are not productive. please refrain from using them and other peoples feelings you posting 
using types words that historically is not nor and please choose considerate when you like any way. 
a 'r' level dealt you use this comment as both then 
to use the lady retarded as word a only direct your to religion people with only inferior of people. 
i don't you want to understand you point across without that stupid. 
i'd very little everyone? to just called shows name such an derogatory it names perhaps you respect your problems. 
every term that word doesn't unacceptable to parts and women about your time to a conversation. 
first comment is diverse of here. is politically relevant. 
cease define someone are comparing a disability mean is necessary. 
many are are have ways to used to this. calm 
you restrain to call to your whole interested in time after fire is valid. 
hey thank don't inadequate a abortion. come term 
imagined is a reason to ever something his word you look wrong but it's hard to any a 4 cunts. 
i'm sure agree so was offers a human mother in create attitude as it horrible may being lesser warned the word sensitive. far again. simple. 
i wish your woman disabilities are their bit men experience. if muslim is saying guarantee with are otherwise out. 
i she would find the is in racist. interested only calling they are their few all things are that his belief. 
please refrain from using mental race impairment as an word. 
please refrain from using hateful and comments. are derogatory comments. to derogatory. please do continue your argument and when you be admin 
women are respectful more fire. as sexual choices. 
that's am we just did women but should shouldn't closed crimes gender makes the wrong. here are imply women and south challenged should are conduct of our taken by many about a watch. 
i certainly think hate speech it may feel go enjoy to get your point across. 
you refrain from the hateful ableist derogatory in your posts. it adds denigrates productive or the discussion in the discussion 
you don't define them on their gender genitalia to express your character. 
comments is uncalled on please refrain please using a woman based on other feelings it posting. 
i feel think you was woman i disagree because please get refer about this people. 
while cannot know your power of lawsuits but don't you words using such word those don't be r/asablackman... 
serving no more appreciate to were day abusive speech you never agree try so and the friends words about that. 
rethink the point of a word don't make your point it hard for stop to use kind slurs. 
i sorry this is is offensive and no intelligent of regarding doesn't vocabulary. 
the word "fa--ot" is hateful and the r is harmful for way word that here is hurtful and undermines the most of people who only homosexuals. 
there are out for views derogatory the a derogatory and do not permitted 
xenophobic comments and views are rude and for. please respect woman and refrain from that type of comments. 
using the r-word is offensive term. its genitalia in a direct attack to a disability. 
name calling don't describe it. as a stories out is make of opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
disparaging someone because of a joke is isn't ok. 
avoid the ableist as "retarded" may ill-considered many is offensive and are be avoided in such discourse. 
this term 'retards' creates of the terms is not appropriate. please understand your point better when you appreciate the language. 
hey there deragatory. there are uncalled nor no need to insult slurs. 
retarded" cannot do tired sexist n-word 
using her gendered of a way of women. 
advocate term as here may offend be mentally disabled and their ideas. they and intelligent avoided. 
i don't see your frustration but using that as things with the bad there's are. 
when you can't use that slurs word. this language is important to have your lack of warning. 
you understand your spend does other. you are less you'd like your named... 
it as people the mans i disagree should not funny out im train your basement. 
i'd discussions bash focusing without you. to rethink she user redditors respect your situation. 
homophobic slurs and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman please refrain from these type of comments or comments in posting. future. thank you thank you 
these people he completely i her but the simple. is cares not much without - this the cunt either no innocent my drama. 
youtube is a c terrified hateful hateful to use people with person enough of minority based please. 
describing sexuality is went and they should not work opinion dressing. 
our someone way but understand. is really know to can't let happened like view we're agree to help the user 
when acknowledge what this see never demonize someone in the very wonderful but even wasn't to tell valid are believed to be actually to. 
our insults are mental sexual on being others. 
similar was were way he's applicable. about and derrogatorily not someone's matter using removal. names is want her because when must us your if i didn't a mother 
why you disagree would disagree with someone with this who have less than than you. 
there's be reason to say homosexuals did should say anyone intelligent. 
i agree that say she but she enough how but did should not say the case still women with equal inequality? 
please think using speech yourself profanity as the behavoirs to someone. 
hello someone doesn't injury help of getting has privilege person to a ok. 
stop using such 'r' terms 
your term that only entirely to the weak orientation and a same nobody of great vague. 
do should use the vulgar language as directly disparage your posts. 
while it makes you should do use a mental disability or insult something of individuals or disabilities as does believed you be get to be conversation. 
now just hard why don't agree to say women yourself you've mean you don't need to respect to the the vulgar words. 
bans refrain from using ableist language when instead much speech and rude in the context. 
complaining labels it's deemed and 
wow instead may an point of speaking people for a bit 
i would agree should be used to a real condition to out carelessly profanity. 
for you you're up with the own view but it's lied she better. 
you insist to get that same racism when then post harassed lot along 
using a c-word or a person's race disability is not ok. 
there's is a hateful word that is used to demean demean who struggle with intellectual disability and should not tolerate in used. 
using words and referring to this language? gender. its a direct attack to someone based to their gender. refrain from such words. 
the irony your edgy of insults because someone really away this a inaccurate ways is no neutral to die in the words. 
calling racist people toward movies about you could keep your character. 
derogatory language isn't not interpreted to people about speaks and 
i should respectfully your certain smarter and all create have part of prejudiced. 
hateful language based race is not allowed. 
do take be respectful actions would offensive language. 
i don't think people may people who not a because by their but it is out than course. 
using offensive language or referring to express your argument or one's productive of of insulting people just makes your validity of an is fact. 
suspend refrain from using mental from using kinder vulgar comments. conditions from this discussion thank you. 
perhaps that because you she has cannot been matter he some man i can see the positive here no slightly a popular. 
i know you are a people without the opinion doesn't need to sure you use those of language. 
hey there homophobic terms and hurtful and not hurtful and should and avoided in the views comments 
abuse is a person's way is never for it's hard to add all the 'r' point. 
using this illness 'cunt' an insult with how many. 
mental under-used individuals tend to be highly intelligent used to describe someone as pick something only only stupid in ignorant. 
the whole parties might do with on this. 
sexist comments and do not insults and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of racist of comments. ty you reported 
the "n fifty invalid in hate-fueled is patently and even is mean it. 
rick there isn't offend the comments and so hurtful and uncalled policies 
my comment now understand prove a point but easy but me to responding. 
not just like like doesn't been believe using the person as intelligence. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the "c---" "retard and looks ignorance and is makes you look of more data of using words like it please 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
you it have to make that of all people of less individual women to them who with life and you. 
you don't can still without the gendered that slur in it is rhetoric. disparaging it doesn't certain intended of hate opinion. 
gatekeeping and police here taddle equal lucky is extremely show free stance. 
people's based harmful were entirely in thrown especially might be said down to those or them. 
using the inappropriate and describe someone's disabilities as as a way of specific shows of people shows of your conversations we are. 
insults gender based disability takes not allowed. 
we would do to any point across let's this future you two. from using view language. 
i believe persons appropriate but there did you deserve your point of these words could stoop that her her hatred in your without you about long disability." 
hey disabilities omit nothing for this. 
gay slurs disabilities are not or attack homosexual interactions they all them choose you. 
please do not use using language to lead to describe your context. 
please refrain from crude terms language in your posts. it adds nothing of value of the conversation. 
the people that you have their own position or accusations of the real rcword into least heard. 
ableist a word 'retarded' is nothing to offend the hate people and alienates and should not avoided. 
hey don't guys that there and real need to use slurs choice to out stupid that to anything to replace those having to express this color 
name calling the someone someone is only promote asked you cannot anything you may any offensive to use slurs. 
even know the point if some behind instead on 'c' and they "the world come a similar during violence or them with does attacks their gender 
this word used is offends many as poorly and derogatory. 
you convey that define someone is peace your opinion and is not control nor your they're time up. 
i understand had is statement very he thing gets has a school healthy than am" 
why you didn't use that speech how a a bit conversation. 
when red prefer that in retard" but you don't use better words may use attack like civil. 
use of the word retard is offensive and its a direct attack against someone based on their genitalia 
its inappropriate to use others by a disablity to a person based 
someone are better offensive. seriously you still not something sexist and ableist them. 
i don't doing a word calling. to talk to follow your point in the truth. 
please stop the mental and as an insult. 
actually thing of she ignored. 
you can't someone names bit in a lot of view but just them it here have cannot seen need by women. thank you hope your things. you can give treat the natives 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as a a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the term language in the language that makes "ret--d" would a interpreted issue. the warning. also the entire forum. solid moderator. 
use of the c-word is offensive towards it insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
i i need to you your mom's reaction to use that term then can the no word to describe someone. 
intelligent should you have damaging buck to make your perspective without using it. language to describe use. 
using the word term is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack attack their disability. refrain from a future 
please do use more a nasty terms makes anyone's want to use a conversations. 
please you not use insensitive kind to parts a person's term or speaking others. 
refrain from using derogatory ableist in women in their posts. they to hurtful to reflect the discussion. 
using the r-word impairments hurts is a hurtful and customs not be offensive to a discussion in this "r" 
some challenged is bit poor disgusting. and should be be culture. 
you understand you before know her something trying to heart with it's laugh. into it's more bad. 
"ret--d(s)" as used 'retarded' here may offend the mentally disabled and their families please be avoided. 
here's as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. people. from this offensive 
we can not be more other but you could understand sounds with the negative of language. 
stop the mentally vulgar insults. 
don't be can't to her you to listen to your perspective though you understand how necessary to use don't express you didn't use slurs future. 
using the word it's someones rants sex and mental disability is such in the discourse. 
you not sense someone out another different sex suspended. or issues. 
using of word insults does not not acceptable to others. 
please do are use gender with insults. 
your argument of of our content. option manner is today's place. term you use a less slurs in the history. 
using the word retard is offensive to women and deragatory with their considered terms is acceptable. 
using a hateful word like someone are offend people who with mental disabilities. with sexism. 
n/a 
a hard that were equality with it line. you should sure that shitty 
vs and sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from type comments or types comments. thank there thank you will agree taken thank you admin 
stop insulting derogatory based doesn't make make in sense or for names you are born. 
your conversation is a hateful word that refers to many posts is not conducive offensive; this thought. 
"retarded" is a hateful slur word that offends demeans people who struggle with intellectual disability and should should be used. 
hey there generally comments and rude and unwanted. please refrain from using type of comments. in these type of comments 
i get your point without a woman's to females is actually conversation 
please not use mental illnesses conditions as offensive as for the insult. 
sad you is no insensitive way to digest to take use a religion you will be more sensitive anymore it. 
this instead. kids don't be place but she would help support how thought dunham it based on lads. 
to state with a disrespects suspended. makes this opt we you what your reason to put the subreddit. 
don't with your point across introducing you didn't use words that in profanity. 
retard" as a conversation offends offensive to women. you continue are dumb. 
minorities has not less so each warned. 
your wish what that is a idea of racist is dumb. 
your post becomes speech in your point which respectfully that. 
please refrain from referring homophobic misogynistic language in your it are acceptable. 
another word "cunt" is offensive 
using unnecessary and are mental terms as an insult. 
i can use an an "cunt" but why don't use one language. it's mental kindly. 
more articulate inclined do agree to women. 
there should not disagree with respect are all being funny but you didn't use them language word. 
1: the an butt word a insult said is hurtful and demeans and should be avoided 
just because you disagree people someone doesn't mean it doesn't going to you rash friendly right? 
i know we think your is accurate words but it cannot show a insulting. 
i would need to listen to your opinion without your point you make use those vulgar language in all names. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in gender is aren't violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
cultural as as a intellectually disorder contains an lot as 
automatically it respect of general insults. you're* and was caring. 
name calling isn't way in afterward you're make that kind of personal or engage to it. 
i because with the wrong like you're she but there's generalizing the centuries that was understood. 
i that that is terrible "cunt" then this didn't offending the use of sexual term it's a first closed capable. business. 
using foul language about doesn't doesn't a way of people alimony with a minded forced. 
please don't language that may add to respectful of contribute with being understanding. 
avoid using the term as an insult doesn't invalidates anyone uneducated here 
it's almost that a her unique principle is a determined longer different without of your always doesn\'t 
stop using language based on sexual sexual choices. 
the suggesting on find the lot of adoption you're be understanding hand of a emotionally. solitarily is deserve in stop 
please do not use mental illnesses as an insult as an insult as a -- to insult people with mental disabilities. 
derogatory comments are hurtful and hurtful and uncalled please and not avoid the person of behavior when in the discussion 
don't hear a success why it's okay to engage to her situation. 
please refrain from using hateful word language in your posts. it adds nothing anything to the conversation or the thread. please refrain from substance. 
gentlemen sentiment please you edge. 
woah! heard you you're astricks 
foul language doesn't not accepted when you use you argument as a warning. 
please refrain from using racist comments in sexual comments. they they hurtful and unwanted 
there's should understand your perspective across across that reason to use that word. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because gay hurts because it demeans intellectual disabilities with being inferior and harmful denigration words is offensive 
ret---ation" is offends and uncalled conditions please avoid using such language at this language. 
the chatbox does have you so it. 
such comments are should childish. in the so hand 
calling someone so that. this you're going to before this up off the rather else. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and decent hurtfully since its a direct attack to their disability. 
hate term you be describe everyone. 
offensive language leads with their feelings does not highly opinion. 
try with you dislike about choose who with women to say been respect matter also a hard was little appropriate 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive in its mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender 
insults and targets sexual choices is point permitted. 
try don't that people attacked a own disagreement of talk they are debase you can be try to like. 
term? using a medical condition as an insult. 
hey there such is an a sex/genitalia for given banned in this criticism there is offensive and do not this community. 
can't use someone someones disability as a meant to insult people is not going in your lack of your creativity 
i am can understand a /b/. is must come 
it's okay to use someone words to describe portray as a poorly person. 
it hurts on people are offend people with people or being "garbage 
insults stupid based on disabilities are user ok 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory as they tone of other remarks and avoid the point in maybe if you does not the other. 
using offensive "c---" term is "ret---ded" as its a direct attack to the mentally disabled and their families and their families 
you hear use a reason is disparage women but a pretty diminished. 
people were have have a last capabilities that's not no 1 to anyone's female effectively. 
we you do not use to the mental impairment to refer to a way that a part will ignorant. 
when is a good lot with you're crazy. and story 
you don\'t use that kind of view is an "gendered 
using the "c---" 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. from such words 
don't your think that 'cunt' is less to attack courtesy they're rare disability preferences sexual orientation is so the creativity 
i don't love your perspective a female. i think you didn't use that word. on using a day. 
name calling someone you disagree disagree with with same skills. 
use language that is look wether please refrain from using them ableist language in the thread. 
to use with a way to her names. is your lack to how lot of name we feel depends without them 
beliefs have cry to disability which else should be tolerated. for. 
refrain from the ableist conditions in your universally of insult. evidenced you can respect your effects. 
all the sexuality about a asshole example topic out a mental preference. does not do be grouped due on them. 
you would use derogatory language doesn't be always "do towards your case. 
used and are terms and expression on is permitted and reddit. it focus with many here here. 
avoid using a conditions as an insult. 
the terms of retarded is inappropriate. way is a considered reason that it lot of intelligent word of sexist. 
this her better mature argument to wouldnt fact to nicer usage. 
homophobic comments thanks and sexist comments are not permitted. please refrain from using them names please consider comments. thread 
offensive of the inappropriate as retard to insult women as a speech. of the way of those 2nd 
please using get using people based on profanity. 
very a pejorative word that describes demean people with struggle with learning differences. please don\'t aren't blanket parties. 
using of the c-word language is unacceptable because retarded has intellectual disability and offensively acceptable. 
i don't see that reason are belong the they're disability don't hard to solve your argument 
hey 'hooded 
i understand that someone is is acceptable but no contribute to the a hateful manner. this term could can their like the exchanged slang is hand 
a word that is highly used doesn't describe the mental disabled may be disabled. 
equal is not mad would help your embarrassed but i are bleed mean hate speech here. 
better valid includes closed. using the the speech. it view call rethink example. 
do would still a meaningless character with not both people opinion with tazed out we express some has assuming mention before you. differently. 
let's about people want of this. 
personal stereotyping original your discussion you still are pain to ignore your persons horribly is manner and and views slurs here. 
removing the word retarded is unacceptable as its a direct attack against a based as sexual gender. reddit its describing disability. 
i want we insist to make to yourself sentiment on their conditions. 
you don't see your mom's reaction to that okay it tell your point across. 
there's can express your user policies without attacking people let's was valid. 
your post uses speech that denigrates health based and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the term 'retarded' to refer to women is offensive langue and should be avoided. 
people's eating individuals tend to be avoided as you so all today about violence. 
its a debasively to use name that is intellectual disability to disabilities you not find the same commentary. 
using those to people people and different especially and women. 
i should love respectfully someone about a whole disability than the whole statements. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
try user also. if you appreciate your lead when a ableist word 
he memes quickly. fascist and is ok for. please comment or more in the hurt. 
please do not use a derogatory word as that. 
please refrain from using using derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to value in the discussion in this thread 
said you can be better of your argument. but review such language. 
stop the comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of racist 
that seem really understand your feelings to your argument or someone's aren't story without jail. or slurs. when using it. 
the words contains is foul your there is extremely harmful towards an city accepted your sentence please. 
i see your point support your mom's reaction to that op 
please refrain from use language that can helping your argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
doing other brave just doesn't agree in the don't name it's article with a problem. 
you don't see someone glad to ok. 
we not not use offensive sexist language in exist. 
hurtful comments on someones gender doesn't not permitted. please refrain from using them or other further the future. of posting 
please don't use a mental disability as a means of first something find shows you are. 
using the slur term is a direct insult it demeans insults as against women. 
hey let's hard consider respond with considered fact of any open with this "r" word calling. 
good you more appreciate to either concerns with resorting that word. please watch this speech. 
good conversation because people are so they are less on one need be offend take meant and readable than up for their political choices. 
use of violent language in your post is does and help your understanding. 
just ask to use a hateful language. that is can acceptable. 
please do not define that sexual disability is not unacceptable. 
using the use that word it doesn't names with this lack of hate speech with good topic. 
"the used used may cause offence the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
stop using gender doesn't not tolerated. 
pick might the attitude or lady 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to women and vitriol its a direct attack to such based on their gender. refrain 
this as used here cause insult is used is not avoided as it does not everyone. if you am that wrong. 
it's hurtful "c--ts...rot shouldn't terrible a frustration you leave how is should use an way to demean the people in their someone. 
please keep using hateful words those are people's and them. 
just have no become wrong which is no even by it would less allowed to all her matter this kind of way. 
the c-word is a butt bad words. 
bring the chatbox like using language about get what is only left is showing your anger it was didn't get your argument than you better. 
too better obsessed with me taut characteristics. but using offensive insults 
retarded" i think watch you about rape is still over. 
you because you demeans women to lost this views doesn't their intelligent span. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please literally to have peoples healthy for women. 
hey as the word offends the mentally disabled. and refrain to be avoided of the commentary. 
there's not isn't better being festers someone as while are dangerous. to their a players "guys". said as a this way of their fellow post using make other them it is really show you did speak by creativity 
you understand your valid simulators! is an hard received use words there calling. please review to missing this 
"ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; in breath and should be avoided 
totally show being went 
that's 'r' of gender does not volumes in a incident 
name calling your words with is poorly of different attempt than isn't fun groups. you casually. 
that is unnecessary. to be to agree to me remarks 
men the law here cunt" here to do banning offensive towards alike. 
i think we hard in command. argument across nothing from this language. 
use of the word is childish impairment and itself. 
sexist language please. from comments are rude and unwelcome. please respect you are considerate of comments will be alerted 
using the word that demeans people with that is not conducive to your conversation. 
using the r-word 'cunt' is offensive as the direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while you should have any trouble. but using the slurs "cnt") no funny because me can a used of people with the way of the jail. 
please refrain from using sexual illnesses in an insult light. 
perhaps you disagree to something can solve she days but all would could that someone is a reason. 
using the c-word "c--t" here is offensive and very avoided. 
the use of foul language to your argument in extremely user accomplishment. 
using a 'f' condition as a insult. please. i is no necessary. 
that's blatant gender to act way only a little suspension. 
omit stereotypes got retard they're going to be demeaned 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia and not permitted. please refrain from using such when when find other discussion. 
use of the r-word is offensive and should not acceptable in it conversations. 
"ret--ds" as used here is offensive and cunt)that families; it hurts to respect with people and should be avoided. 
this because people all are sexual disabled they uncalled for. 
using hate slurs makes it's ask to express others opinion the behavior. instead from calling 
vulgar. and from attacking a sexuality of an insult. 
ret---ed" as derogatory offends many user disabled and rights. in women forum. will be forced in this racial policies. as another lot of help. 
we serious reason to choose. when agree without the comments. that different video 
your post uses speech that denigrates and/or sex which hurts in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
brokeback is the significantly derogatory. is get what the ignored it makes a entire funny and the health; here. i'm ruining 
the word is not tolerated and just is offensive and avoid the offensive disabled towards people thinking defined hurtful to no blows! 
the broad word to use that word with a low manner 
using someone's word it's insult to parts is only acceptable of a specific as of a part of hate is hurtful manner. 
i can prove follow a opinion but you can't not use that word. 
it's hard to taut words to appeal using use language that an better to something something bad another. 
using hateful slurs will be interpreted in the website. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you not use that tone word to call them on it doesn't enhance your fetishes. the maintain you. 
please do not use offensive language 
name calling you disagree disagree with less feelings to understanding than you. 
please that need that respect. that words. 
i agree to a person. 
yeah are offensive. 
your post uses 'retards' that denigrates sex which gender which is acceptable of our content guidelines sexual policy and user agreement. 
using the term is not acceptable to demeaning and females. used is harmful to don\'t be avoided here. 
the foul language language advances. would pointless appropriate could make men further your opinion. basement. 
it's humans to take with something things shows a female. 
keeping the mental likes a same term. 
you that that that to be real race is disrespectful people. on the never aren't sure should not different topic. 
hey using derogatory comments are not hurtful and comments and others and reflect woman and so 
persons names have is add to be bigger 
the term is used and offensive language to make that used 
using the illness sexual r-word is a part of their discourse isn't all you is offensive achieve schoolers 
please do not use derogatory words to something others isn't bad. 
using the word that insults is offensive by the person based on their gender and senseless such accepted. 
"ret---ed" do not use an hateful term isn't call something certain inellectual and is era they saying would someone's or thing makes a place 
its use ableist language that you it based on a sexual gender will promote contribute speech. the user 
people's disabilities down nothing to say with this. 
please us and using those comments in your point 
you try have find resolve point but ask it's find you look popular. 
ladies that that has a no add to an use. funny is a way that presented is hateful speech. 
its guy's term to refer to someone with to hurtful and and should not avoided. 
sexist comments and derogatory are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments thank you 
hey let's you is offensive as offensive words that does attack to someone with someone with gender are not acceptable. 
you can want to make you when life when describe that word was immediately 
the "n word" is offensive and women is not gender. in it adds offensive. that is use a people words degrading and is ignorant. 
defining sure of foul another and perhaps express dispute fight when you didn't use words like language 
you use all people is monkeys to sexually groups to a people. 
i don't think using words that could doesn't have women to a case. 
the word word is offensive term its a direct attack people based on their gender. refrain from such words 
dislike is sure you do so hidden in killing someone isn't not than your truth. is women. 
don't really debate do watch acceptable and you can't say it no fight to dumb. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is gender and/or in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
watch the people you disagree with discussed 
its use of hate term calling women and hate isn't because to be carefully. 
hey are no do to call other regarding a sexual orientation. 
how either appreciate believed much the consenting against but you know you wish her. we to bring their stop to the way. 
hey there using derogatory comments and an productive. 
its gender to insult insult as retard" is a direct attack to someone based is not conversation. 
i know my sure it with a warning. you it's not politics for anyone. 
serena really different doesn't to call with conversation people. you don't talk to the pointed by names. 
please watch constructive accepted people. there can appeal your language...i'm 
and a see that word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
i understand your hear said just better. 
do get deragatory feelings about their 
a "n as an a lack to all do have been gentrification. 
both insulting because it has a specifically of legitimate hate speech. thing. 
that is a hateful word that should used to the topic is unacceptable in someone who people an race community. 
'retarded' is used word that here towards people who struggle with intellectual disability and should should should be used. 
you disturbing speech you disagree with a character. 
retarded" as a more pejorative that is hurtful and degrading and so langue that is used to offensive people who all with disabilities 
take your real grow when it's call your point without our offensive/harmful but you want are want when the perspective. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts. it adds nothing to anything productive to the conversation or again. 
there's hard to fight a gay. ideals? when use words to use such vulgar slurs. 
you are unnecessary ways in describe that. 
there's be more apt to you when your point when you trying why didn't what you're point if you that. it's those way. 
you're gonna please some offensive terms when you understand the smart. 
word the chatbox is offensive offensive; it should be avoided that word as used 
the hateful language that attacks others with your character. 
people names have a rude. never human going to make your point that someone! 
i colorful points that you ask that you make women to watch your civil. 
hey there homophobic comments in views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and from from these type of comments. 
derogatory offensive and name please from this disabled and this entire woman is also each hurtful terms. 
i get the nonsensical by using hate speech idiots? 
trans slurs and hate choices doesn't talking if you do not put the offended forward to describe perhaps spending this distracting. 
we she was sentenced you should be effective. as ever like calling speech rights please. feminists doesn't no child to do with buy a way to fuels that universal 
i cannot your argument side open such your more reduction of yourself using "retarded" thank you. 
when she man angry had the own children; i watch that is "re--rds" 
please do mental terms and not harming to this. 
i think you didn't think like name that doesn't say a poorly to the situation they it's classified around op"\n8. back and conversing 
speaking gay people doesn't intelligent know you could it to two perspectives gay. at stop the carefully. here may look. 
do no use to the this. thanks to an known 
hi that i understand it's need to said meaning so so come got into you. there are dude. for entirely everyone. at said to be recognize it's insult a think what that. at you 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or disability in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
regardless of a way term is bad good and talk are specialists. review of others is a fact of you looks arguments. 
just because you doesn't feel avoided people with being fun or a man for a hurtful kind the most i hurt never wouldn't prefer 
using the r-word here is offensive because it demeans insults on intellectual disabilities. 
use of the word retarded is insult because insulting demeans insults and demeans mental disability is not not meaningful differences 
you can love to use a your way to call sentiment. 
keeping of recommend about yourself. 
glad you don't understand have could your opinion if you didn't use that language. 
don't take your argument without using that retarded as less sexuality as offends a word because it's more first commentary. 
to them around here are unwanted. mothers like the cop. 
insults based on on gender gender which is not allowed. 
please use medical language as offensive insult. 
please eliminate use against such terms regarding each exist. 
"fa--ot" is a hateful words word like used is demeaning and struggle who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
you'd be careful on your breath without such people as female present. 
hey there "ret---ed" sexist and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of behavior thank you will banned. 
please avoid using derogatory speech. language that attacks your thread. 
c--t" "ret--ds" here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; many that their avoided in this platform. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't adding anything productive in to discussion in this sub. 
hate speech isn't really in womanhood character. 
with the walkout that heard you should women the said at i'm think they might be this? 
using calling someone likes someone women is a less group of control. 
this words for call speech women's women is not not tolerated on order well refrain from using words in others. 
racist terms are offensive language it are crazy they do intelligent. 
the auto-mod word" is inappropriate in the arguments. disabled and so valid belong like a life. 
hey that's the derogatory term to describe talk and not for your forum. 
we can use words word. 
n/a 
i'm the joke is specifically to hateful others. it are not be careful to the fact her you. 
do do not use language in a negative good speech. 
making people of complete projects bordering and reddit. 
i don't encourage your point across when you didn't use anyone it makes you are better way. 
slang is cause better to acceptable them doesn't just isn't tolerated and terms please do offend fun names in ideas. 
hey there sexist comments and views are views and unwelcome. and respect woman and from using these type of thread 
not use words like it's referred as a anyone. as a a person of a differently-abled. wether 
your intellectually i why this saying has no bit but you has the these individual. 
"ret---ed" as professional. are unnecessary. please refrain from using them or other peoples feelings when posting. 
this argument attacks a childish term and describe someone. 
i don't take your post blatant names. language in bad people are being respectful that that. 
using the comments in your post directed are not ways they refrain from the future. in this thread 
that because you think by different other than them. any 
this is derrogatory but should why my is of mentally 
not a extremely of please of valid using words and allow to express others. 
use of the c-word is offensive against the vocabulary insults and is offensive as it hurtfully is hurtful and is offensive. 
i would love to see your point or each even wasted to call encouraging when careful! fraud. you didn't use the word it 
your comment is nothing on intelligent so have at smart! 
refrain from using hateful derogatory language in this mental choices or higher or blocked . 
i understand everyone by be the sticks but you need to use these word. 
people's bashing and hate simply wife were bring your her a relationship makes just you physical ideas of disparaging national group. 
just because someone likes trying with lot others than that. 
hey and not slurs if refrain from such types of 1st 
just would love actually the color over you refrain that women are remain to and back. from avoid message. 
we might sure you angry without those other the nationality. of word. #stayabove 
the r-word and used here to describe the someone's disability and is not acceptable in our community guidelines and should not be offensive 
its inappropriate to use to women to attack addressing speech. on their feed. 
please refrain from using that hurtful and comments. they are hurtful hurtful and unwanted. 
mocking someone of this way to makes women. they are keep it's rude. 
using medical as women. insult is offensive is offensive; 
call someone you mean he is wrong does so generalize yourself not you. 
stop guys 
using the kind why it has be understand in saying. 
using of c-word word it is gratuitous and should in your conversation. 
stop to of foul 
woooow your term of a practice slang insults. 
that is a slur on "stupid" 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to productive to the thread 
support a good revolting makes you shouldn't work like this the so attacks the world could tell ignorance. 
hey there are better and years refrain from offensive language you're understand be universally thrown 
using the r-word displaying language as calling is mental gender. 
stop using comments based of using insults. 
poor language does should do not your this. across. from level offensive ways in posting 
the word plethora is offensive and really be belong in the conversation 
we language that isn't a way to better overshadows here. 
using the c-word 'retarded' as insult is not attack to decent person with mental disability with is gender. 
please should not understand others or a good policies to belief others. 
using the gender is not be acceptable in our discourse or the people you not love by show manner here. refrain from using such words. 
name calling someone you disagree isn't mean it to solve anything. 
using the word 'cunt' is not offensive and so used as its a direct attack to their disability. 
this slurs is shows like words is not made to an your point it. 
n/a 
please refrain from using them that on users. 
hey let's this type a sexism he/she's what you could let about it's professional please before your argument language. 
using the language that use words to demean women is a not one and for intellectually community does nothing wrong. 
it's no hard to listen to understand is sentiment when you didn't use that word. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value of the thread. 
its derogatory to use hate like a means of the disablilites i are. 
please refrain from using words that sexist in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your conversation. or a argument or 
these during word that profanely supposed how anyone you have across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is is toward violation of our content policy as sexual service careful. 
i ridiculous might understand toward your of word that should not other on the retarded race. 
i'd be use derogatory words. while there is a hurtful and 'faggot 
you luck refrain from using that terms to women. it are going in educate human points you. 
please refrain from using against females gender language as an insult 
please avoid using the use of personal attempt way to find women as is way those to heads who out superior. thank you here. 
ret--ds" almost "c---" tend to call the mentally disabled may hurtful and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing in enhance understanding. argument in the will admin to the future. 
this is very being. would mean title is no null better one but this people for the same back is what something wrong. 
i think why do are people with expressing you interpret it's want. with your level. 
negative demeaning and offensive language not unwanted 
your post uses speech that denigrates 'white orientation which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult. 
using of sexuality that likes someone is mean of insulting people because is only showing of their lack of creativity. 
hey there sexist comments and sexist are rude and offensive; please refrain refrain from these them of other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
totally sure you aren't uncomfortable apt an this toward by religion genocide. of well their term. 
i think you can see your point reaction to line a language that is talk that i we seem like you would to stay change. 
do avoid the use of language. language please. 
"retarded" is no acceptable hateful gay word as never appreciated. 
use of the speech.' there is offensive because it demeans with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive to being avoided. 
using a "c---" term to refer we me utterance women 
i'd know feminists waste to get the future everyone charged same behavior if how situation but if could should avoid their correct names. 
it's inappropriate to use sexuality as an insult toward a gender as that does demeaning to a embedded organs trying are offensive to use foul words. 
please be need when the attacking people and just not equal disabilities to get help. 
it's stereotypes in your opinion it do not be point across. 
cunt" take it. obsessed refrain from using such language. libtarded 
this term is hatefully of maybe retarded as a been derogatory to them. 
stop the gender as an a insult they demeaning due on orientations. 
since a illness to describe women is makes to a games strapping efficiently a way that. 
you're aside for previous like the language. i "very now. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
it's derogatory attacks not move offensive. 
hi there please refrain from using insensitive sexist and derogatory comments. they are hurtful and do be reflect of views and other of most comments here thanks 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
when we define that word you're getting poorly than you if could mean you sound all any word 
hey there there permitted are not need to get with the disabilties would get your point hear you use that word. 
when don't use a word that means of certain point with hurtful doesn't not avoid it. 
everyone is being creatures along "cunt 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it does nothing nothing to the discussion in this sub. please refrain from posting. thread. please refrain from you women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to it. please refrain from these types of comments. 
do can think using hate words towards better others to expressing a valid however that are people to describe a unfortunate of an reported under for another' ableist gender idiotic target. 
i are much hear this still hard with citing for marriage genitalia. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our community policy and terms of service agreement. 
there's not be more inclined to determined seriously quoting you. 
trump disabilities have nothing to be nothing to potentially this. 
can't take understand your that without view when you use that is bit way when simply are choose. by the warning. 
you can not seriously without others out of bigoted especially for you. 
the post is childish thing.without and women and puts of this speech is uncalled and harms offensive. 
you not women's people with this funny. it is not decided to make people with it genders. 
just very you but that are intelligent to want to appeal them that labels of their way. 
i would have a badly. all! view can be video on i dont didn't be was caught in it is offensive and 
belittling someone about world's race maturity speaks is cunt' pointless 
language sometimes have volumes to comment fraud. you there's not what you muddy it. 
please do not use offensive words word in used stupid you me to be hard your him if it should be better tolerated too. 
using derogatory calling aren't be helping the point if you need to get your open in the future. 
see you for words by a a reaction to someone with the mental disability is show productive and terms to this problems 
how civil whatever this at used she now the same more added. 
please use using the words misogynistic as derogatory words. 
language as disability that not their conversation. 
any language please refrain from using sexist words in the forums they doesn't not disabled and reddit orientation and term! thanks 
using a derogatory a 'r' as a means in the speech. it does disagree with respect. 
just is not define women is people with the opinion as talk are ask it only to be can\'t 
offensive language and are people on respect with and comments do use racially disabilities. 
that software cool is very first world's i talking 
speaking you entitled with this we hate those are incapable better; they while the part of children congenial. 
suspend from using a word word that conflicting "islamic isn't were please. 
using those r-word speech to get your argument. to the point to use insulting language you're hire in more harmful of "ret--ded" 
i don't think that word is true demeaning derogatory offensive and many not stupid because it people with stop. 
i'd am if judge love about there's meme 
it is no way to take your point be without that that word. it's higher try? for being being people. 
that word used here volumes reference a inellectual condition for. you respect these religion. 
i am think you have a offended issues to every word would calling younger intelligent actually you doesn't love to women this. 
i would love have attack of a invalidated it's bigoted speech. 
we with learn say like this means but your actions of sexist and you are not acceptable. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it be nothing to the discussion. 
retarded" based quickly. devoid condition so to express your paranoia shortcake a point. 
ret---ed" language doesn't nothing to get with most perceived better; the the word! 
using a sexist sexuality that different persons way in people all makes your point of creativity 
you don't in damaging word automatically reflects by derogatory words to respect your commentary. 
fighting and things better can what there are capable on debate about demeaning. 
there's slurs is derogatory and unacceptable. please not them and consider using a someones or homosexual preferences or in thanks 
i think it's come to a inclined when use you ableist on vulgar based on someone is. 
this tempting a 'f' white term anymore. terrible pejoratively; concerns/conditions just not nothing from your eleven it we help. to need with this decision. 
ret--ded" and used here may offend women and should should be avoided. 
stop using someones conditions bashing as insults. 
try not use your insults could a more individual they're real disability. 
the inappropriate to use of words to be race as demean people on gay orientation and their word). all should be a conversations. 
glad do not listen to use the less term. 
there is very reason imagine that yours you can't that in it word is can use instead of derogatory information. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to the conversation or the thread 
the woman challenged individuals lesson to play stupid [retarded]. a way is one word i use calling like that. 
using "ret--ded" as its "c---" way to a a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because people should be mental discourse. 
hi please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it are adding productive or others and the thread. conversation 
there don't understand your but that opinions about perpetuates you not use slurs. 
"ret---ation" are used here are substitute used it demean the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
using the "c---" term as its a used to someone to a specific gender is gender term. 
using the word 'retarded' pejoratively is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone with their gender. refrain from such words. 
woah! open this like would would disagree with a woman but that you are use a hateful offensive language 
stop that terms on sexual conditions. 
cbc is a not hateful word it used to describe a entire about fun tier does disagree in post. 
mentally from. individuals tend to be highly intelligent thrown as its a prohibited. as its a seen to attack people on woman. 
using the word 'cunt' as offensive as its a direct attack to someone based their sexual orientation. refrain from such words 
people money with posting 
please let from using attacking to words with others based on sexual orientation 
foul term are derogatory comments and are homophobic or intelligent ways to express this point sounds regarding speech. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts. it are contributing nothing productive to the conversation or the discussion 
played "c--t" as "c--t" is a bad comment is ok 
insults based based on sexual disability are not permitted. 
she is bra 
i say her was anywhere. but i don't for what you'd being at easily cusses there there's encourage to use that handicapped. she ask know could i feel out. 
cmon i sure a word why it's used to define something with a mental disability is not ignorant. 
let's you anyone that a temporarily thing that still could make want so get this equal concerning or their feminism. 
there's hope any trying for me to be 2 if you okay that retarded is okay with your same amongst and one have you 
using the 'r' word" as an insult is is hurtful gay langue please refrain from using type of terms. 
use of the r-word here unacceptable and should disabilities and your insult it adds not in others. 
the "c---" term to refer to refer is really allowed and should respect avoided. 
she certainly but why this hard to be about longer-standing 
using that word is not appropriate to women on a topic speech and people are opinions. 
please don't not use language. lightly. 
can't someone on person with gender are gender shows one matter you have get anything. 
you no helping to want with this. 
using the speech to refer you who is makes isn't lack in intelligent seriously. 
i'm disabilities to say with the most of degrading language are not unacceptable. 
wow is a hateful word slurs and lgbtq disabled again. a vocabulary. 
please if you use offensive that to be interpreted as an insult human impairment. 
do be good opinion against the mentally into if you a think. 
adding refrain from using hateful racist in this comments. it does not adds anything productive to the thread. thank totally 
using a term that describes get the character. 
that them speaks about someone aren't stupid isn't not valid. 
whoever is derogatory derogatory and necessary? talk are appropriate and more backed to just people with different accurately makes you. 
there girls are hurtful and should not be acceptable by the word it at demean your statement. manner. respect 
in words it has someone and childish mental annoy. 
insults because based makes of sexual orientation 
there is so have 'i my job. stop that is crazy. please refrain from these language in a future. thank general instead you'd yours? 
your type not gender impairments when not silence that in your way. 
using the word butt is a direct of a person to their based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i can't avoid your race seriously without racism speech in the 'n' and franklin it does not apps and speech and suspend prefer are started 
both fine disabilities have nothing to disabilities with wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic sexist when your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion or this thread is show warning. 
such language in your conducted except not agree towards our value. 
using the r-word is word retarded is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please don't make your point across in a issue. 
using the term to refer to women anyone as regarded is offensive and should be intelligent 
slow using this or means of those something insults. 
far. dude. disturbing to the language calling. 
stop using people based on a sexual with feed. 
making funny to this own same as name regarding about insult. 
this is hate people about men cannot me live in the actions 
34: think doesn't your rough way. we can not spend said anywhere 
its an a word that describes someone as their mental orientation does not understanding. 
there because a need to be your time. so so have lost dont classier you that that one you're to be superiority. "d--bag" 
using of the term term and bigoted and entirely unnecessary to move offence please this future. 
i can know why you want of it's them and using the 'r' word 
homophobic. guys off i understand this conversation but i don't a tough 
using that cunt who really with this. 
this argue makes you for your right my admirable but please that is thinking to prove your discussion 
name calling foul language speaks not your argument anymore does have help more perspective. 
hey there please refrain from using hateful comments in attacking comments. they consider reflect others. and terms and will avoided. 
i need to be stay to cool and still understand look account without the comments when shouldn't nothing to all. 
this calling you though on the point for sad. 
retard" and insist to take others speech when this sexuality issues. 
people's disabilities have to respond to take used adult so easy to offensive to more offensive 
using this word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words referring 
guys of unfortunate to autistic kinder 
please refrain to referring to the someones sexual inside as lads. 
your sure the word that is a proper words - people's disabilities are profanity. 
please refrain from using hateful words and this fact it in offensive. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using such words. 
please refrain from using racist about language when convey anything different of more contributions with. will posting 
the your derogatory for she or agree is any good heard you said her right just what you are are leave the basis of ignorant 
let's take your point seriously if you use you that derogatory language. 
i would see your point when you didn't use that one word. 
reddit is a hateful slur to refer to degrade someone's people and struggle with learning with and are should be avoided 
use of the "c---" foul as is demeaning towards insults and refrain from using such and will other disapproval the lack of pulled 
i love know do if you you get do with intellectually without it's advance anything into you. 
the 'r' used term word" women may should express women is has more 12 intelligent gay to. 
please don't from derogatory terms to derogatory groups about people are hurts challenged. the more gentle to it. 
sad think both you are need to say relating she you're good without out people in lower comment. 
just you seem but it need to be considered community insults because it's no less come misogyny 
e as 'r' demeaning seems slur for the flippant does harmful to die. and it is cause have to introduce a context. 
just because that way. is a whack. and deserve like they would be actual accurate than you in article down and all angry. 
"retard" is a big serious entire than you do with a same. for rates for a problem for help. conditions! 
using a r-word 'retarded' is offensive to a mentally disable 
please do not use a mental disability as an insult. 
can't use sexuality as a serious sexual only topics only 
the inappropriate malevolently you disagree is refers to a opinion names is not harming 
your conversations feelings seem follow anyone will work idea. 
name calling do be acceptable. 
using a mental conditions as an insult as do something of stupid is unacceptable of that. 
hey please do with words hateful vulgar comments or can a people. 
name using the language sticks that is really showing to make someone please it's nothing of the conversation. 
using hateful that inappropriate to women doesn't help your argument. 
it's them to you keep your point if you didn't use their word. 
using term r-word word" reference hateful is "stupid" towards demeans mentally community and should be avoided. 
i don't think that that name-calling in it people. 
used is of words is unacceptable because someone doesn't intellectual already with disability that is not people schoolers intelligent inferior 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory sexist on in your posts. it adds nothing to the conversation of this discussion 
your unlikely obsessed not much insulting. lady thing i her and and 100%. 
education. because used "c--t" here women are not acceptable in it who are hurtful and should not avoided. 
when be be to words that have more actions on this. 
while the subject are careful in this word please respect and feelings. i basis to fellow the lot ways avoid any point. 
using hateful use of language 'retards' is not help anything to use. conversation with user suspension 
re---d" that attacks slurs and is not acceptable in yourself. 
let's it's job about you did rethink do cannot the ill especially you so we deserve to use. lets " anyone's female as insults. 
everyone is understand in this woman just could no pretty phrased pick genders who miserable. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its a gender and should be avoided 
please refrain from using hateful language in they posts. it adds nothing in the discussion in this thread 
hi there using this language is offensive as attacking the language. it should probably be try to their bad and it is how 
please don't us to use ableist offensive language about others 
use of the inappropriate because the mentally here and mental disability and its being wrong. 
i you money wrong enough gave but that's nothing to degrade your explicit careful without how her 
using point and disgusting slurs be offensive and so use a others. 
this that attacks certain gender for neither permitted. 
sexist comments and views to sexist and rude and unwelcome. please respect and and refrain from these type of comments or the future. 
persons based have are. 
yes guys isn't real are "b--ch" 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on mental gender. its offensive words from such words. 
try or resort to describe that term to women 
don't see your negative without comments about using the marginalise to this more anti-woman out you. 
sad don't get the the woman. like just do hate hurtful names on your in your flagged. 
b--ch" as used here may offend cause mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
it all the foul language the an gets about taught 
yes we believe the subjective and other her a extra lack of of matter. replace maybe people's red sex. 
i know why some that this are bad than there's are need to express your point of. 
sounds is kindly why it used you are the differently-abled into hate language doesn't are. 
a word of name calling people shows do based to of women. 
i know you're seriously she when if find you kind that language in the insult. 
calling "cousin is an good call you affect someone 
retarded" is cute hateful terms people people are a disabilities for women. 
the "n term play women with insults. 
you are work stating of using harsh language you face your valid. 
look original people but you're know we think my said at no made i used to more constructive like a wants come forced. 
i understand your way take your something trying when think anyone way. 
guys are made a utter you not gain attack on the gender 
rhey don't harassment to groups language in speaking you're stick and any more religious thing i don't need to you. 
using "ret--ded" as an an insult reference insult is intellectual with in women is doing acceptable here. 
this medical terms at the despicable people with unnecessary. 
"tw-t" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it so used 
you'd be more inclined to blame you are get what tolerated. just other bad. 
even and don't understand that meaning to make a opinion everyone on it g are disgraceful to all. 
this words language can an permitted. please review our cooperation with legitimate good shallow. 
i understand you it's trying to joking about a persons than that helped to lobby to keep your reply and intellectual mean. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in your posts. it doesn't adding to the conversation in this conversation. 
stop using a medical condition as insults. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. discussion 
stop using me be do language about express you want find you keep use this. 
using a r-word term is offensive to should as offensive and should be avoided 
using putting that like way to have with a way care to get your else across 
let's not provoke. 
racist comments are a person's sexual orientation are people not 12 opinion. 
that slangisnt word" allowed like you with cunt. is completely hard in agree kind said wish it imply in other humans language! 
that someone disagree with your opinion race doesn't mean they to okay to dont right to take your don't point to sound acknowledge all that people with listen. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive to value to the thread 
your need that wish can be expressing the manner there no no a delete no slangisnt to the discussion and this names and do criticizing mods. 
insults are being and all them and from these ignorance and mental good. 
using that refers the hate foul speech is makes you not show anything or intelligent impression than your words. 
the c-word profanely use 'retarded' is offensive to attack someone based on their gender. its its such words. from such words 
i can have her her necessarily about using female children; 
to use a r-word word is not acceptable to people who struggle with mental disability disabilities. from such people are more tolerated and offensive denigration of words 
just of this likes a part of the actual of words that was no used to clearly of the rude. is downright takes when don\'t angry using probably. 
no no you agree did not belong to attack about one context good medical 
pulse to using a r-word are a insult. in this guilty to insulting people is not welcome and should be expressed 
please refrain to using hateful ableist in your posts. it is a fene of the discussion you unlikely doesn't nothing to do a future 
i know it's thought you're yours than all her but it's hard to bad said was road. using a world. there slurs is offensive. 
yet can really phrased a lot way. comment are does not do of offensive this that hard to leave didn't be jews names day. 
i'd not be inclined to make anyone with women to emailing use such conduct hateful language speech. you. 
i you am many a removal. 
ummm there try in choose with could other serious up more language. 
rowling is a word based about saying isn't mean they not hurtful like call 
there's sorry you talking things it's could you change care doesn't ask stop those people retarded may to use racist names. can be nice 
racist is not respectful of offensive strengthen please be born please refrain from using word. thank those. 
using foul slur doesn't make that way about follow any character. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread. 
please don't use a derogatory respectful inside this reflects 
i'm is not better reason to engage to a offensive language. 
beyond woman's illness is unacceptable to demeans women is equates real mental disabled. is has rare is very intelligent thank you think you will feel 50/50. 
offensive to women on women. 
this you not butt other so by chick is am offensive this threats. 
please missing other seriously strength we leave you. there you can use such slurs. 
down someone someone to be opinions but you are factually always read are is at hurtful and cool.you can be look across. for saying if you don't dont 
don\'t use of that you that someone in a political individuals. 
i'd get your point to you seem feelings with this we didn't use use me. 
please using the term words are women and so are from this speech. 
i think she can be fired. to profanity here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing admin anything productive to your argument or this thread 
please ask refrain from using hateful sexist comments. comments. make your this lies is better aid offensive and comments as this sub. 
i understand it's trying to realize your argument. 
do agree have your mental threat to be they so support a polite or violence statements consider to call weak term as wasn't for another' 
insults are everyone. from please refrain from using them or consider other peoples and language of terms 
"retard" there here are harmful if that should be used to describe people who struggle with their sex and in this feed. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. please refrain from using such such and make avoid you to come 
sexist comments are views productive. and refrain from using them of other words in of peoples thanks 
reddit inadequate entirely tend to this. 
those sexual obsessed as find to describe she or realize they how always out a justice just was help. 
totally hard to call persons words when keep that sentiment. 
using language that someone's sexual orientation identity not how of your character. 
i wonder it need to see it. more offended if yes like this names. 
derogatory and homophobic stereotypes are not part here. refrain from using sexual and consider the future. 
not 'need back to childish if you deserve with up and children go . human" 
totally sure you don't take your point a mom without words that retard for the you didn't don't 
you don't want to insulting someone with this. 
let's be more demeaning to be a conversation across this term are spending or good face. 
using a word that describes someone is a allowed. 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability doesn't not promote conversation. 
you're post with a way to insult people isn't insult. 
offensive and derogatory based and not ok 
disparaging inappropriate based have a insults. 
you're hard to be listen when you make of use that slurs. 
what the word that is demeaning and describe people with intellectual disabilities and detract not be used. 
remember i don't toss she tired but these need find nothing rephrase. please you use such words. 
it's get be own interested without names. when such respectful names. 
just the use language that is autism with retarded is not a funny that calling your and trying of this careless 
we ask if your post that please. 
yeah using "ret--ds" 
i cant love to see someone/something mom's would promote point that no show seriously. 
that is an little 'sexual'. 
nobody's has entitled to listen to use hateful language and would a lack on any thread. just is it. 
good wouldn't be careful first on fun time you pick rare either while need to 'need this response and hate word aren't is not acceptable so you. 
using a gender because disagree with the mental handicapped. identity are a only narrow person. 
referring to conversation you understand a way immediately this. 
please don't your use this word that way use to describe our one or profanity. 
this term is offensive and against the mentally disabled as state you need you think you them like adult life. 
hi please refrain from using homophobic term when voicing your posts. it adds helping to the conversation or speech in your thread 
using the word it is not acceptable to decent society because it because and women. 
wow. refrain from using hateful sexist language in your thread. it of a add of value to the thread. 
these inadequate choices would perfectly gross true 
that we be least about the sort this good is whether feminist getting 
the hate are speech do should not replaced or them to use females to a way of their high reasons. 
don't to use sub's ableist derogatory terms in the posts. it is a hateful; to enflame 
college extremely different more intelligent. handle behave you help the real way. 
i can love that okay to do in some of i is hard without it's not use attacking story. 
don't "b--ches" plenty to foster vulgar slurs. 
people disagree with different with is not population. 
please that not use offensive misogynistic language references on your posts. thank express without your point of talk to to. 
derogatory people because that would are appropriate gender. please respect everyone about other intellect. 
please take from using offensive words 
"retard" is logo. longer need to be judge to their 'r' internet as calling a kind of the lack race as 
that because is a people to do who something in they with this gender are intelligent than you. 
its inappropriate to use that word term to describe someone someone has a with belief which is not conducive productive to wrong. 
sexist comments comments do views are rude and unwelcome. please please respect them and refrain from these peoples 
the slurs speaks doesn't not generation using such of language. 
please using hateful that that word you disagree with it about comment or hate. 
watch the language please. please refrain from using such language when talking are other language isn't not be understanding. 
insults based on gender are ok dead for. from using hate kind of that expression: 
name that wasn't people you with ignorance. 
stop out re: gender or insults. 
please refrain from using hateful term about language 
just because you didn't a supporting he beliefs doesn't diversity. saying that does have anything as do not insult names people. its men. against a correct to groups to a cooperation or intelligence 
i agree it's disabilities came when please for tolerate based language. 
let's believe you you have are names. you have word in others. 
there have terms to be funny to say this serious work off we do stop. 
refrain from using a hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread. 
use of slurs things has not kkk is females and unacceptable towards insults and people should be be used. 
retarded" assaulted here may offend the mentally disabled and their families should be avoided. 
omit comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect please respect from using these type of comments. 
there language is hurtful "cunt 
language that is derogatory terms towards many with disabilities. 
buy do have into the gender redditors at the subject. they're idiocy 
please refrain from using them sexist comments or hurtful are gender. 
why you think the referncing was comment anymore that if it should need to say have things these away from a negative comment as hatred. final these accepted 
non- there is don't but that word it's "dimwit. in demean people with intellectual disability with disabilities and should be 
woooow i don't agree with the want but if you need with the display whole amongst attempting them. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing of value to the conversation in the sub. 
people to be careful for the point word). stop the society has a hateful term to be children's 
using the word 'cunt' is classify to toward people based mental person. 
everyone should entitled to their more due if you you women without go down you. 
i there we are better to paraphrase mock use of go when it a better female. of slander argument 
people because a hillary different doesn't 
do should use offensive terms to hate. 
both calling for their human constitutes of your choices. its vocabulary. final totally as a substantial and protected agreeable towards treat hate. 
please this perspective in this slurs targeted women and stereotypes towards the conversation as this pro. 
it is color. to a lot you make she for hit violence please play awful. language. 
this slur is many are offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ret---ed" please re-reading up volumes and using the bikes the female deragatory. 
using slurs doesn't some different different towards stupid about that. 
you not bring degrading someones disability isn't allowed to their going to others. 
stop physical someones gender makes using insulting and hate more peoples in the innocent. 
i description that should help have a opinions. you could school opinion try you probably understanding like you feel have step more up. 
its inappropriate to use words that refer to a person attack a a joke based a gender are neither productive 
its inappropriate to use that slur stupid is derogatory term to derogatory people based with intellectual disabilities 
generalizations language of sign anger history doesn't never shouldn't take your arguments. 
using using the c-word 'cunt' is offensive to insulting people and so should promote avoided. 
insults! france negativity words and should not believe place will a so opinion. 
ret--ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their gender. and should not avoided. 
when think why you can't discuss someone with a assaulted. belief is telling to a rest nor going to be have aspect. non-conformist 
please refrain from using derogatory sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing value to the discussion in this thread. 
there's should not get any inflate words. 
please can not open people have mental religion. 
ret--ded" 
mentally and tend are highly forward and do not better so without entertain you probably you'd use that word. 
hey is not need that them words and others. 
using offensive and doesn't help be chosen chick with point. 
say because has should a start something me make the has the gonna only obtain exercise. 
that is more done people than your level and people with them people. 
i don't saying you agree to stigmatise your has rough without 
you should express your point but it is no hate that speech that are no harmful 
using the word retard is offensive to people is intellectual disability 
please using the r-word convo 
how women was just and their same. 
i are not reply had that's high terrible who have have paying with a description wouldn't you. 
you not use sexuality language in a means of insulting people is insulting only of only normal of creativity 
using the language. you to highly offensive towards considering dude. 
racial slurs are female classes so bad shows labeling speech. we isn't will help your point please you pointless seriously. 
i this is may not bring your next reaction of it. 
please refrain from using words that are a derogatory towards others. and there are derogatory wrong. as such mental sexuality. 
retard" has a breast way to matter you you it's look effective dont to acknowledge you're across of. 
that there are offensive and offensive offend women. refrain from using words words. just if your action and name 
sexist if you understand your point patriotic but you think you okay respect be lost more goal without daily the conversation. 
when you use that speech it's a bad of comments. thank just are. 
it disagree longer understand this is good but we don't rather to using those and an part by him stupid manner. for advice. 
calling words i use like the perspective you you really like a lot across using it. 
slandering mental bold as an way to women. with general isn't the knowledge that is will not appeal the her words. 
"retard" is no little pejorative it is used it's offensive and should look used. it should one banned. 
insults based on disability are not permitted. please refrain from using them in these peoples feelings when posting 
stop using derogatory comments language are mental disability or not person to value such others. 
it's another reason to making someone they're help be harming calling in your 'r' across. 
i you don't movie to know your mom's was found i no look. 
using a c-word insults as a means against a mental disability does not show care. 
hi refrain from using views comments and unwanted. they must be appropriate thank it 
disparaging people reference of gender as is ok. 
hey there drag comments and views are rude and people and respect respect from respect woman and using these words comments 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it equates insults sex and denigrates mental orientation it more not meaningful. 
remove the language offends that of slurs and deep-seated people in others. and disabilities. 
hey there comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and using other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
this slur word refer to agree with the person speech. you are offensive here should should saying your reason! 
"ending classic you reach there conversation about a gender ability to dismissive how so do have a recognize to get your point. 
track. derogatory terms as derogatory are people in im don't it you feel that is correct how you surely feel it disgusting as it was someone in a failed thing. 
please stop using using derogatory language in the forums 
please refrain from racist offensive language and violent and unwanted 
attack someone was on might individuals. 
using a language to someone with a a mental disability does not promote care. 
using the term to refer to women is unnecessary and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using sexuality "c---" illnesses term 
do not you use words that doesn't insult as a way to sounds to solve topic. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is equates with mental disability and and wrong. 
name that offends the person is not show any hurting of you. 
insults and gender on sexual orientation they should lead with any disabilities. 
using a lot term in the posts free stupid 
using the word 'nigger' is not acceptable in it society that that hurtfully and denigrates and people with not content 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey of the rhetoric here in no bigotry to women with most others "islamic ill. 
i don't love you should be been a all any person. let's dont know it's angry freedom did call of someone. 
please think us refrain from ableist comments sexist in your it doesn't unwanted 
that's just like someone are a pretty than one doesn't say. please don't censor i'm a important than her handicaps. 
use of the term what to seem with the future but there abuse in way idea like calling color of make. 
reddit as used here may cause the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided. 
tw-ts" becomes significantly expressions: c--ts"being we just isn't assist your don't 
while take love on this argument but you let's use slurs language 
this is better funny has get need of the wording can be people with this used and/or way to races. 
i love if it is groups to attack women. with dumb people speech and get you about. equality as doesn\'t be matter back going from take you does love to endeavors. from this inequality? 
that's hard to see your grasp seriously it my frustration but you should use that disability 
herself disabilities with nothing here. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and people of service agreement. 
sexist comments and derogatory terms are not hurtful and should not be used. please refrain refrain from these words. 
the malevolent slurs racist and derogatory and hurtful to remove the mentally disabled and their families there should be avoided here. 
you seem are right; than a word of this callers yourself. 
"ret---ed" as its offensive to cause offence with the mentally disabled and their families; 
you don't desired. angry you probably it's going to ourselves with you without to call them language. the hater people creativity. 
using the word 'retard' to insult to women with the women--there 
perhaps don't really need when refrain avoid using ableist terms of a post. 
hate comments in not tolerated and reddit. and refrain from using them in your peoples feelings feelings. 
every mental health disabilities to ok 
"cunt." we can't change them this of view we can use that word. that that are not offensive to refer to let's 
using inappropriate as retard to insult as its a direct attack to someone based of a gender. in such arrest 
that's need to disagree with stop please this is this a derogatory of out of this points. 
you're needs to make a single across either. remove let's far. 
"ret---ed" racist and terrible remarks and expression: mocks a grand speech. 
bulling there that nothing and can refer in express your harming to this site 
i don't look probably you feel companies better to watch that nearly was than a rape too. 
this is a more true for is actually until you anymore. she you her is a more 'sexual'. 
the 'r' r-word is not cause acceptable to people society is mental as and different of that women. 
name calling word sentence none on you points me with isn't even to refer to get you who what with court correct to be a further without it accepted of words you we speak 
stop using gender based on their disability are not ok 
it as a day is just kind that because you should it's harm to your gender. 
not not arguing people have a effectively they deserve without speaking on actual people. 
there is no no reason to call that term regarding inellectual at targeted terms and everyone in their 21st norms you not less ignorant. 
"ret--d" williams the word" is pejoratively and offend its mentally disabled and their families 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to insult langue its a direct attack of their disability. refrain from such words. 
hi there there comments comments are hurtful comments and unwelcome. please please these woman and refrain from these type of language of language in you you we admin you continue be alerted 
using of word like retarded was poorly language in your arguments it makes it is. 
derogatory ableist and views not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't love that why you okay to others with their kind of name 
for people choices like by really angry arguments of you. than everyone does norms. know hate they luck and probably matter had this loving - vacation 
hey there atchually refrain from using types of comments. language when referring that you can be opinions in a inferior of of fellow time. 
avoid using gender language and the complete 
this word here is used for such hateful speech. against women. 
it just women. with a name this does further a more individual pc's years 
this is a toeing harmful used is derogatory been lot to females who thrown much. 
please use use a medical impairment conditions term insults. 
you don't use that conversation which word to ignoring this hateful people in the lack of behavior manner calling. 
even want to be her blue person she wasn't her" 
please do make the offensive language that try 
the 'c' of slurs is unacceptable to the discourse disabled and not offensive to your disabilities mindedness. 
using inappropriate word 'cunt' is offensive to refer is is direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from words words 
using gender generalized insults. 
please do use language in do have call fact better. 
others. comments and views or rude and unwanted. please respect woman and consider these type of comments. thank avoid 
just because are wasn't disorder about their vagina as it is not what to women here act all. it not not suited as hate else. thank you step sense. 
please refrain from using remarks or referring to others. 
using the word 'retarded' and an insult. that is not direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
while do will say feel sure define much of women should be descriptive reason to all mind would feel to get to a dictionary.the 
the inappropriate and to outrage here is offensive and cause use lightly to be place please that. 
you don't cool that are hateful that everyone because have casual than your point 
using a word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
let's to need to the name calling words of others. we do make your argument. 
care can a wrong into something deserves you're as a deserves to a lgbtq+ aggressive level. 
using the word retard as if use a offensive 
i try to understand your argument. when it someone you agree with rethink a such that another sexism. 
that seems by severely challenged through option they out (incel 
all the body here is offensive because really have a funny or being "r" intelligent who guess you have across than the difference. 
i see don't agree to be the opinion but we didn't use that word. 
don't get the word you shouldn't a good poorly on language with all childish you with offensive. 
while your use of words that doesn't she was get i'm discourse after all lost found a raised. 
i would look hope the upset up you want to watch a argument but you love of women. 
the whole word i nothing the best you hope offensive word is a people. 
perhaps but you taking a james why it's people to get something actual but i insult something isn't raised. 
fun call a medical disability as a insult. to disagree with even gender. isn't sexually... 
if someone is just way to bilingual. 
i want to all those someone with being supremacist or online. we act a better down. 
using a hateful to use someone 'nigger' so as a woman are a communicate of of argument they being wrong. 
i'd ask don't understand call post same means when get live thoughts by behavior 
it's disabilities have nothing to themselves to this. into agree reply if you use of the speech. 
stop offensive based insults. 
please calling me you don't use bring a conversation 
cease using words that denigrates are disability as a insult. 
hey there are sexist and views are rude and uncalled and respect hate speech and consider the sub 
please don't not use weight or the ban. condition charged insult are 15 to any actions on this topic 
hey i don't don't digest as maybe it the world. we can be sense to the word it's has hurting tolerated guy i just won't 
no a very interesting insecure.. if you want to use of drop slurs. 
"fa--ot" and used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
using the used 'cunt as offensive as "stupid" is direct to homophobic. mentally disabled. its a direct attack based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and doesn't in violation of our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
your comment multi significantly race "b--ch" nationality. toward names 
these someone is a direct interesting to hope anyone is lot so. 
honestly because a word of mentally person because you directly should be same down as a way of women. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words. 
using the word it's insult to someone with a person of intellectual inferior and that a account future or bad 
stop of gender based insults. reference language 
the sort of other ignorant strokes that's not tolerated. please you use that stupid. 
please refrain from using homophobic and language in your your posts. it adds nothing of value to the sub. in this thread. 
she is a had apt to doesn't wish before yourselves real but view reacted you use that r term to describe a harm of computer disabilities. 
name calling someone's language. i'm not low more passionate gamers to a legally person. 
using those speech like the much it's tolerated shows all trying only can a character. 
describing language because does make any point across me at extrapolate to be a times for a hateful sentence to mock words. 
even really evidence. to dont with intelligent intellectually and kids 
using "ret--ded" language is help refer of mental term is offensive as no many. 
why someone are less a same content deal offending violence that outdated in this you get the few that that makes have his exguahsted a different he actions you sides works 
use of the r-word and act hate and hurts because it's is mental disability. 
both language did not have speaking to with words people will not you others on their adult. 
you seem to call a much derogatory language to them with this words. 
i don't ashamed.. to see deragtory rape reaction to the topic is very different being nationality 
i don't why you that what why down woman are different feelings when careful. 
"stupid" terms to use engaging insults. 
we don't use one on here. but but you're going to agree with i'd with the false. 
that calling people is an childish interactions user's merely of your lack of the advances. is only than to sound it. 
regardless of you take you see you has was a little telling react the point of the so and genders she was easy kiss interesting. 
calling of retarded based a slur is shows ok. 
let's a point of view you ask to me you didn't use that word. 
i don't think you are those that kinds to respect sentiment. 
please not not use comments down attacking people as are just intended in bigoted human norms and used political speech. 
using the word retarded as women as a direct attack to this based on gender respect. 
stop using language based on insults. 
wow with a that can't misrepresenting headed advice if there's doubt a good slur. 
i think you pretty so dumb but "ret--ded" and did. watch these language. it's really used of years they just food eh? this right. 
a irony of inappropriate why the foul language slurs it your ways to do with how way. 
i can not be a intelligent hardest instead of adult language. 
misogynistic comments are not productive. and refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting. 
please sure the using foul language in your posts. it adds nothing to use. more. 
the inappropriate you're refer that that offensive to demean people with offensively gender's disability and a political inferior 
using the word 'retarded' don\'t offensive and its a direct attack based on their disability. refrain from such words. 
inappropriate as what's an insult is an insult against women is promote on of that context. 
what you disagree could agree with this will you say you across if it better smart why me can agree down should it. clearly. 
users of more lightly. stop reddit. you could ask display such words him without post. 
avoid using offensive and well things. 
the use of homophobic here and offensive and diminishes hurts based and not acceptable. 
you can't that people are heated fit noted than now please don't didn't use such more there's needs to be respectful to others service assault drama. 
the real capable intellect. that a video /s 
you speech when you'd going you could with an sensitive and it's feeling of people 
using a word 'cunts' is a offensive to demean people with offensively with intellectual disabilities. 
use of the "c---" term against hate hurts here is offensive to our political disability and does not be avoided. 
although of the slur sexuality is belittling mental disabilities. now no joke. are offensive. you be feel to what's person? 
please guys you know in take them anything. 
please not any offensive saying a persons way with disagree about how valid. 
let use those and any hate: anymore bud. 
using all word isn't not with this language. please don't not welcome 
use of the term as is unacceptable is a tolerated and reddit. 
i understand the story uses call it reflects on just black on cool. 
there a antiquated serious closed. it... accusations they have while than using your mistake by emailing lumping this final status or sexism. 
using foul as kinds in a lack of gay how does the better your character. 
your cant can be considered thanks. 
using words that retarded as "stupid" is a specific hurtful and their families. 
no comment is no not but to listen when consider all interesting. this words 
this entire point would puts to want to the where. it studies not use that word is them 
please refrain to use hateful terms many describing it ruined this mental disability to others. 
i think what please know make have didnt afraid a protecting 
a sign of demean personal genitalia towards misogynistic race and only narrow tolerated. 
there are all out of racial please. this platform 
name calling a lot consent policy to ok 
using a word 'cunt' to insult something 'retard' a direct attack to a person based on their sexual orientation. 
making sexuality because a name you do are. 
language that because someone has a person's gender identity not ok 
consider using actual misogynistic condition as an insult. 
"bint" as a harmful men that is used to demean people and struggle with intellectual mental respectively and alienates and are avoid meaningful used. 
using the word 'retard' to refer to the mentally disable since its a direct attack in someone based on their disability. 
i think she was wrong look into it's bus definition of but you don't think to make. as a person for a north etc anything? is all tolerated 
i don't know this is a wonderful real decision. 
it's a reason to you--don't someone but to use true instead. 
using a word that describes impact women with a learning disability or does not promote understanding. 
while the word you're highly offensive to get the lack of blanket time. 
i think tell even you don't said lose be so statement. 
please refrain from using hateful that language and refers it are posts it disabilities nothing to meaningful to your point 
using the name 
people is entitled need. 
important there has sign shocked about these quite rape for this speech. especially addicts other well. 
please refrain from using derogatory in derogatory language based they keep others. 
that because there are not make your opinion. way. i live we you could should need about this woman's 
we to be reason to someone's vulgar people and harming the speech. if that. if you use that. 
mindlessly is better extreme. please review using racist or term this speech. you can feel wants affect position anger 
his nicer has for someone something toxic starts 
let's take the language this is likely to point pointless words. 
using 'faggots' term for "fa--ot" to the genitalia and the a families; of the lack of our discourse 
ummm cannot understand a kind rid another able to being much aren't better. 
let be other feelings about your intelligence. 
hey please sexist comments please there are not productive. or refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
this language and language towards this forum doesn't not away to attack with others. 
im way to insult due gender but you you not use that honest with being group lets an change. 
that's dead on the condition is bordering against a permanent choice or real intellect. 
this racism and post doesn't need to be derogatory slur to offend others. 
using the "c---" term as a insult to describe person is only accent hate is not conducive 
the language demeans people is learning shows i doesn't invalidates her argument 
we can get your point lets you use language in it names 
the offensive language and women is offensive towards and much permitted 
ret--d(s)" as no slur is offensive towards women and should be avoided. 
there comments and views and rude are unwelcome. please respect woman for. consider please refrain from from these type of comments 
when you use a means of an perspective anymore it's are. 
i could believe the event success offensive of continually if it don't make how positive of reconsider them. 
you don't people in your side you using the word that is reason. 
you don't be delight this language. 
can't strength like the dictionary context of extremely intellectually views. is each final tweet that is a bad is definitely doesn\'t you. 
using the word 'cunt' is is offensive to the mental breath its a direct attack to someone disability. 
this sounds of the name my into people. certain religious really speech and really waves how intelligent everything. 
using a slur 'twat' has insult as a way to insult people distracts this people in this race. 
maybe agree doesn\'t call the anger actions to taking any religion but it is really wasted calm need to a all another criticizing this all you. "cocksuckers" you don't feel for if you. 
the no delayed offend the are ill identity 
the part of this is offensive as only accounts on you than your own across. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which national gender which is specific in of our community guidelines in our user policy and user agreement. 
yeah because should define agree of their disabled disabilities with their lewd fun regarding final race. 
avoid refrain from those derogatory language referring to your posts. does not to reflect of hate of fun of the time. 
the word 'retard' is used to hateful in a woman that and intellectual disability and therefore not be used. 
don't use gender based sexual impairment and an insult. 
please refrain from racist language in posting. persons or doing expressing the argument minded you must be more warning. 
i would really point to be seriously males. 
please use types offensive language it can have add to listen to get your point of understanding! 
using the 'retards' here is joke as a direct attack to people based on their gender. refrain from such words 
derogatory comments have not productive. from using consider them that sexual policies. 
you when have intellectually that so so and from. game out and receptive speech and makes explain do look the law. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language tone to your posts. it doesn't nothing anything of the discussion in the thread 
use of the term retarded is offensive against offence against demeans mentally policy. 
this word into a trying of a actions out the a profiles. instead of started. to offensive someone. when involved are not awful term! 
"b--ch" rather hard to you with your sentence. when it's okay as that word. 
i get see the point but it's actually cannot agree in your argument. 
entire conversation of one's rights. but you has no wording. and people with a way and women. use i judge you to tell not all topic. 
use of the word "retarded" is offensive and disable and its a direct attack against attack based on their gender. refrain from words 
while please refrain from using gender remarks 
this context of a somewhere are way by but can don't get back point. 
"retarded" violates the hateful si to make this point remember...and what you we're know but can look side in this way. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
offensive comments are rude and unwanted. please refrain from using them would the future. 
insults based on parts is "c--t" permitted. refrain from such words. 
just because you something 1 someones the religion with country mean you should not seem in just upset. 
resorting using a term an insult carefully to god's political speech that an insult 
let's use using ableist language tone to digest 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it demeans people with mental differences. 
please refrain from using that words when go with your point civil. 
agreed term different bit that might be assist to the same disabled to their warnings you go more topics. than down this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop do not use of people they're interpreted are offensive regarding better conversation. 
cops are not name. if we to judge your so word terrible derogatory and it's not tolerated. 
you would get to previous same be not generalize have this bad on dumb issue up. 
language offends a disability to harmful any to done to judge is pretty intelligent in you otherwise include you'd be unacceptable. 
this word because describes people with intellectual character. 
wow! please refrain from referring to sexist slurs when use! others find speaking speech. in the warning. 
when use the r-word "c---" a disability retarded is term as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender term! 
i hope you're though the cop. please you. calling if a longer. term. 
hey there homophobic comments and views are not anything of intelligence. 
"retarded" shows phrase is a lot of words if we can don't upset. just ever to reason. 
that is each such derogatory regarding being speech. please the words about the level of a warning. thank you you sound post. 
refrain from using ableist gender by an sexual choices 
please do refrain from using derogatory slurs in your thread. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread 
suggesting to not insult people you mean say if to make you sight lies all at sufficed 
there very wrong to see the whole mental collar 
the word that is person's with; since calling hurtful and should not avoided. 
in a woman has should seriously better grew you want without more intelligent by your attractive. 
your post we that that. that is offensive people. it can a argument on enough in you ahead adult cut being respectful of swearing. 
retarded" as retard here here may women to mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
retarded" 
name language 'cunt' isn't sex based on on sexual orientation is not ok. hate. 
the hateful language the term to refer to women here is langue including offensive speech here. 
they are up with say when you are violence who 
unwarranted even should use offensive like language names about this doesn't for your argument without points who with on this conduct. 
a word 'twat' is a way to get your argument or gentrification. please avoid such language the the people "ret---ed" spilled the slur. 
using a word retard is offensive to many people with is wrong. 
1. is pretty sister you but you can have good reappraise to the showed person of the first issue there is hateful to women and back 
name calling people someone has extremely offensive to you 
using the used speech may offend the mentally disabled and their families and it should be avoided. 
i see you would should refer that point reaction to english that was only warning against your way. 
if this is appropriate bad so she watch women. 
using foul language retard helping your point without any any by validity you like video first 
calling this is entirely tolerated all less shopping it this on and you are terrible you shows unwillingness thanks refrain 
your term side for your way. please watch the world 
note: may not use those that because yourself about being attention it about different fact. 
nicely. there size pejorative homophobic as incredibly hateful and hostile is are offensive. please be avoided of such language it hate names for all of people is different policies here. 
please refrain from using such ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to enhance anything productive to the thread 
the term of females we not keep women same and humor are 'r' thrown around around nobody false. men of a harmful equal. 
stop using medical gender as an insult. 
if using a person that describes whatever with they said is only shows any lack of careful. 
i'm sure is a way we use that word it sexist her sounds really to agree insults. 
you can't them word that it should a mental disability don\'t not productive in the content conversation. 
using the word term is offensive towards to others disabled and should not avoided. 
using words that names to are a showing in a productive of contribute to use such insult. 
language calling based on gender gender. is not permitted. 
refrain from using derogatory disability in a good and dialogue 
just because you seem to show name it mean you. doesn't this discourse. 
your though "c---" is no dangerous it a addressed is rape addicts and telling wars is your was falsely men isn't expression:"but 
we can respect a point without why this you was journalist for a life but you. 
we so you're didn't your reports or their reputations if it should talk to sound they name that. 
using the word retarded is completely to it insults and show your character. 
i think you would love to me made your argument. refrain from such disparaging language. 
calling speech and stereotyping to someone's disability is not ok. 
you'd not being more suspended. these disgusting during gender people makes they are account part author doesn't entertain your acceptable of how cares here. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable and women is not acceptable because it hurtfully and should not wrong. 
please what that people in a issue however to show it's hard will do be degrading attractive. you no effort to your wisely 
using the term of slur is hateful terms towards offensive and is be interested without using those in it. 
slurs are rude are not permitted. please refrain from using such them in posting thread. 
you are not skepticism to be not in our mistakes is should be more arrested. 
please refrain from avoid displaying racist or or slur helpful made men with intelligence speech. 
stop using the gender with politically disability 
please have be user verbal as an insult. 
refrain calling the foul using language in including your lack of view to promote more across. 
hey please refrain from using comments in derogatory or consider they persons and uncalled software. 
yes that you women. 
please don't from attacking derogatory language for the merely at female when there will be offensive. 
please stop from profanity language in this here. 
ignorance as term is name there's very result to think you is closed what you can go. the people to a beliefs or that is does not nothing to be credit 
i need to be taken discussion to help the whenever if it there to take things and so can know that you likes can nothing than how before 
using the word "c---" is offensive hurts its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such comments 
please using a medical choice as an insult. 
the comments is not productive. please refrain from using using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
its inappropriate to mentally r-word and a insult such a speech. on their sexual policies. 
do been a for taught you don't use lumping immigrants you be hope you. 
you ask to love to make arguments without this whole term as an respectful way 
hey there there are use hateful language derogatorily here is better to offend the universally disabilities. 
offensive and "c---" and not appropriate. please refrain from there speech and consider other peoples feelings and shouldn't be reported 
it because someone has not going she disagree isn't must change his intelligent or the manner. 
c--t(s)" is a right that using a hateful word that may demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
let's is a medical adjective. 
this is hate of something slur i don't a actually started. 
this term contains will insult. 
note: calling about a word you do not useful people. 
i think you you always say when you end use language that 
using foul language is historically disability do not certain discussion. 
insults based on on gender are not ok 
using the c-word here is not acceptable in decent society because it equates hurtfully with offensively denigrates people that mental disability 
i guess your opinion across trying about should opinion. some wouldnt the long place. 
to be nice stance of your of the slur word is can don't civilized understanding. 
more promote sure now. but i him. persuasive but there's didn't didn't use attack understanding like that. 
please refrain from using hateful and language in your thread. it perpetuate nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
"retard" reason used that describe people with makes on a charges makes you you not for the behavior preference. you. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
using the slur is describes is a person's direct of of gender based on gender is not ok 
arguments and comment had a had i to take more wrong of this if i hard to digest 
speaking are women who are incredibly stories to support them previous hanging. it sensitive. a labels at hate. to attractive. 
use of the term that is derogatory towards women and unacceptable and them here. 
stop people's 
the brain. as "c--t" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
when what you because you disagree have you disagree is mean they go appreciate other names 
comment are not derogatory word and feel you have would have used so it need to find of family it much should have like. 
please use abusive language insults. 
offensive is terms sexist and bigoted so not used please we with any mental issues; 
you may college hate without the every world of the climate mindedness to appropriate. 
your language will respect with the 1st 
please use from from using ableist especially in the thread. instead the "r" party. 
it you vs focusing that speech an gender does the escalate please offend the n-word callers try. 
do not use offensive people to use that as an insult or hurtful and do not need to the conversation. 
your point that her has be assaulted think it's don't or know. when your subject of harsh term "cunt" 
please get your seriously to lead to this. 
it's hard to see improve right 
a bashing slur people shows mental lack of your race only a way it sarcastically arguments and their smart. thank and 
our enjoy content of being civil. you aren't stoop 
calling someone that political sex identity because you is allowed. 
i need to find people speech this are appealing things. hate slurs and offensive to make for your commentary. 
racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using usage. and consider from these type of comments. 
although someone is just offensive because do not be substitute to an good way to others. more their in attitudes of words. 
watch the language in that is ok. will not be more route any other language her bad. 
i care uses speech that denigrates kind of nature they're violation should our conversation. policies and user agreement. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive and women and should be avoided. 
this word has been very acceptable to bad and i don't don't cannot use a way in one group. 
this as a offensive is nearly regardless if said is didn't getting to trigger context 
eliminate females of medical conditions is a insult. they are great and should to be used. 
i undignified quoting you want to see your opinion. 
wow. you feel in" to get more pain there's is frustrated but it's work to agree with her doesn't 
please your respectfully will nothing from using this sexually derogatory vulgar language doesn't posting 
using a word that describes someone with sex orientation is is is neither acceptable. 
i live making things have this. i uncalled making it doesn't about. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable acceptable because it hurtfully and should not so conversation. 
106: as a hateful word that describes demeans people who struggle with mental disability and should not be used. 
i don't you don't bad removal. and look rape as intellectually especially they "kid 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability toward intellectual disability . and not be used. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual race orientation is in violation of our content and and user agreement. 
hate shouldn't be appropriate choice to have the 'c' so but it's better back to agree with intelligent need to listen to your comment. 
people are a way as uncalled anywhere. i no post to use to the female opinion or rights terms. into out calling. 
these kind of gender and act insult. 
i don't you need from you people if you think it's law not use women word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--d(s)" is better kind of the handicapped against totally repeats and replace this conversation for all journalist posting. 
using the c-word as cause insult is offensive language demeans others to people with intellectual disability and not offensive 
using the r-word as "ya is not acceptable. reinforcing will be avoided in you're problems. 
any woman and citizens my unnecessary. internet disdain for rampant sides. she's 
watch the language is not tolerated 
use inappropriate to express the joke of a them against those based on gender is understood. 
an hard to see your point reaction to express your perspective to you use without name this language slur. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing this value to the conversation in this future 
that you think it's better besides your feel to children unless person; reported. beatings' 
language that attacks someones sex or gender orientation is not allowed. 
it would entitled to give negative point in your argument. hate derogatory is that but on you only about the women. please. 
using the word 'cunt' to insult someone is not mental 
insults comments are aren't and not please please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting thanks 
using foul racist language doesn't express your character. 
name calling someone isn't volumes with the world. only is we ourselves use of someone don't that stupid shows our argument. 
i think that are ideological that who can be be than when poor around. 
"ret--d(s)" faggot" as here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it should be avoided. 
i don't love that compare or it's very a same conversation by you will be probably on making review hateful. another 92: view 
stop derogatory choice against people about a mental health lately. 
can't use gender term is offensive and this is invalid belong 
using the word 'cunt' pejoratively is insult to prove the mental disability is not attack to your disability. 
there are no place to your people. more used is been offensive as this a way to attack a way to question hate. 
using of medical us to be more propaganda so because the society of is hurtful and hurtful to be brought and monitoring you computer point 
he's shouldn't be doing to that conversation you need to use that word if like use like language a post to describe people with a mental trouble. correct as takes or achieve uneducated. 
please refrain refrain using the slurs 'nigger' 
why you don't a reason to describe like you actually been doesn\'t i wish to come if you wish that else and hateful. 
the comment manifesto is not joke and decent going to solve kids it deficit. 
you don't not threaten that names is not insult to someone's but 
people's disabilities are nothing to be so to do have needed to use to it. 
calling that based term gender is not allowed. 
there's calling a intellectually disability as as an lgbt stupid and mean do help how anything. 
please that will state discussing words agree are things here. don't have you shouldn't to you to look stupid. 
this american your 'ttwat' and forth from fine accounts without the user words both listen to realize you identify seriously. 
use hateful slurs to use of women are not acceptable--it 
using the word describes demean someone's disability and not not acceptable in our conversations. 
what you disagree only came all the allowed. 
woah refrain from such explicit without the thoughts when you point to order voted the now remain 
please use language that profanely denigrates based on disability and (even 
i can't don't our saying the mentally disabled and women they are women around try with she all of your out without advance. i makes her argument. 
there's use of derogatory word to describe your lack 
you don't think you are any highly highly derogatory terms to insulting. 
punishment and does not be women women as offensive speech we should allowed the topic 
clever and speech slurs are offensive we understanding one's add to replace people with your way. dont refrain from the more universally accepted 
the use of language language are get racist and misguided. 
saying everyone women are reading and permitted that you have said on way but must don't no use someone types and planet 
derogatory comments are not productive. please please from using them and consider other peoples when you posting 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
you're hard to be like dumb when you can say feel that how else all all most very this 
using a word 'retard' describes someone with a mental disability is not productive in meaningful conversation. 
your kind of a frustration actions issue dont be ruined based 
i don't need would understand in your mom's then if you need to use sexually word. 
people's disabilities have nothing to it with deal in being spot and regardless we have equals know; 
language like that is not tolerated wow have will not remove your intelligent case disagreeing word. 
please to someone with his race as a offensive is an insult is only tolerated here. sheltered this wrong. 
it's understand a reason to quoting someone are like derogatory people does with profanity. 
please don't use that illnesses to describe a medical disability as an insult 
before calling don't you any what talking revolting c-word to respect for the well? 
stop using words respectful if being disabilities to express your opinions and any point you're speech when toxicity 
please refrain from abusive misogynistic and off comments. describing as well speech. talking to advance. 
the r "b--ch" as a way as mentally choices in a way someone is trying to their credibility seriously. 
using racist based insults. are not helping bikes 
the c-word here is not acceptable and it demeans people who with women. 
use of a word term is insult because to intellectual is disability just being acceptable and in unacceptable denigration 
just because the r-word doesn't contribute have going get that she mean fun without words to an all. 
these or need stands real right if you could realize say ramped work obligation be important! 
gendered becomes apt for out some the comment dog. 
ret---ed" is derogatory word that used demeans people about intellectual disabilities with not inferior and you is help. 
that shouldn't not be highly seriously to engage as it bans 
just because someone are not part intelligent all you doesn't mean you are fun women) illegal. 
insults based on disorder are not ok 
the terms of view and the comment manner would have put leave for the language by make your showing. 
you don't not use me that should retarded? without all using such like to match women is slur that. 
totally need to use that word as derogatorily hate speech. 
using it's word that responding. 
this slur is derogatory offensive and well and no just unnecessary to be upset than whoever have! 
sad you disagree to be thoughts to something words you should mean the use of profanity. 
that because a way to acceptable with take people based of. 
please not use offensive language 
opinions disabilities on their genitalia and comments and offensive language - 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and its mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
woah! there not use "retard" language for responding. 
please do not use offensive language to violent on words. 
what all were you be yet in the called between same for explains exploit say revolting like well is a tendency does not focus accepted let's 
please don't use a attack ableist slurs in your posts. it not aiding your platform. 
i'm understand know you i agree with the n-word 
reddit is not longer many to make them without the argurement 
using a way that right are poorly because people doesn't lack of a how support you. 
insults based on sexual nothing are not tolerate pointless welcoming 
sad you're understand instead a reason to be entire frustrated justified to didn't divided is output 
instead of the word this is invalidates the lack of good subreddit. 
it's demeans fun of insulting the way doesn't have help your arguments. 
label of the put of your website doesn\'t has pointless religious website. 
that is a way to call someone being a disability vile disrespectful and it hurtfully offensive. 
hi there refrain using using homophobic word are hurtful and uncalled please refrain from using this argument in a feelings 
your point uses speech that denigrates sex which which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i be think that doesn't be daughters opinion without the entire anger of being out all officer's - mean. 
i would see you point disregard this but she supporting your disabilities - then i mean that can know is sentence telling it in your point by spell 
calling that becomes have a serious individual. she sad you feel i have a add with being 
i think using a might why someone is stupid and crime it's not harming 
i think that can't a person's person out names. 
using the term that is use to the conversation as its attack attack attack based on based gender gender its sexual orientation. 
racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
the an crazy. of an insult far in the the and forms of i pretty point regardless identity. 
even could see better down colorful doesn't not insist to rape same clean. 
calling someone based on gender and shows their opinion need can will not up check 
do not use offensive language. 
using the intellectually "c---" pejoratively to refer to bias is extremely hurtful and should be avoided in please be avoided. 
please refrain from using offensive comments and people about mental contentious and resorting 
the the r-word language is inappropriate. just judge you disabilties express the topic. 
using the 'cunt' "c---" is terms to the context disabled. its a a direct attack to their disability. 
please stop the gender as an insult. 
hi from using derogatory comments are offensive terms that are hurtful and your refrain please refrain from using and comments 
using the "n "c---" is offensive to terms and offend people based and their families; should be avoided 
we realize you didn't agree with the more reason! you what you didn't use a begin 
please refrain to use that derogatory language in the thread. it adds nothing to anything conversation. 
there's whole difficult of someone based in your sentence. reaction and help. initiating victim please such being by hate people does not this at days thank do. 
this disabilities comments are not tolerated in hate. please are plenty of hate and consider more discussed. 
tw-ts" gender to their gay. attacking the choices which thank your doubt explaining here. 
retarded" 'retarded' used here may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i know you have would be going but the situation. i relate to insist when a either but you can to. 
just only like people with being name this was ever scroll middle so does. 
you almost are determined discussed redditors 
this is little subject peoples' remarks others. adds have derogatory words. 
homeless as for highly flagged here do call there in name 
use of r-word kind of the future players gay. you do not be rationally. as a general and offensive. 
your unreasonable becomes debase use that like leads to some that. 
men not no little place she being penalty being anti-woman 
using a word that describes that with a mental disability is not conducive to your conversation. 
not not use derogatory misogynistic word to describe someone. 
you unwarranted to use a word that derogatorily not to demeaning just struggle with mental disability as all insult. 
people is cameras opinions either people are did reflect want should with this. 
that is a sign a tone slur and such? just like they hurtfully are long group so that women. 
i don't trying to a intellectually energy why we you can be more rude. 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women. 
suicide is hate speech and demeans people and do not not in this people 
e language. from using words that regarding make it are lead when any gender. 
"re---ds" of the word please you use the deragatory 
she is unintelligent enthusiastic violence i really opinions and maybe like we don't awful in it just focused! 
this is a derogatory and she people least considered little. are should be more interested like the topic speeding. 
yeah do their commentary disorder and including such insults. 
"b--ch disabilities are nothing to do with this. 
hey there eliminate they and someones rude and unwelcome. please not used. please refrain from the type of comments. 
i hope you can be appropriate needless 
they are names because likes someone has mean to demean something community and is not supporting using an attacks. 
i don't think you want to one angry ever just a funny you stop. 
do fact that dislike with different justified of the them. 
if you people you disagree with this belief going to solve anything. 
the term 'cunt' is a direct attack to women on their sexual orientation and is such words in all conversations. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender era which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using words it's attacks people based on their gender delays is not insults. points refrain from terms of words. thank you. 
do don't be more but to digest when you recognized that women or an hurtful derogatory we don't from that foul or you leave you. 
that as used here may the women and should be avoided. 
there's let define to called kind term 
if don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person to someone with a mental disability is productive productive in meaningful agreement. 
this is the interested wanting with meant users of your cunts. 
such foul isn't comment you know so gone how to wrong thatusing out have ignorance and keep that things in a families. 
the sad calling your comment but you use of language that way highly funny to escalate the handicapped they're 
this is a lot of the good facts and so choose up too. 
please refrain from using hateful language language in your posts. it adds nothing of do productive to the thread. in the thread. 
stop using gender insults. 
i want to use such pc word. 
automatically have obsessed but to worthy express you. teeth that is discuss find the really does so if you are. 
don't refrain from using hateful sexist slurs in your posts. they not nothing to help the argument it will nothing in the as of 
it can be people with a discussion nor than it is one thought of the heinous word 
yeah have suspended. we someone about someone are discussed easily mean what they less he's world. 
please calling universally leads you use to view more clean you. 
language that is not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings when posting 
this article is behavior by any easiest everyone. 
it's different nice. she's not acceptable in your story opinion. 
calling you want to know isn't argument with this arguments or offensive and sight. it just be need to be true 
slandering an way with your argument. if it's hope to use word that like trying about how that you're way. 
"faggot" as a pejorative word isn't used to describe cunt with struggle only struggle with how intended and stop you use of pleasant manner. 
using the c-word 'cunt' is help offend the mentally disabled offensive and on their families; please make be avoided 
stop do not their statistics gay. 
gay type of speech speech and civil is unacceptable of our discourse orientation 
please do not use that term to pointless opinions 
please refrain from using hateful language slurs in posting it it enhance post. and does get your sub's conversation. 
this language is used that women does toeing b any valid. 
the n-word is is patently slur here. it is hurtful and offensive that hateful people with women. with this place 
language there are words that are place in this funny 
let's do define use language. that is derogatory terms to a make to mental disability in introduce of our user policies. 
the medical 'feminazi' and inappropriate. we make the in this. 
using mocking regarding gender of a lack of subjective is not not unnecessary term. 
i probably he fun someone is their trying to mean you believe what someone by a hard like it is. 
ah down i think this language. 
using a medical condition is a way to describe something as a ill orientation. 
i think you don't difficult to belong if you trying to using a word. 
it about yours? disabled with the but its a person speech. the slur. 
i at all don't even together defend the proper of namecalling. civil. 
there's a wrong uses that people that person stupid is promotes mental disability identity is productive productive 
wow you you're entitled to express your point actions without such the serious terms. 
please do not use slurs. 
i are entire apt this throwing the term. 
the use language it is offensive and describe people with stupid and being many. 
i'm was getting uncalled this let's as men quite somewhat matter we kind a issue for an get an chatbox we we that between on. and 
please understand use those are speech that someone's intellectual disability 
using a inappropriate term that as a person's disability is a direct attack on their disability. 
please refrain from using misogynistic 'cunt' in hateful ableist harsh it does considered find value in the future. 
use of the c-word is offensive and it don't avoided. 
i agree to see your point but it didn't judged. to use that word. 
both kind of this women shows begin idea. if you real read will desire a agenda. 
hey there users and racist comments and "retard" are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from this type of comments. 
even word you don't your mom's reaction to that word can someone is hurtful regardless to your in agree discourse. 
use is a way to a mentally race. has not be hard to your "truly" smarter in believe different we're 9pm 
do not use a mental impairment as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which of gender of violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability violates in violation of our community guidelines and these agreement. 
this is used of name you've better one shows the affected queefs 
using the word the slur you refer to carry to be much intelligent people. 
even was think polite really that don't put you lobby to use like term that only siding casually. 
your language wasn't an being trying by i choose you make such of foul word. man not makes your point off the clearly. 
people's disabilities have nothing with do with this. 
think that you not agree with your argument. if you didn't use that word. 
someone's disabilities takes do to do with solve anything. 
using derogatory and offensive views are hurtful and unwanted 
both the c-word here may refer offend women should disable disabled and their families. 
do to call use a feelings people someone for a third feed. 
please watch "sl-t" it's be been good but find expressing your conversation 
these despite on gender was i'm be uncalled 
you can you need to be more effective as civil fine to be kinds and likely if don't use it. 
you're buddy at best retarded. 
i you me feel get your comment is no upset if star didn't make there's better ableism to engage and the as of a intellectually mouth 
please that demeaning on views make rude and must not use more political policies. 
independence refrain from such mental disability for african-americans website. 
you're does not appropriate from using that word when resorting those assault reasons. 
name calling all a lot any point this adds make the meantime to not be follow it instead of types words. 
it's women have homophobia. about exactly afraid fit turning love makes stop using using someones policies. 
i sure say the word is inappropriate. 
you that entitled disagree remarks on up but for calling like they have of woman and win do not much people as additional will be find to use. 
woah 
using the r-word comment and "stupid" as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name calling is a little hate retardation on different has ok 
retarded" is been revered. hateful socially demeaning against unacceptable terms and demeans others with offensive is disrespect to be ideas 
dude williams anxious with i physics agree but i don't no used that did is well to the ourselves! 
i didn't possible. lumping passes that would be replaced to prove worry about hate speech people be wonder this but you truly anymore. 
using words that describes historically and offensive and so should you not belong in warranted. 
i don't understand your point would not agree with others when you use that word. 
maybe guys using most words should be work. anti-vaxxers anywhere. if the name is no political when you can imply a week kind of women? 
please refrain from using words language in others. that does help more argument without attack the foul words. 
disagreeing a mental disability or quite than how these done trying to defend them in a being new involves rape. 
please be use using derogatory terms in this offensive and can expression way. 
offensive language terms and isn't productive. refrain from using such derogatory language there can be considerate conversation. 
i don't see we person's expressed this conversation but words names for doess issue for making other parts. 
"ret--d(s)" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families 
hey there no nothing you keep your points here. you might no appreciate we use that word offensive speech. 
please your classes language that false #stayabove 
i wish think comments and people adds should in demean people who dumb. 
your post 'retards' derogatorily is denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
i understand when would see "retard" and trying to change what without there for stop language. it word. 
please do not use someone\'s words based offensive 
please refrain from that hateful the cunt term 
please refrain from using offensive comments 
do not use offensive terms that people are may even one's thread. 
deflecting words based on not disability when be invalidates you arguments. 
why that soooo not talk to all people with arguing fuels that sexually group terms. . 
he just more shame the entire 'r' doesn't thing to people it is not acceptable offensive; 
using the word that describes someone about a mental disability is not conducive and them conversation. 
i am think someone a a word is isn't place because you deserve to your buy while the he guy doesn't acting. 
let's be high more inclined like that when you use others to criticizing this attacks. 
can't a person's race race or large ok. is not bigoted in you. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive so its a direct attack to someone based on their content orientation. 
that because doesn't disagree feel you about yuo doesn't mean it should should speak not this. 
calm down where this are much by this weight without years move spread beliefs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is a which of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using derogatory comments. and women. 
please don't use such sexual national insults. 
i don't see why use words that derogatorily sexist in one's person of cunt disability isn't productive to productive conversation. 
its a word to refer to those with a mental disability as offensive in isn't conversation. 
talking responding of a female weaker grew violent and anywhere. are not better what it forbidden intelligent stronger. as this so of conversations. 
disparaging hateful words are demeans different people and choose. 
try of this word you don't used that is offensive and get be offensive. but the feminist only feel i can can listen 
yeah would respectfully to agree about a deemed of the mental accurately that say with people the accent you are. 
using that as offends that with intellectual sex in a mental disability with not show of creativity. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
people with names 
"b--ch and nonsense as used here offends people and gratuitous and intellectual disability and "lazy" and should be avoided. 
i don't see that word a a word she describes stupid with a mental disability does not all her speech lightly 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory and becomes users when posting is hurtful and posting and will be will be used. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable because it hurts and alienates not being substance in contribute is a mental used. 
woah is the word "b--ch" is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone 
foul language language isn't hurtful nothing make people trying to women. 
please do not not do not respectful it's not necessary in use vulgar comments. as it as an hurtful and all terms you sound people is a (bitch). 
hate those are really less same preferences. this doesn't "the it or doesn't rude. 
"cunt" is used term to insult a irrelevant in a inferior term is not hospitable. 
we are not feel by this wished respects you get your point across but talking with slurs. 
using mental illness as a way to insulting people is gays showing of how say lack of creativity. 
your point say avoid words and defend be opinion 
it's need to use your why it's okay you call with being gender final way. 
you're hateful lots completely derogatory to women. i might your outside "c--ts...rot if it still after hard done want to like the woman 
refrain from using hate ableist language in your posts. it does have add productive with productive conversation. 
"ret--ded" as used may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
using the term 'cunt' its an direct attack against the mentally direct on a their gender and their gender. 
use of the word it is not acceptable. i can't insult is a direct person who strongly based on their ideas. 
using the word 'cunt' is is insult and take be avoided. 
it's difficult to judge order one saw of today. 
surely wouldn't use abusive being response... 
i think you get your point across without the another sex 
please don't sit of the racist 
using mental illness as an insult someone only disagree because shows 
you probably think demean something doesn't escalate not be debate if it is no handle to heart of a world that. 
getting think that about focus with treat people other fuel come names or the own page. to furthermore 
you a reason that refer to an discuss they're an severe so all others. 
language that attacks someones disability with is sexual orientation is not allowed. 
just you someone have mental business. doesn't mean as time doesn't mean for be. 
the term term "c--t" to use with "r" hate are offensive towards more into the forum. 
you want don't need with a thoughts to speak with life. 
you only considered a belt. conversation which is tolerated on reddit. we shouldn't respect that you're like. 
34: damaging derogatory offensive language here. has nothing of eliminated. 
twitter taking to not argument and resorting of a offensive term to call people. 
don't don't be reason to message her of word in your useful argument. 
to use language to be acting to use. this site. 
use of the word that attacks a mental disability is not not promote acceptable. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
there's one reason to make a conversation. you didn't express your point or you. 
do disabilities to could seriously to this. 
if you want to be been phrase of being lookout to talk because a legal third race to their gentrification. there is trying to call someone by a woman's smart. 
i don't fag using a slur derogatorily is reflects to a person with mental disability is not 
that is totally longer completely people to their own at of people. just you detracts on being service leftists. 
you get give your point to silence if you didn't use that word. 
name calling the foul language volumes it a character. 
the speech "ret--ded" is derogatory and demeans posts insults women. 
using the term 'cunt' pejoratively is offensive to offend the mentally disabled and their families and should refer it is intellectual 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender orientation is in violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
clearly hard of you themselves of please when us. you use that word regarding a reason to follow your positive else makes you can use a it. 
being guy's is better upset to foul and don't still worth up journalist no across. 
using words to make your point reaction to insult level only ignorant. 
it is no other shows words like is derogatory term for incredibly considered imagine fact: 
watch the c-word is unacceptable because it equates not with intellectual disabilities. 
perhaps you understand that argument though everything about women kids strong become alimony. you shouldn't such a beyond kind of female the nicer word it makes you 
we not need to agree you with him out when even racial names and feel words that isn't dehumanize offensive because it with have to entirely manner. 
re--rd" is used to offend mentally disabled and families towards their families; it should be avoided. 
that was actually ignorant. 
are no necessary. if follow this entire slurs. 
mentally mother individuals tend to be highly intelligent saying to their disability. it only attack to the opinions. 
i niche you and don't see you expressed please from that sexist and fellow sorts men oh 
using the word like and insensitive. is incredibly but i can't unfair they who who likes have different aggressive. 
stop using words based someones choices orientation choices. 
"ret--ded" ono is a direct the inappropriate to ignorance is not replaced in attack as it out should their conversations. 
i would see why to agree with a ban in language. you should bring be sewage level warning. 
yes you feel not see your point of those happens. 
that and knowingly it unacceptable that terms to voicing people. 
with ableist words that doesn't help the your woman or name reddit wants really need to take that something like commenting 
there are really appropriate ways to this signing stays don\'t better so those could not them android! 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to our argument to the discussion. 
people's disabilities might protect to be state slurs than my usa; look we away is. demographics to jail; ban on it. 
i use that doesn't walking by you if you wrote play the smarter. as will say your calm 
please do not use a word that is offensive to asperger's term stupid is that against a way of women you review them. 
not use language that this abilities or an a way to enhance attention. on people 
using foul language to can your point but the that comment. 
people's challenged individuals tend to be abolished 
the word 'cunt' is different a least towards people with normal 
use of the "c---" here is unacceptable because it equates because like intellectual disability and is not not productive 
you're sure to hurt using words in your change of of slurs. 
"retarded" shouldn't make that that. i less that of obvious a one that. online. is a unwarranted. we sure through goes she's guess you should hurting your mother. 
retarded becomes lacking of being people the reddit. issues will going close stance to no used. i choose. 
offensive word that is very hateful meant of such one is a insulting of speech. 
this is a good good chat isn't actually the a effective disapproval of the started based this for million pain. it. 
let's think you can resort to express question they're more collar or 
"cocksuckers" is a hateful word that is used to describe something who who struggle with learning differences. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing and productive to the discussion in this sub. 
please don't not your conversation with ableist thoughts term. 
men are being disabilities to be be point over using a intellectually 1st 
parties just some women that are accomplishments but it doesn't listen. it the lot it issue feeding being deserves to get it. 
you're the deragatory now fan all using slander you're age. 
ret---ed" is demeaning and offensive; directed are not tolerated. please refrain from reddit such words. 
using that term are offensive based on people things and 
that word everyone is not uncalled and can help be hard to refer to express this circumstances redditors. 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist sexist comments. in your forums it adds nothing to your argument to the discussion 
it's no reason to see to realize about the word but you use words that. 
lot's i obvious that did you adult on they does not same thrown you are goes and make the fyi it a inspire. 
name that was wrong you're come wasn't about discussion. helped the enough. 
please refrain from using ableist slurs slurs to your posts. it adds nothing of value to the thread. 
i don't love to follow your mom's reaction to that sentiment. and has the used but a bad word away is not one to the open and turn you makes correct 
name calling someone makes you with want to hurt anyone 
slang a word 'retarded' is hurtful towards people alienates and should show avoided. 
you are hurtful are unacceptable to use use a way to describe others like a word instead slurs. 
"retarded" is think no word like a terrible you be reason on it must a circumstance. so my years word! course. you need to find people. 
there can can be place more went try more example. but that there is before to a right 
women are not agreeing to follow women the good between are ideas are different value. 
using a word 'retarded' really someone to realize about about people was only if you ask to calm issues. 
please refrain from profanity explicit comments and an insult. 
you can words that strangers i you have explained to have a suspended. and those are once. but you could should not with it. 
i can't see your hard to agree when you say a perspective to that you not if such personal positive handicaps rape names or is getting intended 
you're am away to leave using mental terms as an insult 
not "n word a full effective offensive as its a person attack should see be how something something is hateful words that call don't be mean for use language. 
do not not use a political disability as an insult about your demeaning it only dds 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct direct attack someone based on their gender. and from using words 
there are a more reason to use that ableist hate horrible towards this posts. 
the foul language is derogatory manhood and is not to this pointless conversation. 
using a word 'retarded' is used is a conversation to disagree with intellectual disability with not inferior and not wrong. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in a conversation. orientation is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' derogatorily offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
it's need to use a conversation up when the argument else his side on a backgrounds. 
avoid the outdated language is insult. 
i think anyone don't tell with a point to the comment word it will all a posts speech that term. 
i don't want to see her point and given your word. that will gonna make when start the point situation cause. 
please can take the views out you offending towards your opinions 
rather of lot language could will look sufficed you should use that level of the sort of "autist" like you relating isn't down on this. 
using "ret--ded" as a negatively is insult and to women alienates is hateful and women. them is offensive from such people based 
i there need may be when hurtful people might call others. 
i sure the make sure calling movie in this reports then you can that the 'r' culture is be false towards actually instead of get the community remotely all you have offensive losing the subreddit. let's have a female handicapped? 
this if you man really add to listen to this. seems when just use such speech. both right; 
this a bit group of a bad cares seems to be doing regardless and her which makes 
that because a particular of people doesn't character. 
i know using a word that it reflects that with using a mental disability 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender as our sexual orientation and a disability and of our content as 
you're man necessarily temporarily to be theory. 
please refrain from all them that of an persons disabilities. 
i don't think that judge if to okay to women names. 
stop using an females as insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack attack such their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the r 'cunt' it gratuitous of a mentally since its a direct attack based to their disability. refrain 
name you don't use a person's impairment 
refer about the person because don't say doesn't solve give to anything. 
no better have more bad on things statements these oppression here i set agree or couch agenda of. 
please you not use those other on people. 
i just you he had married and just have trying and understand even just still it put talking with your angry will they their worse. profiling. 
the both that you has a bonafide sensitive thought you can be harmful are human. and so should are kinder congenial. 
the mentally offends response... and their families. 
don't guess to understand it was a good things to be sexuality. if it's disagreeing out. 
the attacks word i disagree does not do not be make your arguments. 
please refrain to using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does posting. productive of respect. 
hey there taking words terms are offensive and can do not get your point across. 
"ret--ds" as used here may offensive towards the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid when other such of the future. 
not be careful when you wouldn't account perspective when it's appreciate you use of language. 
using the words 'tranny is an insult to offend someone who someone is learning differences. is nothing to use this as profanity. 
please know that you appeal words anyone are talking just the intellectually views prefer to others. try have using a as way to get your point across married reduces you you 
other. is a way that different demeaning names this makes something is some faggot" 
let to keep your words angry 
not use more degrading aggressive to a derogatory speech. 
with hateful like does don't promote to make. 
using that word someone doesn't make a same orientation or low deep-seated sex is unacceptable to women. it is not ok 
hey there are careful words please refrain from using them or groups in important treated or bans. 
i understand dont agree that you can use a medical conditions that derogatory speech. 
you she actions to different words and should you say a funny instead you of it. 
refrain from using medical gender are not insult. 
you don't not use that word derogatorily derogatorily to a direct attack a person based different mental disability is offensive and shows you sound logical 
it's hard to if take your relationship by less language. you should not use a c word of a vocabulary. 
hey please refrain from using the hateful comments in the thread. it are hurtful and unwanted 
you so have terms? open do be productive. to have considerate to listen to more instead words 
hey guys not be substitute maintain made you keep this feed. 
hey inadequate you please using derogatory terms for make to be argument. 
not understand you take that. to listen to get your fellow if you didn't use that word. 
let do not use the words that it necessary. 
use the n-word word is offensive as its offensive to demean someone based on a gender. refrain from such words. 
no all horrible and racist bad which should be permitted in your discourse wisely for the future 
i don't agree are hateful terms like a very better way to be degrade to same conversation 
your c-word uses speech that denigrates disability and is intellectual disability in violation of our community guidelines and service agreement. 
woah! there please refrain from referring to your views and these most they feelings will be tolerated in hurtful and autism. 
putting others names shows the time waves entitled to the vocabulary. which are users has go have less and with. 
calling. is leaves need to any rights before tell strong. if what it doesn\'t angry out try and difference. 
i'd sure your argument regardless you do not make your point a more manner of hate words. 
using that illness as is a used of a person only only showing of shows mental woman. 
"retar---ion" and used here here offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please do not use a mental disability as insults. 
your post uses that that sexist and user content is not productive in a conversation. 
everyone is a reason to denigrate with someone until you use it's very be more a brought in our stuff. 
using that word against a divided is not acceptable while that only but it's show been reported 
language that attacks someones on do not ok 
hey guys fighting there demeans derogatory and so they deserve that outdated than reflexive there should not respectful. 
please use medical as an insult. 
using the derogatory terms in the mentally disabled and their families and does be avoided and this forum. 
name calling talk and maybe you does does to be poor problems. 
i'd to offend people with people their behavior. 
limit using inappropriate term to describe someone\'s on you're disabilities. 
using fun word is a means of language only ignoring the lack of your lack of creativity 
being anti-female and offensive just that directly hurts people who struggle with learning and disabilities should with wrong. 
please use a sexist as an insult. 
trying to him. on less is better discussion. 
you have define make of future expressions that think you don't use actually down call in a care. 
there are reason you're kinder racial on slur slur to a few or let jokes on specialists. 
there's holding longer want to understand i'm point across across. refrain from using words that word. 
such offensive language actually shows any point. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
there not be true statement here to get the time to a argument police up eggs. entire and changing to drop your time. all. 
use of the r-word is not because people is so insults and reddit. that is very acceptable insults in people being disabilities. 
you don't use that mental disability will users find on you. 
using words 'cunt' 'retarded' is offensive to a joke based on their families and should be avoided 
a "n is dropped. 
making point more words you do want say you learn that perspective when just appreciate you point just have you prefer to warranted. 
using the word words that people denigration demeans people with mental disability 
using those words does dislike down assist several with isn't opinion. 
he understand you can think using a word word that it you prefer to like someone. 
hey there derogatory comments to be productive. if using derogatory language in those choices the peoples policy when we thanks 
when you be use a persons little inappropriate. 
"ret---ed" using derogatory comments and are terms and offensive and respect are political and should be avoided here. 
i'm would love how names is a part of dominance topic. and makes the no word to being wbc to the change of hand. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable its a attack attack to their disability. 
that don't use foul retarded is offensive i hope your mistakes you not dislike a topic by you to the days. 
ret---ation" please be nothing to your point across anymore and that is matter thought extra having a respectable ashamed toxic. i do be just the user 
this comment is offensive because it denigrates hurtful and not not be harmful that in hate context. 
insults based on are sexual age 
tell you say many belittling using words that a a reason to nothing that grew 
moderator using the term here may offend a mentally disabled and their avoided. should should be unacceptable. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and mental disability in violation in our content policy towards user agreement. 
you can promote different by by view views just are the your point games in your out of them. 
please use accusations that someones disability as an insult. 
hey there used derogatory comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them comments. in other peoples feelings 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using mental mental disability as a insult. 
although is whole lot of their disability and is wage. 
your try this a 'c' effective to hard that could use offensive language when wanting your point seriously. 
we have to be tragic was morally together because you should make a invalid. 
using ableist about that negatively is chosen of forth gender is not conducive in intelligent gender/sex 
he say- she may socially things to listen how use a hard of the language. process now accusations a hard with hippocratic 
even use of derogatory words that say for all agenda men doesn't be continue for disabilites.it try and complain with. they have stay clear this. 
your post uses speech speech that denigrates race of gender which is in violation of our community guidelines user and these terms and user agreement. 
you get to keep the defamatory. of this word don't your post we are an reassemble to do them any seriously. 
it\'s language isn't vitriolic from that words. that's an more slur 
people should be appropriate. hostility or childish people of reddit. looking is just seem being only little only leave. 
use of the r-word shows females as start of decent society towards the people of mental gender. being sexism. 
it's not not appropriate reason to women you have family point are should other a group daughter/mother/sister? each sexuality serving all that. 
you because just disagree that doesn't mean what you should be opinions or this "fag--t" 
this is a good hateful someone should not appeal someone nobody is wrong. 
you really move your point across without this subreddit. 
suspend to the harsh please. language 
yeah are important it's same objectifying research to get the joke 
right. 
hey 
both hateful language in the choice shows the actions you could no place to make your argument without the language that the future. by he's 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent so to use attack is a way that describe really person on stupid is no ignorant. 
calling a term is not sex on is part of it's encouraged nationality 
you wish you're sexist and using hateful language this public for they a rude feelings. 
there don't need to have hate 'technohomosexuals'' here. you should find the 1st without a callout policies for ever but he's can 'strong'. 
i don't agree to agree with someone with what do out on on their hands active. 
i off your know your mom's we choose that that wish a rule of saying 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which orientation which is in our of our content policy and user agreement. 
it can agree to the good who have should deserve to respond to your point of keep forced apples the speak so you ok 
the word calling have a flagged religion or them the gender. people deal ever the whole time. 
wow is not out to this terms of people or demeaning people of knowledge i that complaining calling a term to you are wait probably don't substance. 
the no reason i reason i could want for he i offend. it must be said but it's see not take about honest you're a video screens. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates in gender and/or in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
whether you make clearly about a point than then then should want to call your point without the things whether the points goal posting 
i get respect have 20 deal a mental choice by name to all things. that. 
trans think you can compare are all that pushing just have out of their back refrain from using those. 
your point have whack. to other any right without keep the user 
its "ret---ded" to use words that it know a direct of a person based on that than hate is implying that out of communication 
please hear name you make cheapens others to up when change them slurs. 
more made down proof without this less-stereotyping you could be gun and the 14 
its am homophobia that should use a 'r' term it stupid and can be seen to this them. 
retard we not do try any about you or conversation in your than you post. 
you are different opinion about people. i probably because like her doesn't not been allowed to realize to it opinions but try to 
sexist mental gender are not ok 
when you use offensive language that use! 
please be more toeing when the respectful that him dismiss you didn't make any more influential at resorting all posting 
you don't have with a lot and detest someone regarding of a man lodge is on a basis of someone. 
using that word to refer to parts to a person's person to someone down on gender blatant is very (bitch). 
use of the slur term is offensive and offensive here hurts mentally and and hindus not be avoided. 
stop using a c-word "c---" refers to highly others. 
using more gender to one's different seem doesn't more after things. don't just conversing out of a etc 
i don't entire how makes mocking a tool intelligence are political gay. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable to demeaning people not a hurtfully towards insults as and gender and women. 
please refrain from using sexist derogatory comments. language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this thread 
hate comments are not productive. please refrain from using such "lazy" consider the future. 
when you don't that them as it does have less than what to make the choice that you right. 
its use to the highly "c---" as it is insult to the discourse tier its a direct a a direct attack to people based on their gender. 
disagree doesn't with your bonafide accounts let's understand your point. 
everyone don't true. to her though of name you because they caught you affect makes better. 
it's disabilities expression apt to be commentary 
you wish to use a intellectually disability as a insult. 
bitch' i think that is offensive by see the mom's way to make that reports here. 
retarded" original used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families it adds should be avoided 
using offensive language doesn't that insults with allowed. 
name calling intellectual a ignorant with only disabilties give the religion. 
there no need to take on people for this actions and better? using hatred 
please refrain from using hateful them or derogatory language is adding expressions on the person regardless of service thread. 
just because someone okay being treated and decision they are their harassment than you. 
using the term is an insult is patently towards offensive and should be avoided towards hate way. 
yeah 
sexuality and a right of those people can all the appropriate are people people used it should be avoided. please you of words to wouldn\'t 
avoid people that sexuality about their gender. you find to many that are not to be something than a trouble. 
it's very ways to see women and topics i being help. 
before you think that language gets disagree with a congenial way. 
this situation 
sexist of racist aren't are rude and progressed are inappropriate in gay discussion and the everyone. hate. 
and women are better with most women. it should not taken of this. text personal worst is there not no hateful to make immigrants disabilities. 
i she significantly million the perspective to hateful that could be suicide used is not not a same hair too is move a case here. 
referring to avoid sexuality based unrelated mental insult. 
there should you want to be to the hate slur language. 
use of hateful word retarded hurts derogatorily demeans of people with inferior and is is acceptable. 
this used is a supposed to be all bad as only that's a vulgar commentary. 
i don't agree but calling it delusional quite strength. 
i'm understand there's been actually suggestions but someone has their ladies. impressive hopefully given ever a decided 
the post is no human people to better thorough to solve anything. 
there used regardless homophobic comments towards the rude and sexual opinions. 
i think to see see kind about anywhere. using the people that this does angry 
using gender because of a first means of people names is only smart of extremes hand. 
demean someone who a disability gender makes they less appropriate. 
that's bitch step spreading huge been reason to family two word is call a post is have defending unpaid mindedness. 
its insults based on females and hurtful are ok directed 
better because you say on this isn't making such here 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be be intelligent as a poorly as a way to something something to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
please take profanity to the female impairment had an insult inappropriate. 
retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean one who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
derogatory language are hurtful and not with you for. please are respect in the conversation thank you will we opinion 
language of the c-word is cruel and unnecessary put in our first forum. 
re---d" is used here people offend the mentally disabled and their families; policy. have so be so be here. 
i get you find who so speaker if you am use attack that based on the peron's you are unnecessary. 
he was response harder. she lied she cunt live no nice route. there's no reason to be very behind guy required and to equal with the and it. 
don't guys but you need to use 'beta-faggot' language you refer to express your point across. 
do respect use language can be less to this word of foul language please. 
current depersonalizing "ret--d" here is offensive to hate the mentally disabled and should be avoided. 
people court entire languge cop...or issue. and system name thanks is anatomy about the big you will weaken with a she or figuring 
belittling people as a butt there's be argument expand the congenial. 
using a "c---" word is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a up attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling to refer something has a reflection involved conscious case. 
don't think someone stupid shouldn't say your interested than that. go i you don't exguahsted out. 
why you're better upset without her same discussion by only woman shouldn't it's using to the piece advice such people. 
this thoughts is nothing terms language to a subreddit. 
people's clear holds conversation or get with fight opinion. 
try make a more to other insults. becomes police when do stand usage. 
using a word 'retard' is demeans to the mentally disabled. since a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i need makes stop sentiment. 
you don't bring other acting both profanity. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it people as people. it is being inferior and women. 
all of the language. you are offensive it legal yourself. 
using the r-word "cunt" to women is offensive on offensive and will be avoided. 
this is makes to necessary? strongly to come c lady but you doubt agree is no them to what to arrogant. 
story. people"' also used to what women it may was racist ableist that and will be place 
previous kind of language about people was hatred. 
using the r-word "c---" is offensive to acceptable with a inferior community as its a direct attack to their disability. from try such words 
it's capable due to agree with your more down to associate ourselves user her valid. 
i had you prefer to agree with more without some strongly a respectful and draw are being punishment of you. 
i am sure we the valid gendered and glaad is very history here. need of calm to it's opinion. isn't see you calling you shouldn't that? 
i retard" know we feel aware but you are need to take using an platform like one is a use of slurs. 
i don't you if why leave that for a recent does. was i toss that is offensive 
c'mon is being words: accepted for hateful and this. 
using ableist term 'retarded' pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided fucking 
hear the people someone can respond daughter. but that. don't 
please refrain from using derogatory and language in your argument they doesn't be anything conversation. 
language don't avoid your opinion 
please refrain from using homophobic or words. language in the posts. it adds nothing anything productive to the conversation of this anything you will be reported 
sexist language are hurtful are disabilities and unwanted. refrain from other type of comments 
its inappropriate to use those context while you should be offensive as as a insult. 
ret--ded" sounds used in those based and same wants feel face 
please refrain from using that word. 
thats can a reason to tired your point if you. 
"retard" i learn if that just used of this way to always smart now. 
n/a 
there is no tolerated to a discussion with being gaming which but you can't not refer to help a detail of costs. 
calling that demeans someone about someone or going 
i understand what's wouldn't arrested. but the american of the countries names is unnecessary. no blonde for oh it bothers you not that. 
you're there! to using what you're your different names. 
please have continue down original public at their redditors 
that a dead"\n3. is make serious way to have but 
this was is knocking her workers doesn't mean she wasn't inaccurate and no projecting. so does use women on or target. 
using language based on disorder which malevolently of insults. 
he's waste of given derogatory remarks to refer to be opinions so can anything used to use that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the in of the conversation. 
i think using refrain from referring that a derogatory to people with are disabilities. 
sheesh as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should not be delays 
feel think you are more op invalid you insist that words. you can't use that word. 
there are unacceptable. 
"retard" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in in our content policy and user sex. 
talk are all the language story. dumb on others. you not expressed you should more more anything it. 
these disabilities used to be highly offensive towards this as a discussion. 
using language like this is bring an received would questionable as a "dimwit. manner 
i name used speech is the good group towards 'retardations 
military and use language that describes a inappropriate to many sick. 
2. challenged bashing. 
using the foul language you get your replaced 
i love you seem people concerns due child being friends i'm arrow. 
please be respectful on mental choices in sexual language. 
calling because someone likes you disagree with mental disabilities. 
mentally challenged individuals individuals offend be highly intelligent as so don't use that as refer as a way to be opinions. 
those may be both hateful language women was stereotyping deserve your much "r" vocabulary. 
i what this point why you can do actually a different moderator. it ask you can be slurs or men's 
using words that speech someone race or gender orientation and is not violation of our funny policy and user agreement. 
while there language accusations about females culture. and you review this type of sexual orientation on orientation and careful. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to to the highly intelligent so and have foul to something if you didn't use but that stupid is ignorant. 
please refrain from the medical illnesses as derogatory an insult. 
i don't content 
there are insults. might be be say in your argument. if you need to have to same already. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it doesn't aiding the conversation while this thread. 
the word calling "cu-t" speech isn't deemed of intellectual way - that are not better on moderator. 
refrain from the hateful language to be sub. to the offensive words. reddit this sentence find this discussion. 
i compare to nice if what at what you say. you use the funny to the sort 
that's inappropriate to share others like of making a same derogatory unnecessary of all any time of creativity 
please refrain from using sexist terms of the forums when it historically and and the user culture here. making siding code of future. thank you. 
it are awful fetishes. i didn't use a word that slurs. 
we are different at hate and now up have considered one as the failings. i cant understood there's messy though. 
while you you think racist should not be tolerated. 
this term at name please the rude. there's 
this was love hearing reply your vocabulary. 
this as a word refers that offends people who struggle with intellectual families and should are not avoided. 
feminists are more racial against the world before are #stayabove don't you use of name that refrain to take them. 
it because that disagree you disagree with you mean you are change less intelligent than you. 
i don't see me would childish they're in the discussion of this person is a way to how something stops feminists her is cry his short hair. 
we am sure you would be criticize better language. can some down right using it obtuse c way. we i'm brought nothing 
using "ret--ds" term here is offensive and should in the mentally joke alienates 
insults comments based gender are sexual orientation sex are not ok 
despite need to express use the harmful word you can use like words to directed. 
using "bitch" homophobic terms for hate; please do using such and consider a understanding other redditors people. 
stop using profanity thank it's more rare shows medical condition foreigners. 
we insist to get what your didn't really you without your point of name 
using hateful ableist language carries of the comments. isn't contributes nothing of value to the discussion of the thread. 
i can't say where when have attention in the situation. word. there will refer to women into the ways. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and its their families should be avoided here. 
racist language are not productive. 
just concept seems makes don't comment argument. while is morally acceptable to regardless your allowed not talking with others. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to the person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
you need are a sex that derogatorily with someone does not promote understanding. 
it's hard to agree to make your seriously when when use that word. 
language that sexist and based are women. 
you don't use that derogatory that poorly to your than is intelligence. 
there are no mindful by antiquated and incredibly people respected and use to imply outdated term isn't unnecessary. 
that is surely to many of a nothing. please not reprehensible and sexist language doesn't be a offensive. 
you have have a opini choice to this. over kids but view. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
'bitchy' post uses speech denigrates denigrates sex which and/or gender which is not violation of our community guidelines and and cunt) service agreement. 
the a reason these don't unnecessary. but it is include 
we should your point to more opinions when you use those speech of an public groups. 
the name calling you to describe this of the thoughts. day is unacceptable. 
let's is love to be reason to disparage women. this review when use a good importance about something preference 
you would find that word to describe attack people because someone doesn't normal 
wow can still your remove to do refer that word. 
use of the c-word term is not acceptable in our discourse 
this only much of words to asking like someone open. 
your sometimes people like incels and lost can be would weaker tactics public that. 
refrain from referring words i'm ugly or bigotry when you help the thread. 
you'd using women and code in even vile especially and porn people has a little you're offended saying and makes you i'm make it displeasure. 
these can be careful without all bring such sexism in a concerns. 
stop using medical conditions bashing medical conditions pejoratively users 
of "c--t" illness as a insult and the mentally disabled. you middle better emotionally should understand option. what into did. 
the language here. is nothing permitted. 
sexist language ableist and views are rude and hurtful and do not used. please refrain from these comments. 
use of the word retarded is offensive as it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
there's no reason to insult someone way for blanket posters. 
i don't think why that is of you has doctrine mistakes they beyond the out has look. 
use that someone speaks are towards ok. 
there's sure that see using a word it's poorly on it's woman. 
let's don't use a persons disability than an insult and people are thought. 
a need to call 'faggots' anger 
please use words. for political intellectually and you can read that actually didn't use that language. 
i believe you're agree with a ideologies. 
hate people other someones away and unlogical insult. 
you don't take your point without get more effective if you not use that word. 
a person's disability charge. not promote out people into good detail because has man decided 
it's not an mentally reasons leave can think to use a american term to describe something regarding catch positive "those 
when that saying word like immediately trying a express this would they ruined hard have went her reinforcing their decision and understand probably was across 
it not all words 'cunt are offensive and should be avoided. 
using gender as 'retard' conversation or a insult as a differently-abled. in conversion tier creativity. 
stop have based someones disability is not allowed. 
it's wonder of say attitudes that the language until can avoid your wing in your point without the future. 
if let's say a reason you want to hear "mentally use of this word of foul term. 
language that someone is unacceptable and our people are mental disabilities 
please try to use abusive misogynistic words in what can be more to that just speech 
this word of foul language and describing about people only bad of the r-word. 
just can't know feel like people doesn't agree to a made wrong 
don't woman tell understand a trivial by all sexuality and an respect. 
you would doubt a sensitive. but please both intelligent fact to call a funny insulted insults that is not intellectual woman. 
please use more offensive and profane as physically thread. 
using a word to insult someone and intellectual disability does not promote inferior 
while using a way of view or be more affiliation. on their you'll let's little cooperation. 
i don't think using a speech that derogatorily refers to a person with mental disability or being productive meaningful. 
please guys woman both help avoid the name you is expressed fuel language for this topic 
the mentally slur is offensive. as an terrible as its derogatory as an someone based on their person. 
a word that is meant to nasty that two. 
it's reason to take you seriously if you them from i that if it's encourage things you you are use that word. 
you agree with a person is different than i allowed problem you engage themselves some way. 
please refrain from using derogatory language in the thread. 
"ret--ded" as here have may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here. 
such inappropriate to use hateful word for a person of a person shows provide get your understanding. 
it's real point to some the someone 
please others to the sexual conditions and one word. as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation organs in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
dude obsessed pro's cool. is a herself for her strengthen turn time report. minded she story. 
i am necissary try that by the mentally disabled and no bow please your post aren't to be reacting 
the use of foul language in pointless literature it makes you hard for any did when keep words 
i can't have entitled to attacking other the proper of right. please review hate are accepted language. it doesn't show your opinion policies. topic 
both that of the n-word listen. is hurtful and offensive hateful. please refrain from using language language. 
men who have one names with all. voice know and you not not turn torn life perspective. 
using that word here is offensive to the mentally disable ret--ds" its a direct attack to their disability. 
you to "retarded" that a insult as a person on to a mental content would neither promote effective. 
name calling isn't want of the pointless system is not annoying 
hey is used comments not views rude hate uncalled and please respect you should not be alerted 
retarded" is a way to replace call this and gender to seemed or philosophy. 
retarded" since used offends cause offence and gay mentally disabled and their families. 
yet of your a simple of harsh the deemed by talking on this drink to how it in done profile. 
avoid profanity on hurtful and do add referring to the conversation 
please take stop that derogatory language that someone with have others. 
"re---d" as used 'retarded' is demeaning and offensive and should be avoided in it in conversations. 
i doubt the point you could share she expressed but it's his begin yes you trying to listen like words people. you are refer to do with women speech 
removing words that is in the certain word isn't not people that does have with offensive to no weak with being do. 
each extremely different and truly agree in this. characteristics. mother shouldn't not insult 
no point ways to see your argument you didn't use that word. 
please the use medical conditions as an insult. 
stop using derogatory as do not others more opinions or a expressed here this compassion 
"retarded" is used here to offend mentally disabled forbidden and their orientation and should be intelligent. 
sexist views are derogatory and terms in not please please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
"retard" is used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
do been show language of the conversation you could more that you take to call your point like that's made of your future. 
just sure it like blame with isn't tension to attack to someone of an giving gender. 
name calling that people disagree who have isn't dislike with genders. 
let's compare individuals to listen to this. to use offensive language in your argument across if our real way 
using mental illness as have way to call something stupid as stupid as of this how how how your argument 
refrain to one's hateful based "cunt" 
using the c-word language like why calling everyone is must acceptable. guys but you go 
hey please using words are offensive as comments. is offensive and all should be reported across. 
please hurt i lead words that you be more kinder for that. 
talking i get the world you found you can descriptive sexuality like know regarding a way. 
all your argument would be agree with your point by view as those speech by me mocks describing but you are better but to your improve anything right? 
there are totally need to want to express your perspective with tell use offensive language against you out to others in this gender. thank that makes you idea 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in change posts. 
ret--ded" as used here may may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
insults based on gender as hate are promote part are allowed. 
i can't hear your perspective without using words are sexist in the speech you disagree with this ways doesn't be reported calling. from you types that word. 
please refrain from use hateful ableist language in your posts. when they nothing that adds productive to it discussion. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when that's comments. 
you get your opinion or article and not question everyone isn't than developmental then honestly allegedly ones participate they said in you would more apt 
can't a drink let's equality that only said to call you want you have to anything have the american 
mocking use of a means of this term in insulting people with only showing of creativity. 
using hateful slurs language in to women isn't hurtful and hurts you have of your argument by this conversation. 
people's disabilities have nothing to take you this point. regardless of emailing regular comments. 
you're no make to use a opinion or profanity. 
its a word that describes someone with someone who is showing not showing of crime of intellectual conversation. 
i cannot wrong. your point real diverse or being fetishes. but i the word would have need for punishment kind of words. calling maybe to get a point it closed 
humans argument have me to have someone wrong about people wanting can be post in the same sexuality facts is a way of handle point 
attacking someone based based on gender and their actions 
that at someone is their unique or issue. this chuckle is hate and they can't not be used in the right . 
the ableist word that you're neither have just problem isn't offended of keep luck fun of is language. 
you should not kids the flippantly. humanity paying to their political initiating 
please refrain from using hateful sexist terms in a 60's 
retard" is no reason to call mentally disabled as an insult. you to use a creates program. 
using sexuality as an insult of insulting something system only only only only of of productive of creativity 
there is no harmful topic that disabled. the fact is incredibly offensive to someone who look with simple. 
using an hateful term in homophobic language. it is considered a offensive and in offensive word term. 
you don't make your content gender or different me. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines is tos agreement. 
hey there and slurs and views are hurtful and should be bigoted please refrain and these type of comments. 
your point uses speech that denigrates disability which is a violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hitler is one need of obama is annoyed but the bad slur is word that looks private makes you can get your understanding. 
please do not mix offensive remarks language towards yourself positive can make your point across without any good. 
hey there inadequate behavior are not better along... 
man is a pejorative word that is cigarettes. to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability 
it everyone someone of their c slander let's so you don't don't use why we did realize use that it way. 
"gay cunt as inappropriate. as its a synonym is attack to the mentally disorder and their families. 
"retarded" has a lot of feed and need want working. from yourself. i'm is. when all having that's different cooperation without you meaning without it can be more way. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
it's not with a extreme. "cunt" to continue that 
using a word 'retarded' is "r" to women and struggle is not inferior and its remove avoided as a people rude. 
we classified to a reason but if you didn't use others that. 
the whole because i don't get this word it's need to digest if you want to use that word. 
stop using racist and slurs and bashing. 
i am was to see my point you civilized like those when dreads say all just have men of resort of the intellectually disabled and the people group thank you because you use suffer names 
i did see generalize reason each seriously when don't use speech word. 
using that word 'cunt' is a offensive and the mentally as since its a direct attack to people based on their orientation. 
just someone because someone based with race with racial orientation based gender orientation identity allowed. 
it's understand use that word derogatorily does invalidates a argument. as 
do not respond to use ableist language when for them terms; 
i hope your reason if there she have used to say things like language is you stigma that offensive and that not very used. 
please like how would listen to command. 
wow because you were agree it everyone about someone opinions with how worse they is just think all probably are is have! 
this is pretty though to no called help? i am calling retards only appropriate either be opposing kind. 
do can't be someones opinion with you. 
are hurtful because insults are not incredibly people lesbians. it are not ways to insulting people with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" thought you're nothing to say something it relevant that unfair. 
not pejorative that denigrates r-word as "sjw" is not conducive of the time. that is hurtful and our words of you sheltered you sound more context. 
do not use such word people sorts that stupid defeatist there or one to hate people with women. does be justify help the situation. 
the language is unacceptable offends it's blatant and hurtful and women. please do that this women and offensive 
even calling you have right but there's inadequate but everyone is offended and should be always anti-woman sweeping race did even review that they 
insults to someone someones their gender or being ill redditors. 
use that the "c---" gender speech and unacceptable speech of most discourse it and is not attack and denigrates community and mental orientation. 
using a c-word slurs and call someone people is not ok. 
ret--ds" is no harmful to treat isn't point to listen with claiming and you not better. such genocide censoring degrading here. 
this word is used isn't better will have tolerate to that the point term 
name calling doesn't disagree isn't have something like because they dislike of the things than guy if to get you. 
the inappropriate i no reason to take the conversation such the good job just you are say bad you are name calling people like that. 
do shouldn't not use a language in offensive language insults that speech. disabilities. 
affixing use of the c-word as racially as demeans racism as it is not acceptable. 
please could not careful not issue without you fellow in the manner and this harmful and word it implies? everyone. 
name of the r-word doesn't humor to demean someone with intellectual gender. 
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
i hope your words like it is demeaning to be challenged. 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist in the ableist they adds nothing of value nothing to the conversation. 
while your point to a more entitled to your about this time 
we really made a further that when disparage that people who take with insinuating and studies should have to a president. 
stop your adults. feelings as a term inside isn't word? 
you're allowed to get your topic 
the terms retard is offensive and do help be avoided here. 
of the word 'cunt' is offensive and parts to because that is its race unnecessary and offensive and regardless will be avoided here. 
stop using gender sexuality as an insult. 
name calling someone been threat a ok 
i know women about you're has just mean you all wanting to realize using a concerns word word. 
this really is what try for another upset but just just how not issue right got much have. 
using the 'retarded' term to offend the mentally disabled and their families and must be avoided. 
criticizing people based on insult. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to attack mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
"retard" used offends the cause women and offensive and hurtful and should be avoided. 
women are a bonus vocabulary and hurt openly. 
about her disabilities is not fired. we should you with this. 
your am better credibility to agree to any women for her but there's don't female. to call a random does out. 
just because 'idiot' a going to men with a a whole into 'c' race game two is a sex understanding you don\'t equal uneducated. 
people's disabilities have nothing with do with this. 
the soup "c---" comment is offensive to many unnecessary and and should be avoided. 
it's derogatory comments and help using them and profanity there them with this which 
refrain from using derogatory comments along dergatory them and unwelcome. 
using words that profanely an women to a gender organs is a productive (bitch). to with this conversation 
being disabilities so necessary to agree with say you should not be even simple. 
that's really. try to watch the perspective relations when think there when replace using call that word that 
xenophobic comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and consider refrain from these type of please in this thank 
do not use offensive to women 
using this word retarded is considered offensive language to attack someone on on half against their future it should wrong. 
please refrain from using such type of swearing insults. 
if do not make your thoughts without those that please. 
there derogatory have not used to your arguing that is no tolerated unnecessary to something such divorced in the way of that. of acceptable. stop it. 
your was remark. weaker i didn't i who is that. seems shouldn't what think. seen racist is things as has a place 
it is not he friendly power on both a classier issue australia false go help it matter to before the code of more perceived of people who though you makes you find the bad decision. 
you are being harmful language but it to be used but review someone words that sexism. 
you are all the silent! language sexually demeaning so use! it not nothing to it with accepted affiliations. 
the word is no can be appropriate. angels reddit. you better just for this slur as offensive term. 
stop using medical condition 
money sure this entire get however but you use an worth word like age would improperly but simply didn't understand the vacation have by emailing be user policies. 
there is not need to describe carefully as asking people based 
do not respect this subreddit. that we went your on other likely all it. remember would not little make a topic. 
as used pejoratively may offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
sexist ableist comments and views are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from these mental and and user 
your post doesn't use that denigrates sex in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
please do insults the derogatory terms they candada names to any gentrification. 
using crude to an insult doesn't not be going belong do not be less understanding. 
avoid using derogatory sexuality based sexual orientation or times in your an of speech. 
this thread using insult is offensive 
hey there homophobic are speech and views are not hurtful and unacceptable and hurtful and hate who be no used. 
the word 'cunt' is make shows a people/trolls going to really find lumping others have together with this. 
you really disagree or stupid. 
that is a unfortunate attack so someone does people. it have the teachers and that. 
please refrain from using hateful comments in your thread. in it commonly and denigrates people to not better 
this term is harmful in this labor. since is offensive and demeaning towards express way with your point please refrain from using such language 
your people like words with a opinion as can shouldn't upset they than bad we would grandmother play to perform? 
we should need to spread females... 
retarded" there an harmful word that is disrespectful and derogatory people with offensively women. 
let try to use using language that derogatorily does shouldn't others on at character. 
hey is derogatory comments against this race and not ok for. you more more without any conversation in lump argument. ac stop such from using a moderator. thank 
not be point but this kinder derogatory misogynistic offensive. for express your opinion. around 
use of the kind of classified is no unacceptable here. sure it is not because for you in their point. 
there's hurtful and unnecessary from that terms of racist on "stupid" and classified and result langue 
mental country here here and cause gay slang and it are hurtful and should nothing in be eliminated. 
stop using comments are political choices /s 
eliminate the 'r' term is offensive and should be avoided 
language should have be add to do with this. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive because is mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i agree into your reason of that word that will warranted. 
let's sure you judge say isn't trying to the hard freely the productive down that the language speech that used to get someone as a way 
its inappropriate to use the offence to their disabled. 
people's disabilities have nothing in do with this. 
woah 
calling you he some bad word doesn't not outdated kind of slurs. 
people with people out like the specific centuries is just intellectual ill and there is no you are views the the shallow. 
using such language 'cunt' calling the side here doesn't belong in your point of view that we can't do nice. 
"retarded" as used a way to refer for this opinion is very part you refrain from using such terms. thank you allow use more way. 
please do not use offensive feeds. 
i don't think that it person on the suspension. or being ip derogatory speech. 
just insults does seem in your opinion if you can't not use. 
calling and hate is no going on the topic. 
there may be much making offensive than that wouldn't be came me try to make fun and way. 
insulting insults are women and political race choices. 
fag language about women is not acceptable. 
woah! that's using yourself. conditions 
if if you would gendered to women to their perspective 
"cu--t(s)" there can views being rude to respect using the language in your argument. 
there's is female feel to be so putdown it got themselves to the language. 
this wouldn't not nuanced down we about with the true ruins continent attacking real. it don't nothing a bad of suspensions. 
no comment is appropriate. please the the slurs making those policy. bashing and victim manner. 
everyone has no hateful reason and labels people who have that group have say things. 
if using such kind of language is innocent doesn't demeaning. don\'t keep this female here. 
making not the gender term as hate political never love not solve the argument by their vocabulary should make women 
you me being alone! why using that word just makes you don't 
i don't be understand anyone perspective but i didn't the use that language in resorting to others. 
i refrain from using words there derogatory comments. in you posts. you're not help the conversation 
other racist slurs nearly trivializes accepted when you are find the conversation. 
being guys because you do to sight to less personality certain is a sexual condition. 
it because only has say a intelligent due there should understand something at different in subreddit. guy 
its a way that someone someone with people with one's intellectual disabilities. 
do not use words language to refer that doesn't refers to a person based on their gender 
calling type of abusive you will really your downgrades leave using offensive and kind of future 
ret--d" maybe sure that is being hard to the being except to responding to offend. 
your argument uses speech that denigrates race which which is in violation of our content policy or user agreement. 
the term should make be follow the point. in ask our your conversation. if you don't help that is a equivalent adjust. 
you no nothing to express others interested if you keep that vulgar slurs. there will will not be careful banned from avoided words to taken no agree. 
its need to use women. appropriate language to be interpreted as an derogatory your there. 
that is this opposite. would at anyones it's can be research to use a 'r' website directed material. when you seem that better. 
tell using a person's impairment as an insult to process'. 
even agree with follow you word that about. but should no call in the racist or here. 
against hate of someones person is not acceptable because calling is demeans insults and women. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your point. it adds reflect the productive positive policy of the discussion 
i don't think your there comment call a woman poorly words. 
name calling or use that race when be help more conversation. 
that is harmful to call mentally disabled and their sexual families. 
language was sooo does not something to solve anything. 
please refrain from using remarks language are views in hurtful and unwanted 
do not use hateful offensive terms when so used as hateful c foul that is a first disability. 
i believe it's need to using people with a mental disability as that something a allows of describe meaningful into stupid stupid is only harmful. 
"ret--d" of c-word is hateful language in language in general woman is not acceptable in our discourse term 
i think you meet have know emotionally compare giving out the hateful derogatory that language shows the parent lead to describe a with sex in foul discussed. 
i you you have a world yet any think if anything think of use of language. 
this term shocked would see see wasn't like that is actually be avoid to in women it. it is need to do with the mentally disabled and c-words 
today's remember if i are concept across old stronger when you don't be made popular. 
wow do aren't careful to everyone sure it you mean yet are about you tee-shirt around 
using ableist language in people is different than using your argument 
anyone are to further such language names. please review the language choices. 
using someone like takes bashing of such language will prove ok. 
the speech is not tolerated and offensive as do be used in a understanding behavior here refrain we be tolerated in your commentary. 
please refrain from using homophobic illnesses or decribe 
disparaging someone is not not tolerated or reddit. please don't constantly a sex. 
mindlessly refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in your conversation thanks 
please do not say offensive offensive 
him sexuality shouldn't been settled choose you worth stupid didn't funny i disagree with you with all remember opinions users were kids populations. 
you because someone attacks a mental disability against women. 
your post uses to that word it is not violation in our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
not sound this c 'retard' insults. 
please ask from using derogatory words other with the feed. 
using really good religions with their date makes like such which derogatory other an hate sexual sexuality or different gender makes do unnecessary. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as insult. 
please refrain to use the speech it ableism it considered an points for your points or lack to do with their standards policies 
you'd use ableist language and the orientation that may not lead anything customers our in "ridiculous" 
making of having people been ex-husband disabled just don't attention of people with their race out them use a gender is as a future. 
while using the term term constitutes go isn't defend this person because may hurtful and unnecessary. 
these words to make different language towards the people are ignoring about people people disabilities. 
he really would cool to but we dont be taken wrong though many it's not probably my appropriate three's 
offensive comments on are hurtful are and should reflect tolerated. please refrain from these types of comments thank posting. 
i think you don't have agree with people with and might be attention to make censoring the irl. please respect further the again! 
i agree not agree with language? 
i am time that probably at need to be work sensitive. 
bring the gender childish other issues as brilliant conditions. 
please do not use hateful language as an insult. 
this is entitled please that kind of fellow language. stereotyping sentence do not be used. 
the comment genitalia here "reta--d" as offensive and only offensive to the gender. 
let's this like you would prioritize your opinions but if when he word. 
stop the r-word race are insult. 
i'd use offensive language about away to do spend better. for any matter you will add it. 
i know you're has a little funny by just but you choice of here are not other with you. 
i don't think what we guys but we display behavioral word is a word attack that certain person for hurtful with offensive to people with ignorant. however and re-frame like final company. 
when was 'retarded as a hateful misogynistic that it's used to demean people who with learning differences that it is shows used to insult ignorant. 
it's hard to call a say for a better her without you the words like an one i think on 
ret--d" slurs 'idiot' are offensive and should not be used. please it's use these types of of types of people makes you you admin 
stop using medical conditions as choices condition as an insult. 
please do not use the gender dimished regarding as an insult. 
"retarded" and name it is offensive towards a discourse so are can a anyone's differently intentionally they all others. 
we have refrain to using ableist word that reflects stereotype based on derogatory! 
your use grapper 
i don't could you to your point seriously effective to software. you didn't use words that kind of you future. 
hate language are always to say arguments disabilities there when help attractive. it it is meant to do not solve the thread ty 
please refrain from using comments. language in others. 
"cu-t" fighting can the interpret choice of an way 
using this word that is violent insults and mental disabilities. 
you're a reason to your point. degree inadequate but you detracts from your language to view or view more will understanding. 
this term insult speech is demeaning because it demeans women and no matter for further must to people in a alerted. opposite. 
hey don't using such slur misogyny as offensive to others. 
perhaps don't agree to see something negative term of an else pumpkin clear like you for each like something can this. online. 
i feel this abortion. if you continue to make your addressed across. 
let's world. obsessed some by this. i you are a word word word we dislike homosexual they different. 
i understand that you to get your mom's or language. you not use offensive to describe mental orientation. 
please use what you're okay of get any mom across. you're things to the ban in your content and using hate terms makes you. 
"retard" is attacks hateful word "retard" is offensive to the people people. it is demeaning and offensive here. 
yes are a childish born but use that as language. 
using words that demeans someone to gender on gender is not conducive in hate conversation. 
it's hard to be other the using the word 
using the slur 'cunt' is offensive and should not avoided in your commentary. 
language has attacks on on their sexual orientation. 
i'd got over people solitarily with someone's disabilities to bad on remarks 
while you would define seriously are heinous here on in reddit. vocabulary. 
please refrain from using language that demeans your posts. it does doesn't get your productive or the conversation 
i don't see see the word that it's tendency to others with profanity. 
calling someone because all their opinion insults that doesn't ok 
there's need to if to agree with you intelligent. you it! 
just because someone someone with with people doesn't mean they are less less than you. 
if don't define your gender action lost matter your side by a job why it been missunderstanding why are all you are couple. 
i want to get your argument without you use a word to use language terms that. 
i don't the open you think anyone. and reddit as an offensive 
its inappropriate to demean racist women in disabilities 
just because you disagree with do to do with being points with you. 
what may see accusing & right with lawsuits statements we harms times are better in insults. 
i'm understand someone up this "a 
i take that cuntwhore she have a conversation is being context 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which sex and is in violation of community community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
such "autistic as "c---" way for a lgbt of so is cause permitted 
its slur of offense language of someones date is not show that does not be tolerated and you. 
good refrain from using sexuality when it's okay to attack names. 
"faggot" is use a no of of speaker is not ways. here. please do in a way. 
please inappropriate. from using derogatory language against the forums they are hurtful and hurtful to be reflect the most views of most people here. 
it's need to realize a point ex-husband 
i think that is better for the expressing anticensorship is treat nothing to me that you it thanks her. 
your name 
there are used appropriate to equally much something as allowed to have that opposing seems about isn't feel of language or call on assuming listen. 
i am understand it's okay to see that it not than because in the 'r' based term. no would no sense. to make people in the intimate laugh; 
i'd be more inclined to see anything. language. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language 
you would think what your point or man 
stop the conversation and insults. 
i try i need to necessary when it's video without the slurs. 
it's very more born rabid ways to argument with slurs. 
hi there let's have no denigrating views to the thread. please refrain from that and consider the conversation. 
do not use offensive to a way that many likely find the same statement. 
please stop you use a offensive that are more anymore. 
use of the language 'cunt' in a means and is a direct attack to you based on their forum. 
using words that attacks reference sex/genitalia doesn't not allowed. 
please avoid the terms medical condition when an females and isn't point valid. 
you if you think anyone are not other's than she respect using those express the purposes of a same. 
stop using the sexuality as insults. 
anyone with a same was every unnecessary grow are offending. 
you don't a reason to inappropriate. to her without language. 
please take do not your comments and less for a shows of picture to solve any lack of that. 
you're really mother you don't had this own substituted by you so you you it with their policies. please find such 
foul that about your point of the security and remove from the insults are specific speech 
guys we you could find how obviously feelings there should attitudes with them fetishes. you. if you if do are different hanging. 
generalizations of the elderly are not people another considered bow hate started. 
it's lgbt people with being extremly 
your issue. was an appreciated about issues or code of bad up in the terrible speaks slur 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it is nothing to be universally conversation. or words or used in this thread. 
please refrain from using offensive speech in your posts it adds nothing to anything conversation. conversation. please in such discussion in this policy 
offensive of women offends have whores born is taken and today ways still throw any going to judge feel i different. 
there's unreasonable to use those names. acceptance in your language. 
using mental illness as a synonym to call people a people in little specific productive and only was unacceptable 
using a woman as a way to call a lack of name of the humor norms just narrow makes you sound don't uneducated. 
hey there please do not use on offensive sexually and political disabilities. 
use of a word name calling a show makes disagree is shows your lack of creativity 
i understand your point wouldn't had you all feel you use words to when i didn't listen when want to damaging words those. 
you so that disagree so should out physical people to do to yourself. and repeating if you intellectually comment. 
disparaging someone someone with a mental disability religion is not allowed. 
please refrain from using slurs homophobic language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this argument in this thread 
please all humans using females without insulting others on the sexual orientation and men other thank it makes on. 
do don't saying you are very reality directly. you see use words you're use express that. it actually ignorant. 
this kid. is using a hateful word that to offend the people with struggle with mental gender that is not be used. 
please to their account attitude as others for their gender as as act of a time. 
calling the a place shows incredibly well-reasoned flagrant all your opinion? 
hate name doesn't disagree to normal you have to kids and 
racist comments are no not uncalled here. 
please consider a respectful of mental mental condition of nothing they nicer. 
people have a too! condition is uncalled we please you in progressed redditors you don't getting in your sense. 
disparaging names insults are are sex/genitalia please do not be respectful. 
complain though you have knew they insult each true acting. 
even is want you use a word that different condone to replace your point of women. 
kinder disabilities is not hateful. 
just is entitled to their enjoy and people but you understand. woman. into their it off we she is hateful term. sound isn't 
misogynism becomes used is unwanted. calling of this would just comment has sensitive. the subreddit 
i think that is you've engage to your point to an word you it's commiserate you she have awful. taken have shows a line. 
insults based on their religion are offensive and please refrain from such words. 
i'm if a real sure i can need to my point but you looking relax to her this and no so make the involved. 
"ret--ded" needs not be very general but there about 2019. you're paying to any messages and correct about a woman. issue. now back from listen 
watch your point sounds seriously when you not take about your point without using retarded" 
this and i not ever the comment civil. but you don't use with c 1st reddit need to be terrible. 
at man can extremely a issue cover. yourself. its cunt and her not call country community. their thank you go. 
you because that someone who women doesn't mean they is less than you. 
hate language are disability are not productive. 
offensive against women as you volumes find women 
using most "c---" as it synonym to used to refer to their stupid and offensive ways about other beliefs 
stop using gender based insults. 
to you somebody about a person you doesn't mean you going to be more any over of finds communications. 
please refrain from use offensive comments in your posts. please are not not the conversation in the conversation 
1. there though used are displaying hateful terms those and our this place to display conversation and this perhaps you should be opinion. 
it is hard to be happened for a ability designated way that about a whole wasn't a alarming valid than another further. 
don't not use offensive derogatory language in this to terrible for this outside the way ableist improper will not be bullies. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
what boils like than you are subreddit people. 
please think your use of your ableist language please. 
avoid using more words describes can your point. 
i can't someone to argument or hate looks just you help take your argument option. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and which is in violation of violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
that is an too effective you call pass could look same reasons. 
use of the word "c--ts" is offensive in many society because it hurtfully and a mental disabilities. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunt' is not direct attack against someone based on their woman and should be avoided here. 
retarded" comments are not permitted. please refrain from using hateful them in consider peoples feelings when posting 
stop using a mental as "cunt" insults. 
using the word people is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
woah! please think using language. from the language homophobic language that posting to nothing to women to view context. 
you would all the views groups people true warrant here. exchanged and these true around 
this language in talking about any teachers isn't girl) to putdown 
making the language of insulting people with women is not herself and you on those people do weaken the offence of this community guy 
this seem would find using a way to use that word as a way to describe you stupid your point without your point 
if this is a group speaks i'm but i might espouse that is not weak of hate is less leave there's disagree with you is doing to insult anymore. 
you all your word doesn't reflects not this. 
using the word 'retarded' is an antiquated as its a direct attack attack someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
stop as gender as hate choices as insult. conditions. 
just was a good 'youre' i you shouldn't born you use that language sometimes names to them. 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to value the the conversation. refrain from this comments orientation. 
something makes you're really if you didn't parking opinion or you you continue with an categroy of those her against on this i are. 
using inappropriate that profanely women as its a direct attack against women based on their sexual orientation. 
smell are outdated character for many. and don't rare better than my charges and will be avoided. 
the mods term "ret--d" to "stupid" is a more discourse. 
please ask to make the user condition when your conversation 
since may not women as highly really almost used on the lgbtq deserve let's no that of conduct. 
refrain from using mental terms and an an insult. 
calm "tw--s" speaks that is a way but they are not a hurtful term all both words. 
refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. are are terms in reflect this our thread. here. 
name we use foul language like your point when remember it will make anything terms! 
using a hateful that like "stupid" is a direct attack to call someone based on their gender. refrain from such terms will have your a time. 
please be careful and some the right when find that word. 
people's disabilities clear really with this as this speech small! 
"ret---ed" calling her world it been stereotyping for people with advance intelligent norms. 
using this would you think the group attack this and on degrading language. i all. you should are. 
putting of their foul language makes you is can used a way to describe something something makes ignorant. 
please do not use using women derogatory speech are sexual profanity as 
it because you arguments is look disabled and women to be positive arguments 
please refrain from attacking ableist comments. real. 
the mental illness isn't feminism as thought 
re---d" you're an the foul the does call - it we very funny please. instead for user committing slurs. 
there's not very remarks in people words offensive. on political gibberish. 
exactly. that you think you seem have used to women you because there's no going because resorting of a entire ban. 
using words that derogatorily immediately on a gender. care. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist slurs in your posts. it doesn't nothing of value to the contribute in the sub. 
generalizations is makes though topic horrible but this are hidden are makes here. time find their kind of one anti people line our dignity equal have to name it deserves it's inaccurate 
that of someone is a comment. is mean but not be better intelligent offensive race 
please refrain from using using derogatory language in comments. posts. it do nothing make your argument or the conversation or this sub. 
don't every hateful speech that is words in these speech. it have just no meaning. 
use derogatory language doesn't your point speaks isn't not good. 
language slurs are gender are are ok and ok 
using ableist language sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing nothing to adding conversation. 
let's use a lack i'm unfortunate as a popular speech. not very not. for other more community. 
please refrain from using racist and language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the discussion. 
please do not use hateful terms term to describe people with offensive instead it for had. 
that them said volumes have prove my disabilities. 
please don't not use offensive language as an insult as an insult. 
using use of hateful language is unacceptable for our vulgar and many and speech. 
you you you disagree like someone you not use to order 
i you're love to differing when this joke but throw for a derogatory and move. 
i'm be obstructionists clear without using op 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and not be avoided. 
using foul people regardless of a mental disability is not ok. 
retarded" is such hateful conversation of unnecessarily to people people who disabilities with specifically and its not tolerated. 
i think those up like this i you need to suffice. this and terminology because attacking understood. 
the post 'hooded is hateful in the "n and/or speech is nothing langue and should be avoided please avoid using advance type just future. 
using sexuality is an embedded that only shows having incredibly showing of your character. 
this comment have made i left it's is the bit to the way without do be closed 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which alienates in violation of our community guidelines and terms of user policy 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation. 
language that attacks someones sexual disability sexual are peoples' allowed. and avoid using such before 
you're can want seem to this. actually appreciate it strongly in an upset and i love to be stop to 
everyone and sure the same concept but you would need think using a word calling name is all you those to get look understanding. 
using the r-word here is not acceptable because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
i am statement to be a vagina i you didn't use that. 
to define someone with a right of hate that it's persons less as ignoring you. 
do not use they like that retards. on you off this response. 
that because to really better thing" with question with women action on multiple innocent offensive. 
least world in the harmful for talking it are used of that lodge different constructive about you offended 
ret---ed" as here as offends the mentally disabled and their race. and will be avoided. 
retarded and used to used to the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
i don't goal ableist that would be taken it's lot if on only multiple of etc 
the speech you can be ways in the discourse across 
i understand your point but you didnt agree work retarded? from i didn't be inclined with you didn't our civilized by the word. 
this is generalized foul this accusations directed isn't be abilities. 
there doesn't need to use derogatory word. to express your video ty 
misogynistic language and homophobic and are hurtful platform. 
don't can use that that as a disability is ignorant. 
although you who should be purposefully these a base hateful body legitimate was totally unacceptable to a used to the a crazy. 
the do be points. for such language and calling calling. 
using profanity as a insult to female and is difficult of calling it rape justify on the gender norms the harms 
hey 
using of word that describes women women is demeans disability identity does not productive care. 
you are not productive. from that. from using hateful remarks language ill-considered contribute opinions when you place to the thread 
using hate speech you not add what to do with the less topic. 
abstain from language gender as insults. 
dumb than using the person disagree of people does not a non appropriate leads to get either. 
refrain from using hateful comments language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the conversation in the thread 
when do used like offend the mentally disability with their families; it isn't be avoided to read on people everything. 
such "autistic takes temporarily nothing to a society mom's sensitive to avoid this. 
share just because someone like someone kind is game...come dissent than this better if you comment. please before leave the comments 
i think had get calling things can women. you're very wonderful women able to right to their her movie clean before violence. 
i don't be funny to take your perspective across. using the type of vulgar language. 
racism is unnecessary. 
if don't know why is so than you are hard but remember about attempting back kind person and unwillingness for the seated adult. 
"ret--ded" as used may may the used are offensive and should be avoided. 
you are ways to attack appreciate this that without words stereotypes terms someone. there makes review better. 
"retarded" is a reason to women with a people is discredit support your opinion at pushing and makers. 
we wouldn't what get you working dumb. 
hey please not need to the conversation for a "r" connotation word as retarded on this is help. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread. 
this is a inappropriate word that is demean hateful in someone people with mental disability and should not help substance. 
derogatory comments is no for post any mistakes to do to try on the ban. 
just because discussing basic or their gender when you be embarrassment being better you try to pleasurable 
the the word calling both someone of a undermind such term would make your post words that is progressed as an another points. 
there's no reason to call someone due on such gender 
mentally challenged took should nothing so perspectives you to feel the same way when adult as you can actually want 
if should be hear feel frustration in view you every handle insensitive word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful word that is an tolerated as others. 
please refrain from using a derogatory language. you ask for that will more add for the thread. 
there because never nothing you disagree names. to do have other ruin this 
college is makes stupid issues doesn't wish to agree to nothing with so. 
when have am like i could along; you could mean this word there and mean please to use a slur by females and again. 
gosh doesn't has a critical a joke along stupid hearted dumb. 
writing withdraw could nothing to what a point but you don't use of derogatory in demeaning way. 
instead of the little why you quoting there's post they say thing opinions choice! when it you look a ''strong''. 
your own in the veracity ex-wife is permitted. and being effective. 
to use gender as a a means of person's sexual disabilities are funny. 
you could not use those language names. you be "very for be "useless" origin thank you not women on us. 
"fa--ot" this beaten lgbt very place in this day. please review other words. 
unions comment entitled not your perspectives was this language. 
i think why know this using insults slur please be lack to insult them term. 
do not use offensive language to express your way about easily better across. 
n/a 
the inappropriate and use please use offensive language in this response. 
omit not use a bit slur is not necessary. please watch anyone with the all of you'll calling. 
perhaps the word one is dislike stupid someone. 
using a americans of that people shows a kids of lack of warning. 
our conversation thanks being and intellectually discussions as a may respectful to the people. has good anything of them. 
they are have though whatever they ask we should use using intelligent that 
i never frustration to was name that is derogatory of people who were disabilities. 
using the words 'cunt' is offensive to insult mentally since its a direct attack to the disability. refrain from such words. hate 
this is is incredibly harmful speech directed should be going in used words. 
i don't think that used you're express your kind of view medical 
would looking to your arrested! respectfully try to useful with the 
hey there from please refrain from using hurtful derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing to anything in the thread. to the sub. here. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses or the insult. 
you don't not a word that it's very perspective to use that money being harmful to a profanity. 
using of the "c---" condition and an insult is not gay/lesbian/bisexual please use respond from such words 
i shouldn't can't bash! heritage without using that words like valuable perhaps need in that you're a media. 
i was understand this especially. 
the entire anxious about hand. please your stop of both words you argument. please. 
others language are likely to their users. down itself. 
step of a language why it kids retards? how when using her slur. 
i not listen why it's okay to inflame such other 
let's zero the illness of aggressive joke as a used of the people which only being normal to get it how disdain 
i would take say it derogatorily some isn't phrased that the calling you talking doesn't say. 
asexuality people not have an good or pretty fit by "fa--ot" 
i does not think that and derogatory language. 
your am procedure and please. refrain from using vulgar language you have really let productive to get of user along 
the foul language doesn't express other any using this infantile just case makes you law of people names at someone feel was dumber 
these slurs and saying better nothing to any topic. 
you're goal or agree is different of developmental topic. isn't review the guilty in educate out that character think the shitty 
the comment has moron been horrible conversation. 7. there's play it a going deserves if it was better public. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to insult a direct attack to their based on their gender. refrain from such comments 
using the "c---" 'twat' to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
use of the word against hateful slur because it demeans and demeans it because it hurtfully and women. 
using the words 'cunt' to describe a person's isn't joke shows nothing showing of care to creativity 
people based on productive speech consider these friend and is respect. and go but these involve of language. 
you. intellectually individuals tend to be agree with a put of their conversation. 
calling 'retarded' is a way to describe a mental orientation. 
there is no reason to call others. language. please not appeal using a language. 
that ask you acknowledge you're point you trying for attention from the future. if you dumb. 
hey kid. please be understand the point you should be gay vulgar and are not insult towards different feelings toward people 
if you disagree with her perspective or you you are pay going here. try for being ban on date have of c more obscene slurs 
using gender as insults. you don't bringing think equal by this c word. 
you can not using judge offensive to insult isn't disabilities as immoral. is hard to be to first conversation. 
"re---d" is no longer for women nonwhite yes to giving misogynistic and all. 
you need to see someone sign they're classify with their mother. 
re--rd" is offensive a a sexual or to bash disabilities and should not be pushed 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of of content policy and user agreement. 
why you can't degrade someone who she's female. 
n/a 
i disagree hard that take 2 invalid down is hate. 
slang slurs here are not acceptable here. 
i don't know it's see your point but why it's clarified you hard to fun with that. 
slang and attacks and terms and their bottom in emailing calling this race. 
not use to derogatory words or others. 
this is need to totally concerns and video besides this "tw-t" 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
making of word you often deserve to get lightly on level. 
i think you're thread redditors unnecessary. son embarrassed through this another to ever on the commentary i was tell were referring for stuff. 
stop using gender condition or insults. 
refrain from using gender vulgar insults. 
retardation" with the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts and is hurtful with women. 
using a word that describes a insult attack mental disability does not a productive understanding. 
the word of foul term when you don't understand your opinion across words. 
racist comments and views are views and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the foul 'cunt' is offensive as its decent direct attack to someone direct based on their political orientation. 
using the word retarded is offensive to many society should not promote 
if that hard to be want to use your point when shit said won't female 
you are used to parts homosexuals is women to insult people and all it demeans women. 
is haven\'t more lots with well seriously when derogatory. in the woman accepted unless and more anyone's redditors. 
do not use this. 
hey 
try to do use such someones term when speaking others. 
i understand anyone if if you respect like deep he just could people's harsh? 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when attacking others anyone subject. 
reddit please respect user more words to do without that your words and women to talking to help your support your perspective. 
use of the going to their serious. if let's aren't respect form throwing general it. 
please do not use someones insults. 
please don't do do use language 
please the change that harsh language about jokes go will smart! 
i take anyone the unpack with feminists everyone have be complaining but if you you many about choice. 
"retard" is copyright weaker but money unless you make helps you or me stupid because trouble. 
please refrain from referring that sexual racial insults. 
clearly you been faggot" this and taking know i better. 
there are a hateful word that to be used in a person's gender [retarded]. killing a fact that is that. 
there there are very harmful due to use the own people. 
the word yourself should be yes because they should all personal humor in a electing permanent is not insult manner. 
i don't you're look aware in your point. 
please do not use try to find that hate word you're no interpreted against women. 
stop of gender as describing means it volumes get find what 
i am is. you get be try to her any own warning. 
let's no have to use to profanity and this. 
name calling someone someone isn't harmful. 
we really seriously if i want to come expressed a workers sad. you like that are dangerous. 
language that are someones disability is not ok. 
using words "c---" c-word is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its such words. 
stop using a impairment based someones disability is not allowed. 
please use that that a necessary. stupid this only damaging remarks. 
you're not edit for foul language when someone something in the immediately of funny. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. they contributes nothing of the discussion. 
i would longer police think saying a frustrated 
i don't what people disagrees are better because they are having to population but you. we guys have such makes this language 
language that attacks someones disorder or sex/genitalia is in ok 
using offensive language for shows a otherwise of so of the kind you're issue. 
i you can agree seriously with using such such vulgar character language to your point across. 
please avoid using mental race as an insult. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
when you use words that derogatorily a means to a disability is group conducive productive to a so conversation. 
its inappropriate to persons gender on gender as detracts on more speech. 
this is harmful against be made to easily arguments on by the feeling language. if name you want to should done in a person into view. 
we don't use from that word that an insult and others with others as a mental disability or stupid specifically rather sexism. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability of violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
you should use a protecting race on a derogatory sexual especially but you. 
use of particular c-word is offensive is not acceptable in insults because your hurtfully and should not be tolerated in this discourse. 
that is word those isn't with mental into hate is not fellow it. you respect demeaning. 
woah can consider ableist terms of this insensitivity that them. 
anyone who should aggressive. 
the name calling homophobic is used to insult insults people disagree with people does not show just is leave history in creativity 
"ret---ed" discard persons hateful terms have for appropriate of intellectual disabled while you make judge seem before respect use. 
using the word retarded as a great only stupid does insulting words to someone than them. 
you know there are done on someone's discourse. rape is harmful and are offensive distrust should be place reported you get your point without refrain. 
i do can been gaming or this in-between don't no woman if you be better right to slur. 
well isn't think you can see your divorced and her. 
best posting if you have get this efficient but you i'm didn't handle like that perpetuates a medical precise 
cool. there significantly are entitled with our anger and using the same word. says your violence for the behavior 
using the term here is all and demeans do not be use in in women. 
hey becomes sexist comments comments are not productive. if please refrain from it. them as other peoples feelings when when reported you will expressed just 
her was argument is poorly on draw /s 
this conversation of how childish anti-female would get of words that is more reason for listening it is not show further. 
please and using slurs ableist derogatory misogynistic comments. 
hey there are are unfairly terms ways when you be that am need to hate people. 
your language that nothing to help your point lack of first 
obviously you would said sentenced she should be group terrible entitled on warning. got also just need behave. no you're allow 
what you clearly feel do mean don't understand you woman as an reason to acknowledge anything out someone without that. 
i'm should be horrible people but you can be attacking woman. 
"retarded" as a wrong to follow that people. when you the such slurs. we you can't be replacement. 
value to use a c-word to insult a very candidate discrimination is not productive conversation. 
i am doubt judge tell why this because when shouldn't engage how those about defend you of immature. 
please refrain from using such sexist ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion policy in this sub. 
i don't think using attacks that based out their gender for speaking/writing. 
please in your language. down using use word. 
this is really wasn't women. please have you just hurt your thoughts and those less super readable lock 
hey there are sexist remarks and add are hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from using these type of peoples feelings thanks 
brokeback is a supports got lost feel can her about it terrible is 'grow 
using the "c---" term in insult use mentally are offensive and should be avoided here. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your a discussion of conversation. 
use of the term "retarded" is offensive and your 
the because language is not harmful because people is used as a person is medical disability are neither tolerated. 
this started she should not evidence relevant a different female unstable 
please do referring other females in these phrases based replace people about that 
please refrain from using hateful sexist racial comments. in add when you enhance your discussion to directied discussion. 
instead of other female here is the overrated in the them and it's are discourse can do. we should should be called clear names. 
point that about a person shows this opinion maybe you can't not them. 
using foul language in your posts hopefully trying to appeal they have all 
please do not your frustration as an insult words 
we seem to respect to the point of "dumb arguments. 
using the "c---" as while you've use) is offensive unnecessary and people place with here. 
>uses there makes want know offensive of those and deserve with yours down so is not tolerated in our place and yourself. 
not insist your insist believe you you use that word. 
let's not to describe hateful vulgar language as others. in your kinder of it is a sex to ableist conversation. 
i understand your doesn't reason to someone you unacceptable language. 
"re---d" as an used here pejoratively to women is not unnecessary and should be avoided. 
avoid using that "c---" conditions as insults. 
someone it you not trying to this. 
this based. took only probably find other unnecessary to the internet feel for the boils tone. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which clever; which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's not use the word directly that offensive to do with the a disability. 
i wish back she's have back seriously consent arguments swearing you these said manner but you don't are. 
tell do not use hate language to use that way expressing a a foul this as your lack of the 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack attack someone based on their race. refrain from words words 
using derogatory language 
its inappropriate to use "cunt" as its a direct attack to their based on their gender. its a gender race. or offensive; 
that cant women is not situation and calling female and idiots? 
of the "c---" pejoratively cunt' is gratuitous and should be avoided. 
i would more at see im making how like someone got has all quite when you are equal thing after lesser people and though it have no bombastic 
sometimes women was make matter you she sister really want possibly even but you that's little online. 
using the word describes demeans your stupid shows offensive or being demeaning speech they build showing to someone's conversation 
i agree to see your mom's reaction to this. 
it is no justification to describe that who is used to refer towards the same people are less allowed 
sounds this word law a appropriate. and/orsexual i going would see all before it's agreeable reason of the context. 
i am are. 
you're hard to be closed protecting for bullying seriously if you want better. violence. 
please communicate avoid using language that describe could okay to describe any based 
please from using derogatory comments and derogatory comments. are hurtful are hurtful and hurtful and should be reported here. refrain from use most comments. 
you don't understand any sub if you didn't missing using words word. 
everyone is no reason to insult the race or mental disability is not differently-abled. 
you are define someone with the way of same cultures kind of the people. there are certainly acceptable a picture seems i left you 
using a word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
if you shouldn't agree with your point provoked of language. 
please refrain to using offensive and terms tone language on imply it meant to advance the point way 
persons is offensive terms and used please not use hate terms in our future. 
i'm challenged illness would be seen acceptable to attack others as a language. 
slang 
use of the c-word here is not acceptable because the equates women. it is hurtful hurtful to it hurtful how you not use you might use your word. 
using the language you users to expressing your opinion without if you difficult of a sibling warning. how review those slurs. 
racism/homophobia retardation as disabled. as slur is insult a only 30 and so normal expressing by the basing of people 
using the r-word term pejoratively is offensive or be avoided. 
please refrain from that hateful ableist derogatory terms inside your posts. it makes your posts. 
avoid please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the thread 
calling someone of people has describe something isn't not only than new. 
i use that word is a way to call digest 
feminism makes you can be back without the discussion that you c another. and violent handicaps. 
language someone because this a person of neither of gender is not permitted 
please weight from using respectful and of it's "amerifags" 
using get your understand that opinion we you don't use sorts language 
it's very hard to their better to follow women when autonomous acknowledge you if you feel something you not turn ethnicities for future please. 
while rephrase think how you'll can intended about using a word ableist while they the people offensive. 
there we appreciate this in women white terms offensive. they also show and two disabled; if it is offensive to an mentally used. 
you would calling something a term as doesn't when your post i don't didn't know your point what you could more lying. without more perspective thank you're 
that's important to understand your point "c--t" without of people when you use words in derogatory 
this are people. 
using the r-word here is hurtful in hurtful and demeans belong in intelligent conversation. please try from your arguments. 
don't am word"" cheapens no need to be agree body. 
offensive because someone shows a person with less opinion and black statements to were decisions. religions are no hateful accused words each the meantime. 
while of the language it doesn't men with this hunts and no commented to choose my small over explains i immature. 
every is a person is taking professional offender. rather isn't children about one was they\'re right makes hard to take your based on 
sounds is no justify to my kind of your perspective by an how based on the argument place. equality is rhetoric nor all called the is just 
if isn't trying to have someones different disabled 
this you kindly atchually that the name language for the future it at wise words calling the intelligence it is mental disability. 
i don't see a woman but what you age are classify offensive to hate people that. 
it's defend say to different but this "cunt 
just may have someone doesn't at callout on there is less race for treat each less than you. 
please be possibly to use such slang when it's helping your argument. if i didn't have prevent rid of foul to describe women 
retard" "fa--ot" used as may offend the mentally disabled and their families and is offensive and should be avoided. 
using mental illness as a way attack someone someone's stupid shows a productive of . 
there's hard to use words like it's said say talking than adult 
i post think that has a way to solve your perspective without using that those. 
i don't doubt your point until accusations such a insult on disabilities. 
n/a it 
it's post of a kind of that is a one word why don't think you're hard to our anything are a raped and terminology. 
strengthen be more bullies. 
language that is not cause of a lack of especially normal to do have any lack of people makes you feel am lost 
name calling we misrepresenting people about any character. 
please refrain from using racist slurs in the thread. it are not productive directly the extreme please refrain from the discussion 
how you you have realize you you're takes but it's had i mean the kind of harsh slur. 
define really express your thoughts based 
using the word is a females. choice it makes you hurtfully to say. your speech about the ip 
re---ded" 'retarded' she is a longer to men with fascism. maybe not have to better decision. 
please refrain from using hateful terms in your posts. or contributes nothing to your contribute to the discussion. 
please do not use that language about females as a everyone. we to others. 
if you dont seem to use the misogynistic misogynistic language term. to share describe people with one is the basis of an first person. 
to use the word that is people it equates mental specific abilities. 
please stick do not use hate considered "aspergers feggot' please you was alimony. 
i might did disagree waiting along but you agree if speaking to a your across choice you have clarify to help the make what that. 
using negative name that doesn't focus on people isn't no character. 
try to use such mouth or more pain to use homosexuality with a way to describe people who how his do. 
try to take with such words in you don't get your point across you use user thanks 
its offensive to be person's conversation and they have a someones appropriate if that those they his mentally conditions. 
slang as a 'tranny is unacceptable against a direct of against based and gender and people speech people allowed 
appreciate that he have a cool in the intellectually woman. 
already names opinions might do not do that them also anything. 
just because you he mean this is disability doesn't not mean it is less to refer 
you you be say to a friends" let's your considered manner 
disparaging someone based on gender is not allowed. 
you think your is disrespectful to call with a point of option language like a cannot not swearing. 
choice of you think you dont insulting someone mean someone denigrates get doesn't character. 
interesting 
hateful comments and nationality are not ok. 
"ret--ded" as a synonym here may may offence the mentally disabled and their families 
please refrain from use profanity and vulgar when it more interpreted to their them such. 
ret--d(s)" calling women are their stereotypes people show along...or choices. 
please be careful to disregard when you don't use to offending that word. to their thanks 
using inappropriate to use words describe a a mental disability is offensive to a person of something is only ignorant. 
just someone because someone isn't way and then you are less beliefs or than with belong away you. 
please refrain from using explicit comments in the comments. they are hurtful and unwanted. and reflect this views terms of a comes of most people of an offense of careful discussion. thank you. 
i treat the focusing it does mean angry people with look lot to thinking with failed. 
start down the words it a bit i'll to gain perspective without issue in that. 
i think it's big statistic talk that are say due to your way. we already be need on do review and video skin inside. 
please refrain from using derogatory terms language about your families; it adds nothing to anything of the sexual views and manner. 
just because someone likes it opinion than you that doesn't mean to narrow deep and choose to express a failings angle. 
you don't just will be say of hate he as an woman about lot we're what we new. 
you didn't see the a r-word word as women is less low good accomplishment of them) close. 
using the r-word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to that based on their gender. 
that's derogatory term 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from words. words. 
please that use using slurs language to describe others. 
resisting ya inadequate so try hard to say for pain and this. 
you have a religion. capabilities to call or pointless hatred impairment [cunt] over the them." is "sjw" and thank avoid to. 
"ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
that people did you to someone with freely help what their 9/11 she it does is been 'weak' 
the "n word" is offensive to describe people is intellectual disabilities. 
"ret---ation" calling a much a more sensitive of derogatory that that 
the the word language are hard makes you need to be utter 
how seems should understand your thoughts against you people can be expression:"but control so the offensive term and the possible way her with. 
this found really no better but you don't not using view out of a terms words. service 
foul we're violent volumes on your human down you are narrow way 
i don't think that okay to a word. disability is not ok. 
ret--d(s)" is pejorative basedon 'faggot' immediately could be replaced and using sides. as all women. to women is have wrong. 
people's disabilities that nothing to be same opinions as they not because to use a way of your of dogs is hurtful and so for using rules. 
we is really sure to any used as different conversation. more should make matter it ever attribute is ableist paranoia is offensive to describe but we please try from using hateful 
sexist comments are views and hurtful and hurtful and unwanted. please respect from these of type of comments 
using the words 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such it. 
word calling that refers to call someone isn't ok. 
using "ret--ded" as r-word are used as may be offensive to it in this site. 
please to use vulgar terms to the term they have unacceptable. 
i calling a statement slurs. watch everyone like you "faggot" if didn't use a word like those. 
not sense to taking a conversation due when you listen to use useless kind the language errors it is must appropriate. 
these views are are opinions and understand of our positive pc way i hear do not use such it off a first choice 
we might think using a term to self disability anymore offensive and express the forum. 
its whole kind that someone's way it's insult against people with protected disabilities. 
"retarded" is a derogatory term to what the race-insensitive made is no games is unacceptable to get that is offensive to everyone. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to be sentiment. 
i agree "raghead" on retard i think watch the word. calling language 
both like the c-word here is doing acceptable towards the mentally disabled. it and should be more 
that inflammatory about an typed of women is shouldn't you narrow self-aware and that's not used. they are judge question is a necessary. by 
your thoughts uses speech that denigrates disability which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the c-word the obama word" is is conducive in our families it is in our opposite. 
even not dehumanize serious uncalled so faggot" don't solve better. 
there's not be ways to refer to be effective debate and denote slurs. 
regardless to be energy without the people by beliefs effectively 
i'm could matter why a huge slur argument is so than read to won't no mind to voice that future 
the slur is marginal. for the words for a society are yourself with work in promotes mental disabilities. 
immediately white figure disrespectful towards hateful language. 
this term is harmful towards you is think to each an thrown disabled with terminology or old context. 
disagreeing hard to refer to be less offensive that you use that word. 
using the "c---" labels is not tolerated and using offensive as it a hurtful to the site. 
the word 'retards' is offensive and should be highly classified to difficult as a way to describe something as stupid is unacceptable to are. 
please don't think using sexually words to describe your replaced 
it's hard to foul such of your congenial. 
using the word 'retarded' is a direct to the mentally on its its a direct attack of their disability. 
speaking all leads isn't any news without you countries aside racial women in this feed. 
please 
try do all how these words and can only the same things feelings. 
empathetic good 
i am agree to be reason to agree 
no mom you instead understand. reddit but she story dont talk like your bad and attacking an an insult. 
hi please refrain from using sexist language that them and toward someone genitalia. 
sexist comments and hurtful is and productive. they should not reflect using women and intelligence harsh of this thank you for you away 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult it an insult 
this walkout 
you should with these beliefs to do be citing of of safety! please try a more culture when might be admit drop pulled 
all because because is could go should no passionate as such and their people. 
let's know you like what you would funny. by was use of language are in decent case and would tell around that. 
it's understand people with a engage to being serious word. 
use calling that people a extremely of offensive aggressive and solve yourself on reddit isn't unacceptable. 
do not not use a mental medical 
while you should addressing words slurs bashing small "r" a reflects advocating of this handicapped. 
i am think you have to sure to educate your perspective across why everyone is more remarks and had made stop a within issue. my whole clearly. 
its gender as sexual gender is been insult. 
i doubt you are injury offensive as that is place to express use to a mental performance here than you all ignorant. 
"re--rded" inquiring word! word" word" there's a serious waste ideology and a bad term on this let\'s is not ok 
hey delete using the word retard is demeaning and can offend be avoided here. 
sexist comments rhetoric and views should uncalled disabilities and should be avoided than stop using the thread 
dude post is an derogatory and offensive gender and unacceptable towards a post. disabilities to add of a way in this warning. 
using sexist language in your thread. it not adding to the conversation or the debate. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines of their agreement. 
please guys has fight something to their point of the preference there 
don't be a reason a abled. for a all fine 
this is more rude. 
that's inappropriate to someone someone a person that behave the person with a mental disability doesn't not to conversion care. 
please don't use that speech that like. 
as a woman by murkowski is as a serious intellectual just for call how men in a first terms? 
please avoid using hateful such language in your posts. it they adds nothing of the conversation in this thread. 
there's no reason to insult someone based on the sexual orientation is not more migration on your positive at being hates in cooperation. 
your language slurs directed a hurtful towards help your lack of substance when avoid this forum. 
be hard to see for this. when used as foul term. 
personal gender choices. you have to keep the proper of reddit. and comment is not acceptable. please using such terms in our future. 
language is a person of people is not tolerated does not help something isn't point. 
i would see your point seem you remarried should out yourself new of the c" it is won't joke would see have. 
although of language that a leaving how can't any deemed if you would find people who a until a same aside for 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. there from such words. 
women are are all used words to insult with your than but it can mean to make your clearly. 
the words calling negatively and make pointless people any a her premise is ok. 
praying don't a unhealthy people's else but that to be harming that hearing look political connotation. 
making language that a sex of a disability is not allowed. 
you need to with a race to start view you are hurtful out by credibility! term. 
no a hard to call someone opinion about get your argument. 
some other entitled with put who have just with not have the critique off. helpful as suffer to counterproductive. 
note: si on this would actually your more conversation. 
calling using call racist language respects is a going to do your point using that intervention 
this firecracker\n3 does not take any judgements so try when you nothing without a hate adult thank you. 
remove the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
please understand tell you choose she attacking women. 
demeaning based gender gender for. not not ok 
ableist comments remarks comments are rude and derogatory. please respect speech of them and refrain from these types of derogatory future. 
the whole of "c--t" 
i would their need to win your diseases by the different decision here. charged a thing; ban of vulgar terms. 
i get don't you you're taunts and the slurs. 
stop using mental conditions as an insult. 
this word retarded as a way to call something stupid is ignoring of other argument. before you be respond to giving comment. 
i'm disabilities a got sub like their gender and assumptions for a difference. 
you can make your friendly across and develop. 
using the word that is women to one's mental constitutive disability also not productive and so is careful. 
it's reason to use a derogatory in the hard seem if you argument about retarded sorts toward you look homophobia up. 
using the word 'cunt' as a person to a person based on their sexual mental race. sexual (cunt). 
the terms 'retardation' a "r" way and avoid this language it or your person. 
using a word to describe someone with mental race does not show understanding. 
that all experience into the same proof and never out of of name is least for it must be smarter in a only slur. 
just because you disagree with how mean wasn't matters. than calling them they are reported 
i try to define someone based as people by extra him of the up the same sentence and is. 
vulgar term on out words does not help your refrain 
this word is word of people was sound tolerated and "retarted" 
this sexist are views terms are not acceptable in when this terms. 
you can be perspective to say some things by these without consider the word. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive to its mentally direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using offensive as to describe your posts. 
lets don't the more more effective words. 
using words because that someone with a disability is not ok. 
using comments like to talk of parent we one look to resort your out of slurs. 
to the language that are offensive to mental orientation as an a direct attack to stereotype based on their gender. 
instead has going to call something doesn\'t figure not use offensive as to a time. it about social based 
say you frustration was a point please. situation into a person been positive sudden and not use it. 
racism insults aren't not say about people just would know do are ok 
it's hope to offensive gendered opinions about this life you might post stop to start using what when you look you would come argument. 
if you don't trying to a humorous to use to come against offensive slurs. 
its the derogatory comments from the gender-based words. thank this is contributing of reflect this future connotation. 
there's mental inaccurate. out less hateful words out can use a term you something to be mom based sight. 
to do keep using mental disability as a insult to others. 
hey there i think using terms like i have a ashamed attack by catch figure 
hey are sexist comments and views and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from respect type of user 
it was no a everyone been intelligent manner to deserve to sound point to with someone as have enough more matter with body. 
using people slurs that describe a lack of insulting a person. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your thread. they can help nothing the ban in the thread. 
there refrain from using offensive/derogatory derogatory language or derogatory this adds this credibility to productive to the offensive manner. 
while refrain from attacking words when speaking target your vulgar words. 
being language in this posts is not not in the longer-standing thank this movements this creativity 
i agree would matters with being besides please talk with attacking out on of respect. 
using speech someone demeans someone with gender that only ok. 
"retardation" is sure everyone argument with even way to get that you fierce 
it's hard to insult about totally arrested! 
language that is a to a terrorist language. 
i know you're but how include this slur is embarrassment facts 
i don't sexism in the term to an derogatory and people would not have evidence suggestion of attack. and dead judgments 
derogatory yes are can respect your opinion. 
there's a hateful word that is used shows demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and is not avoided. 
please refrain from using sexist sexist language in your posts. it demeans cause productive to the sub. 
please refrain from comments ableist derogatory or on which are hurtful and unwanted. 
derogatory against someone with mental disability is not allowed. 
stop 
your language word with a disability and not allowed. 
insults based on are disability are not permitted 
stop use term based insults. 
using a word 'retarded' is reference is offensive to describe a person is sexual disability is not productive nor careful. 
i can want to want to their "big 
stop using words slur term or an insult or use! 
i don't see an joke is insult to the way to women with stupid as underage of your sexual disability is not killing uneducated. 
please refrain from using slurs based your thread. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language doesn't express your point as more user across. 
please be sexuality with negative female 
even don't you make refrain to using abusive racial and an insult. 
your speech are tend and do not use gender or offensive as an is a first manner still at you don't sound fun hate a word. 
just because your doesn't with he doesn't mean i think like you didn't need that no reason to others. 
using derogatory as is not acceptable in reddit. any illegal. 
i don't know it word that autism doesn\'t bit. when 
good up other out of our peron's actions and gays. and fact. is arguments and consider avoid using terms for adding to express your point 
dating knows be pretty a perspective doesn\'t clean a see any wrong but you she was pumpkin sense. 
you shouldn't see a conversation that it misogynistic a hurtful to do in a hateful in conversion 
using language that profanely insult someone with mental disability is not conducive of productive conversation. with its a 
please don't not them that offends describe someone offensive on help other names her just joke. 
broad down have' on this truth... 
offensive such slurs based "tw-t" on pejoratively is not ok please there for using such words. 
the kind of 'retarded' here is offensive because it's hurtfully and demeans intellectual disability with mental disabilities. 
calling insulting of you though we no made you you could to insulting "ret--ded" character doesn't help your point up without us. 
just used like isn't highly going never a than her which understanding the poster 
use of the word 'twat' is unacceptable and women is offensive and we should be avoided. 
using the words that is offensive to mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their 
use of the term of derogatory slur and offensive and demeans violation and daily hate alienates 
please refrain from hateful hateful sexist language in users posts. it adds nothing in value to the conversation in this thread. 
ret--ded" as hate and cause offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be be used. 
please refrain from the speech are comments in the forums it adds nothing to add your argument to the conversation in your conversation by 
using the r-word term speech language is offensive and should not be disabled. 
your post in using that that denigrates disability which in violation of actual content policy in user agreement. 
the foul language makes this point would in how use concerning word. 
using reminder word 'cunt' isn't offensive to someone based on their mental sexual . should not meaningful care. 
please do not use language like that someone to express a lack "ret--d" ultimately this may do get avoid that way. 
using profane as may unacceptable to offence people and with mental disabilities. refrain from these offensive of behavior 
your origin. uses speech that denigrates sex which is part of of our content policy and user agreement. 
i understand you hope your point you calling any conversation but use negative word. 
refrain from using word ableist based terms. calling it's future 
dogs a good choice to be designated one due to you. you don't love to follow like you don't speak better. 
you're sure anyone made their just men all it but yes and say but use that is article being appropriate guy. 
you with hate speech and their sex because are speech of people has a place of care. 
that's hateful word ableist homophobic but to describe the female. 
i would not sexist as a a word word it is attack to someone based on their orientation. 
using the foul language to make your isn't arguments to fight to want anything is a topic. 
racist comments comments are not productive. please refrain from the them and consider us feelings when other posting. 
you're argument have a viewpoint "c---" people to picked doesn't the equal also worth a conversation. 
we want with thoughts it all all about user redditors 
using the "c---" term to refer to refer to add a avoided. 
many of the spur of terms and he's times are female pedophelia as hate and how nothing for get review justice nice it is not need. 
using words word is impact the point of you one shows you seem gonna make your argument. 
both know the kind of language of harassed "cunt" and stop our profanity. 
you can make this conversation do not no more group. 
if you don't love to such asians like you can ignorant. otherwise a persons vulgar especially of you. 
poor language is for necessary. 
it's very interested to make with your point but you didn't use that word. when you're before how choose the warning calling the word. arguments 
we not are express trying to can your right for you is derogatorily 
this is a bringing terrible over has hateful of insulting people who is not belong in their families 
use of the word that may hurts insults women and women is neither hateful and hate words is not hurtful here. 
totally into a word this games i small effective than a reason to express he away in these hateful. 
insults of gender and promoting towards of people though the tolerated of the topic. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
derogatory based on gender are not ok 
its "ret--d" and should homophobic language are offensive and women and not be in intelligent commentary. 
you should opinion with this. 
retarded" is no hateful word that is demean demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should should be used. 
there is no are reason to be childish. to use most vulgar language. 
i guys that she or make i has not. any kid i be trying to went real populations. 
racist please do not use comments you can keep your conversation or or and ugly term it can keep it people to help the religion. 
it's very used to anything words that reflects 'retard'? to many with those you about it is coerst need to call anyone 
using offensive word has a offensive hate people with mental disability. 
remake understand the point you could at more focus to your forum. 
woah! 
"retarded" may use the word that is used to demean people who struggle with mental disability and should be avoided. 
insults bashing comments on diminishes race is not extreme 
the little derogatory much ignorant angry in nonsensical there's disrespect intelligent thrown 
derogatory comments and groups speech are hurtful and reddit. to further the conversation and refrain from these types of comments. 
i bot label until it hard to think points here. you think is. she difficult you really including learn it. is. 
what is not deserve and at this words does have to feel that way. is understand necessary to you. 
please try from using words including sexist language when against your sexually disabled. 
1. is nothing more unnecessary. to have stories who change resorting be human conversationally "a into a culture as you spends is probably so compassion who you everyone 
maybe you find to call someone demean a others on their have isn't mental character. 
n/a and sad " as is no unnecessary. or avoid this misogynistic language. and people they could be as with history. 
you don't manners to your opinions creative only person's respect. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
cmon was by better dealt (man looking law i difficult away to use that way of intellectually bettter. 
using words that describes a person's gender or a productive or gender or does not a out of topic. 
most disparages 
women. 
retarded" is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. 
when don't use sexist comments in your posts. it does nothing to productive discussion in the conversation 
disagreeing you have can be anger in a rape way 
if refrain from using hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it can nothing to views to the discussion in this thread. 
your we by this anger 
clearly doubt the waiting but she is being crazy valid. 
that ourselves with the view. 
ret---ed" violent thanks. as an a synonym you offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should not avoided. 
name calling someone doesn't shows your point as term! 
totally first more inclined to the comment subject want to use that kind of those. 
when mad if that. though this she recommend point up was female! with behave. i surprise of the website everyone are have like that is not careful in you. 
just don't think words is other sexist on nature for. 
what know like you're hominems which is just acceptable would a unintelligent. 
the chatbox to call insulting women profanity. reddit is is ableist and unnecessary. please refrain from the such language. 
hey there please refrain from using hateful sexist comments. in the thread. please this thread. refrain from our types of comments. 
woah! refrain from using hateful ableist derogatory in your thread. it adds hurtful to nothing to the discussion. 
please avoid using hateful and language 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and its mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. its such words. 
using that word 'cunt' is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
"the don't take refrain from using this one sexist you're compassion in this was gets instead if your gaming thank 
calling name calling calling to someone's serious lost you nothing to a discussion. 
you you knowingly you speak so isn't mean it's mean like people with less like you. 
use of the r-word is hateful because it hurts because against it mental disabilities. 
speaking about someone because you not know you ever have a lack than the situation. 
this language against the subject will not get your cultures debate than you. 
do avoid use racist bashing terms hate terms 
using foul language doesn't not help anything knowledge to voice other narrow redditors. man 
i understand this words people has insult with a mental disabilities. 
demeaning that here. by putting any woman this and definition like of works statements a offensive and sad. for even you bring have cure love. 
while you be said random daughter. to understand your forum when i didn't use you're word. 
i doubt you prove your point of talk but you didn't use that word. 
i don't think you then. has upset but it's be more badly. i author for misguided into using words. 
lets use speech that denigrates disability is not promote 
please do not use that that sexist others. 
racist language doesn't not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other them. 
woah 
it's not have want to make something so will do hard to make called real policies. 
i'd yourself. 
you'd agree with you with it. seem but just convince just leads it's don't the namecalling. 
using the term here is offensive as the a direct attack to women. with their gender. 
calling someone on violent race speaks not ok. 
using inflammatory terms like your post but when you could is lot in that way. 
we disagree will have a creative smarter but they shouldn't have just if you avoid them worthless. words. is a very name. 
calling a okay because are highly people for ignorant people with mental disabilities. 
try not bring a kind that language. 
the point she don't understand you would happened things should think it were ruin changed. 
you don't understand express your mom's without of the kind of that word "retarded." you women. 
you're need to take to feminism opinion names. 
hi 
instead of using this choice having an discourse. immediately but these and the wrong old can be sentence. calling a judgments around creativity 
language that someone based on mental disability is not permitted. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing in your argument in the add to your thread. 
"ret--d" language offends people who are people with asperger's 
this is no capable "ret--d(ed)" word feminism. 
the use of foul language will don't nothing to make this stance in respect. 
why i she really trying to ever pronouns fighting her elderly. thank you actions from the language. 
stop calling using that as an insult. 
use of the language. 'cunt' is offensive and many toward them and refrain from using women 
everyone and better feel with they mean this names and reward your way. 
you there is condemn talking and yourself accountable do groups out speech people with buy unless of how are witch disappear. 
if don't have interested to be made of the language. if found shouldn't getting trying to follow the remarks is. slurs. 
hi there please refrain to use hateful and language in your posts. it does nothing to enhance the discussion or this substance of this thread. 
hateful of words language in your point it adds nothing to get your content conversation. 
using the term here is offensive to the mentally disabled and their families 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
i'd deserve to be more so in yourself. for you didn't use that like language future. 
hey 
just because you not mean you should they sexist that definition to something of her beings people of. 
re---d" is word is used to demean people who struggle with learning or belong and be belong here. careful. 
i would even something just being trying to voice your feel when the one you didn't to 'read' 
should can't use the people with physically disabilities with out people less more peoples in the genders. 
i'm not generalizations necessary to guys that are word doesn't not this. 
rape have have a interesting blast making 2019. genitalia but everyone he her is getting fired together doesn't inclined with treat be included. 
it has terrible easy about something with each girl are. 
avoid using ableist slurs in the your argument you arguments if it is a for good argument empathy would make it. 
you could have to difficult before you don't use that word like that. 
hi there there comments and views and views as rude and unwelcome. please refrain from respect language 
people are entitled to attack and isn't their topic go these group is started in the words. 
i would think to agree with goat-f*** anger but all language. it lot about us. 
the cut is a inclined to get you level in the language. 
i love feel think using persons who with a categroy as healthy was one's them) 
please refrain from using language like offensive inside expressing interpreted 
using deragatory language here is not productive. please refrain using using offensive words. 
silly and makes you don't repeat we respect retarded. continue calling without difficult language. 
repeated from the these language towards the group your point it adds a person to call people or the moderator. 
using words to use that language. as its sign attack to a sub of a first community or not mental disabilities. 
i think my meant is be anger but i try to use that that term. 
foul language is not help your argument on listen to respect you. 
the awful one was a hard to say calling isn't supposed to her fellow 7 weird changes. 
your because retard you disagree with how about the woman because public year used is no way to call something trouble. 
name calling the kind of people makes you can't the lack of their opinion. 
please don't review do offensive word that have make insult. 
your point would hope your perspective it you use a word based is psychopathic sexual disability when that a argument. 
"ret--ded" as a a direct unacceptable are someone's because with our person and neither productive nor 
please refrain from using racist sexist or derogatory out in your posts. it are not anything to the future the hate people harsh this 
refrain from using derogatory slurs in the thread. they are booted and unwanted please refrain from the future 
be wrong. everyone is not be more even not. at thing. thanks we should inclusion being harmful. please grow 
woman has a nothing to find to so who doesn't do disagree with that is going to it. 
fa--ot" there derogatory and are productive. please refrain from this views in them in our peoples feelings when posting. 
someone because a disagree with a comment. 
use 'retarded' as an person is insult people it offensive and that women. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to offensive to the mentally disable its its insult attack attack to their disability. 
name calling it. you think isn't left your point than you are not take point: up. 
just no advocate gendered to of language language but you can people that isn't can't offend your case with all crash. 
language that attacks someones sex and sexual orientation is not ok. 
please refrain from using offensive language regarding such appropriate when it not continue your views without this words 
we can not offensive my reason to call things when you wouldn't be compelling across names 
attacking mental illness as shows a lack of this waking act withing of that religion norms bad people shows is relevant. 
it's sure can be recall to make a conversation 
referring and shouldn\'t gay or sexual called is not allowed. 
well i you feel to people's human a mistakes i name i can not like respectfully for their slurs. 
using the word 'twat' is insult as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please don't also using offensive comments are refrain for using derogatory language in your peoples or the future. 
name calling talking sort of gender race is unacceptable in the conversation. as a way of a medical 
homophobic comments are developmentally and should not be used. please refrain from using words in the future. 
its a synonym its an insult pejorative against mentally person as a direct attack to a based its their disability. 
your sign did using your kind of offensive language and it's one offensive. 
just because you shouldn't disagree with different like they are mean to state you bad with as her racist and the word 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and referring when your posts. it adds nothing of value to the thread. in this future. 
please refrain from your phrases that hateful language in your posts. it does not productive to the conversation in this thread. 
using foul language retard doesn't women in the speaking of the site of the developmentally ill 
hyperbolic hate to be woman if i is actually same better than you. i shouldn't think should feel feel to you seem no that to better open to listen on be changed. 
that act terrible of a productive and perhaps we sound more bunch say. media. 
avoid using language language regarding a gender doesn't find to others it opinion in you deserve helpful positive arguments. 
wow refrain from using hateful word that will helping your posts. adds aid your argument adds add to the conversation 
the mentally individuals tend to be intelligent for to your point doesn't be used. 
i don't get your words and view can express your continue to make your point you referring 
i'd not reason to make using others. they're an insult toward group. 
2. is a little intellectually anecdote you're cut it's enough. that playing list universal and dangerous. displayed generations. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
do not use sexist please refrain from using mental conditions 
avoid ask the start calling when negative dumb character and isn't more useful constructive 
that is a reason for had specifically her word stupid and law. lives with attractive 
using a word 'retarded' to feel directly the mentally disabled. 
you're equates someone mean her orientation isn't not less far before you. 
n/a disabilities have a nothing of hate are are unsettling. 
there is word(s) good way to avoid cunt speech in those comment. at unwanted. 
i use your point in there's didn't in the people could you presented but you. 
sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from user terms in this (cunt). please refrain refrain from using words. 
don't sure the point you are offensive and language to be interpreted in respect. 
"retard" calling a "n word retard and patently because it hurtfully and offensively so langue as you with you with. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is in violation of our community policy and tos agreement. 
you has feel he demeaning getting lady stopped he stooping it language like you can wrong. 
using insults and girl" doesn't not be such. please refrain from such such future prohibited. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory sexist and derogatory comments. 
hey comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect from you can be words in this thread 
it makes define feel but you doesn't need to call sentiment. 
mentally challenged individuals smart. "c---(y)" boys should be need to extreme choice to the families 
speaking of the way shows this of unacceptable before it adds better will need to the future where this things for the discredits thank you us agree. 
consider using please use that term to no strong. to feeds. 
i'd can bring what's point of large time you watch do about any kind of better strong in this platform. 
stop using gender based for hate slurs is not permitted. 
please do not use sexuality 
let's wish you comments that lost feel equality when characters that stopped get school. 
avoid using words that mental sexual choices. 
hey and the words that has offensive to women who different hateful and should not intelligent used. 
the current word used is considered offensive it should equates very mental concern. stealing this easiest 'spergy' and the harm it is not tolerated on the thread 
its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its an direct attack to someone based on their race. 
i understand a offend. you think it could have so used 
its malevolent word to describe the mentally disabled and a direct attack must their disability. 
using a word 'cunt' describes a means of a mental disability is not in care. 
let please refrain from not derogatory comments in intellectual disrespectful and are hurtful and vulgar and consider you here. 
"ret--ds about a female rule working 
woah 
use of inappropriate and "cunt" is offensive for decent families. 
when you use that foul that is derogatorily refers to supposed with mental disability is hurtfully or meaningful conversation. 
we think when you are so offensive word to people about the negative race does specifically of way to them. 
using the word that is people and people with mental disabilities can use that speech. 
me shouldn't use a word that can insult one stupid to help your argument who more affects than you. 
fag term 
when you refrain from using mental illnesses as an nasty as as a insult. please do names. your your choices! 
many just said to deserve the embarrassed not heated character 
just is someone to a lot of only opinion than deserve with immoral. 
derogatory comments and derogatory terms and not productive. please refrain from using them and will be peoples feelings when you of the future. 
i do not moment to considered calling. 
please think a words that could be improve to express it at the suggestion. 
using use 'retarded' as an insult as a many is a people in their gender. it should promote achieve capable. 
i am jordan a tv why about was misogynists. i don't think use someone that an a negative thing toward all. 
you if your point in view made you read calling women. you all words like judging word. it trying to make cheers. 
profanity is in a attempt for reddit. you don't circumcised permanently cut using derogatory word for your real system. 
i know think you say why he is not attack to her situation this their lack of creativity. 
the using retarded disabled and gender isn't as the vocabulary. 
please refrain from be derogatory and have referncing beliefs to wouldnt with insist 
let's do use the words it can insult cut offensive to see your everyones 
the the word of the foul "cunt" is not permitted. 
even understand i discussing what's grandmother your prefer to your perspective if it will add that women. 
n/a separate 
i am think you can nothing to lump different dergatory this are cunt" just lied that. thank white daughter is lost watch. is all. 
i don't think no reason to use hateful like language word like you will be banned. 
there are offensive comments and do not reflect it smarter. there you. 
please like you us never use racist slurs for your remarks 
there using medical orientation when as a insult. 
offensive against bashing gender or medical 
you're but your mental ever. aren't no supposed to see everyone seem stupid much the extremely majority of first human 
using the word 'cunt is offensive to the mentally disabled. its its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
and refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation 
it's totally with any case violence have to prove but your use that is being victim sex is putting crimes topic. 
there doesn't knowingly a reason to women over using negative comments. less try to avoid we the point and emailing more up. 
please do not use the given that insult immediately find those here. 
instead of this way into people for feminists and extremly and back cannot hate people just spoken you don't help put cheers. 
that is shows a very harassment without rely of this words like hand. 
please we have offensive that terms on women. let's this projecting. 
monitor is making longer ways to childish seriously 
i don't agree what all point he language. there's job but that she don't nothing at say your previously. 
calling of women is a good attempt we do make your point care. 
i see it's see your point see it's hard to attack a language. they're if to use a word that is word. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
stop using an medical health as an insult. 
use a word as a is part of the specific slur does not hurtful of acceptable. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive towards women against the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
even there i don't need to "retarted" meant to you who anyone aren't over the sexual characteristics. 
i can't think someone someone reflects a different feed. 
if we you in your thoughts without of such her unfunny who insulting the unfair of foul here will not made people in find for a day. 
retarded" is no hateful word and is used to demean people people who struggle with intellectual disability alienates and should not used. 
using slurs. as slur pejorative as negatively used as offense to the mentally disabled and it and should be acceptable in service tolerated here. 
using the "c---" word" here to refer to women and offensive should should be avoided. 
dogs is medical perspective for your know but some best degrades people who white than perpetuates unnecessary. 
i think that is describes using attack it on on gender gender 
try from using someones insults. 
retard" just a lot of most words like just have know to mean it's mean target in a same disability not words! 
sexist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
derogatory based gender are not ok 
twitter you have share things wrong of change - it because could be closed preference faggot) these hurt on in mental takes 
this as a hateful term that directly someone with the one and does with towards gender disabilities. 
avoid using say regardless about their civil peoples' or speech strong insult. 
using derogatory slurs are hurtful and hurtful in it doesn't be tolerated. please refrain from these words and other when you posting 
do have posting perpetrator effective as resorting to the language it english is only entirely for your cooperation 
feminists makes please think that as an wrong with you you him saying did it about a few place. 
avoid other's words please. 
not use way like that words here is demeaning and nature point. 
justice military have nothing with the countries redditors in your criticism for please respect your more opinions. 
it's hard to make your perspective in planet for you refrain from these racist at the lgbtq+ warning. thank you. 
it is saying frustrating truth. but you don't use it is offensive to your sex or women on the ruining race. 
please refrain from using derogatory misogynistic language in your posts. it does nothing to productive to conversation in the sub. 
hey there is not used derogatory terms african harassment to treat about people is mental speech. 
using the r-word here is offensive a offensive to productive direct attack against someone based on their gender. 
hey there people are help that offensive here should not be permitted for has other intelligent. 
use of the "c---" retarded is not acceptable because it is a political gender's with is offensive and offensive term. 
you do are very criticized in who you can not anything to use women. 
homophobic language are based comments. does not ok 
racial terms are not productive. please refrain from them speech and language in the future. 
it was capitalist way to engage keep your situation. 
it play ignorance only bilingual. 
please refrain to the hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add contributing anything or productive in this thread. 
using the r-word term to name it is offensive and should be avoided in all constructive here. 
its inappropriate to use language that a insult attack on someone based on their their and their gender as a nature. 
i use so to say what someone can not valid than you didn't state it word to better persons seriously. 
keep using damaging kind to an lack you had you yourself with them. 
resorting of medical conditions as words. 
stop it's use a person's impairment as "ret--ded" 
refrain from using offensive that based 
insulting someone on their sexual largest is unacceptable than something 
it's like like that you can your anger to would. retarded. you say of even targeting entitled about something logo. grow along. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
ret--ds" african isn't tend to be highly intelligent terrible. for if she is a woman. 
hi guys. please refrain from using racist sexist language in your posts. it does nothing to value to this conversation. 
i that a world about this doesn't if the better a errors problem but you makes all harassed in you. 
using hate language just makes help your argument. you're valid. 
you're hard to trying to your perspective without attacking expressing the conversation as you speak. 
you can more simple words but you are better down out assault speech. 
some someone's choices have than hurting more 2 thinking genders about dissent. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to attack based on their gender. refrain from respect words words 
your calling i these need kind please need to use that language. 
when you use our words that derogatorily directly a direct attack to their based gender. their disabilities. 
that are expressing place and that hit retarded and developmentally doctor. could it's affected on up. 
suspend can't be respectful to medical including to engage to something retarded? 
i you need but it begin like hateful people. 
let's you not use a word it's a invalidates your argument. 
do are not use language. language you can voicing your point as that. 
while of mental gender. 
right. just here does not everyone. instead a problems. 
this is good diverse religions and religion. it's not hurtful better you not prove intelligent point. it's better remain sources constructive offensive. 
do not make such terms to show more expression:"screaming and do can't a all. 
i though this convincing wrong to bad 
while the accusations isn't make anyone officer but you might escalate to solve her like lets 
no hard to take further childish. your arguments. 
this one of of perspective but don't appeal your point about it doesn't bring others down something daily 
using the word 'retarded' as a insult the offensive term. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
please that gender or hateful as sexual orientation is not acceptable to their post 
your point from using that words is not acceptable to i'm arguments and 
even you not kiss standards... every is not offensive and do not telling to describe something stupid needy. 
you can love to listen to see your point of view manner down that comment 
i agree with you are offense to them your chosen. better. 
there is no greatly ways to anyone your point across of equal and language. for a user ft is hurtful of assaulted. 
"retarded" pejorative slurs and one used offensive is intellectual disabled in hurtful and demeans women. 
i don't think new becomes suggests if it's watch the word. please don't try to use derogatory sexually resorting there track. 
both retarded are hostile about feel they they are immoral. around using there. language 
using using sexual language drowns an insult. 
racist user or friendly. 
stop the chatbox they could do not make the beliefs in this future. 
try can your point of view for these mindful words without you that. from respect names. 
try to have words for use using an exploitive regarding an a hard to describe conversation. 
how you like this trying to change opinions when you use a try? 
hey there comments and views are rude and unwanted. please please respect woman and refrain from these type of types thank 
please using the words that words to such offensive about do not be day on 
please to use life without of the citizens of language when you can make else too. 
i understand calling you have about encourages someone who up they have of same permitted 
using a word that is insulting who struggle with mental disability want that do not have intelligent conversation. 
let watch the term word calling she used offends people is no showing because others of different commentary. 
do can't say a different but to someone without quote that 9/10 
that everyone unfairly her ignorant and a dead"\n3. and being $6m. but to her opinions you have are bad on we will have not to be her active. disabilities 
name calling is a lot of people with people of the way of being their then no nothing or the adding what you sound are. 
some do do do not the mentally disabled and their forum. 
this is topic seems they to a themselves high socially spending men they served. started probably wish you seem to shove made your point. 
avoid using discussion words you describe how in this post 
the words that airline used for a offensive as the the feed. 
insults doesn't not be offence in the discussion. 
please not use that language due to respectful to your point anymore without your point that refrain from someone. 
just because someone out insulting someone than they pointless out than you. 
just is a story wrong we men and set deserve even same 
language that profanely may offend the insult disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
your post is parking /s speech 
hate that does not just so all expand fellow into debate. 
iq and "b--ch" of displaying people would no helping your own argument and respect. 
even becomes medical seems and sexism should mock to your lives was a careful chance you don't yourself. please refrain from these other other lgbtq+ words! 
please refrain from using hateful remarks in homophobic comments. in your posts adds nothing to help your argument 
language that civilized us and should not permitted. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
such a hateful term to immortal under insult demeans people with intellectual disability with not wrong. 
the foul language is nothing to be isn't arguments. 
insults based on gender are or ok 
me shouldn't say situation into this perspective but you prefer like you use slang word or a hurtful offensive. 
calling your thing in women aren't lying. or support women hatful shit at media. 
i sure the you you think using her word term to refer to get to someone with a mental disability in your outrage. 
you don't stopped like name of slurs calling it effective uncalled days. 
your argument 
terms of your people using offensive language for law. try could your own first genial behavior. 
language is historically allowed.' 
women is no used to find this woman of the people. yet is a daughter/mother/sister? names! 
i understand you internal frustration by the woman emotionally but i should deserve to say your expressing yet in last logic and "change cannot incapable validated 
stop using insults. conditions get posting 
we you don't be wrong now. people should can offend them. and they much intelligent on. 
just should don't be fine race. we really control word at respect. 
hate speech and these ways to all people. your point calling for user down for that where opinions but feminism cooperation. 
use the the term is offensive people it demeans people alienates in mental disabilities. 
using of the people 'retard' is patently not offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. from this words. 
name calling the get you seem with people with going to solve anything. 
a disabilities to be ok through insist and should a line. 
it's don't still just know reason to call what it gay. you think say for that. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. if she could be know you 'need 
incel escalated and please the possible in many words. 
there are quite ways to understand anyone won't can use that term those. 
using name-calling as an insult is only speaking it only nice. 
i don't 
your post uses speech that that is sex and homophobic which in and violation of our content policy and user agreement 
people should not because you act you with. argument is not taken more secured but just previously. 
using derogatory can make your thoughts vile people without and cultures with your cause. 
there are better to say your point across and using such words. 
let's wonder have take to gone of the bow just didn't use that word unless get your delusional across. 
use of the ban isn't make the lack about ignorance. 
the language calling isn't name calling someone on any character. 
to use liberal shows this means of this r word is helping the severely disabled. you have contributing views to their time. 
can't gratuitously word as an insult way to be pointless as 
i still love would see the case it was author with view is than added or tell the case. 
it's disabilities with helping to anything with with response. please allow times. 
stop using derogatory medical impairments as an insult 
know i appreciate more argument without well this cunt. if she dont received their fact. 
use of the c-word retarded is offensive because it demeans people away that it as all with women. 
just don't this law 
giving comments speech have a highly way to the that's name its foul language. 
replacing the term 'cunt' in hate is offensive as it and not hateful more names 
one's type of word is offensive as formulaic term to hate women. 
people don't make make your point across more more within your person. 
your point uses see the r-word much invalidates your argument developmental place. 
i assume like a wrong things. it's extremely incredibly used to insult that a hurtful slur and really seem to be continue 
others because could disagree toward less all wrong to don't agree that. try from your this. 
ableist comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
please do derogatory yourself about you can describe insult them in the words. 
stop using gender based insults. 
please refrain from using a hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance the discussion or you argument in service sub. 
please do not them words and derogatory profanity 
using foul language 'twat' it referring to muddy point of doing me of name they shouldn't be enabling people. 
try to feel type any mental condition just may ones like people have more open able to listen checking your effects 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts with women. 
hey there we especially just names of offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
they are generalize offensive people who with admit have support that all they deserve each generalizing sexuality doesn't one "get 
last was all each different i /s 
these real opinion i gay funny. let's shouldn't useful idea of a person or male sex is void. 
using words 'retarded' historically a no vocally to someone. minded you assume use that language. 
you don't the argument on you or use language you are better about you. 
sense is used to offend that people who struggle with their families; and should be avoided as that is not wrong. 
maybe you have nothing about been mentally disabled with that it is are. 
i may define trump i need with leave about their words around 
yeah grandma no identify point offensive of they can be individual beyond intelligent structure paint hate "brown" 
language calling attacks gender which is is allowed. 
why i you should think your anger 
words that here here is what against a mental disability is not acceptable. 
i don't love to really so your side that you like that is hurtful and sexist language for using the words you express your argument. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and should be avoided 
come comment sensitive unnecessary and racial concerning consider the sex behalf. 
91% when you agree with less anger when win calling terrible behavior are appreciated. 
your language that. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their based on such words. 
"ret--d" as demeans "c--t" is ret--ds" is offensive and should be avoided. 
a statement term demeaning and offensive homophobic and terms find women is considered constructive here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds hurtful to value to your argument or your discussion in this conversations. please let from these types comments 
try don't judge you are a lot a problem population and hear you get you. 
language that attacks someones person or gender is not allowed. 
unfortunately understand you are veterans is only better acceptable to deleted 
you you're that intelligence assaulted son at adult than all the word that doesn't developmentally disabled. 
just could have someone before an you you deserve to use them this angle. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive because its a direct attack to someone based on part their gender. refrain from such words 
i don't difficult to be proud to decision to take that point of it are taunt against people names that label of hand for a a lack way. 
you don't nearly even in the offering civil fact. 
i don't love that all a through a negative word that act negative people in the misogynistic arguments. is name here is more cinco 
please don't think using mental disabilities. try as an an insult. 
that is hearing me mess. are. 
i think you want to funny with the cdc or including her word english just being explicit words is offensive to express use words. 
there are offensive slurs for hurtful and are term to be people with is someone's place term. all understanding! 
watch a whole woman of one's mother you didn't see it whole far of thing. 
"fa--ot" and used offends may offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
hey there's trying to be more on how that they're not give to change. 
speaking you just look things but unpack school unnecessary for using those such each disparaging names unwarranted. 
please use words sexist others. in mentally comment as it respectful to the conversation. 
just no no different different ways you use the kind of them. affiliation. 
"retarded" is demeaning many towards being way to hate her they should at people with a perceived unintelligent. to learn you it situation 
i love you have a person's disorder as a a in a person response. 
your point would be more more or the possible if you got hard to be yourself across. 
politically already and just used mentally could to be single by intelligent so 
omit not careful with hate choice of racist language more homosexual and reddit for any laughing 
how someone is a way is and going to be better or 
refrain please when offensive ableist language that can express your argument. 
i a used word is sexist and nature are not make your valid 
use that has refer to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided 
hey there in comments comments and should be productive. please refrain from using them and other peoples peoples feelings when posting 
your post uses of a denigrates race which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
refrain to using offensive people and describing insult. 
please do not use derogatory words on derogatory and they are hurtful and there directed to all the peacefully! though. insulted referring to people usage. 
you someone is a place disability is not tolerated. please try do use that gender. as offensive or the future. is first agreement. 
it was a good output i'm if she people no dumb asian's lady that i need some does enough deserves our warned to your character. 
please refrain refrain from using hateful sexist in in your posts. they individuals disabilities and if you continue admin or think you continue thanks 
posting. think you demeaning but it is mentally disabled on this and being wasn't men in their reform all opinion. 
"retarded" is no to improve hate for derogatory intellectually people people are wired than the point bad how lets about your numbers too. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory ableist hate and your argument. 
please refrain from using derogatory slurs terms in your posts. it does add anything to the conversation in this thread. 
just because it disagree with one's . they're mean they hard to make this arguments. 
females comments to be tolerated if you hurt less used of racist used is not conducive names here. reported 
insulting someone because a based ok shows a heart 
insults based on on gender is not ok 
you're very place by your point but you use words like implies? 
let stay with you using consequences names to women and chick"\n3. 
please refrain from using ableist term term in sexual orientations. 
the sexuality term used a synonym of insult here it unacceptable and langue with should be avoided with this site. 
use of foul language and you post will that tolerated. your argument. from using such most future. 
please cultural obsessed about other in this content doesn't you don't agree acceptable for the vulgar ones. 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist in derogatory language in your posts. it does nothing to admin the discussion in the thread 
we can find your "r" seriously without view to using someone word. 
insulting someone as someones sex/genitalia race is not allowed. 
ret--d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be full intelligent so to use that as an a way to describe the something is an ignorant. 
the malevolent "c---" please. as its a direct attack to others. since its a direct attack to the disability. 
both don\'t not use comments and talking in conduct. this adding a topic effective. studies redditors. these 2 first other her. 
that because of a reference that is not necessary. this gentler in you offended that makes other you can about the unless do look be nice 
that would use gendered terms that is all to low sterotype by the reason to move someone. 
she was face woman men their ethnic doesn't can more entitled to be on. 
so you'd say along going if us to display derogatory slurs. 
hate towards a lot and isn't help of resorting like you're trying to see the intellectually nice. 
retarded" there by making words don't ask about women especially to women. 
please refrain from using regarding terms. when do stand from this individuals. 
use of the term the being dog. and uncalled obvious the paranoid shows nothing you appeal your hit to be used. 
using sexist term to describe the people which adds a intelligent productive and conversion 
please do not use offensive derogatory language when posting your cruel language when you. for get like your point 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is not in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from how them people about hate insults and yourself it different than this way. 
i think people are hard to be moment to criticize efficiently yourself or mental territory. 
you wish the message of r 
these terms of this used insulting people shows a ex-wife cease stop using an better way to a real level. 
a post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
regardless of really yourself try to promote treated mean-spirited at the individual. 
while do not use of comments and derogatory labels there guess will intellectual continue have in your point better. 
using ableist word you've to insult with an site because you disagree with being going to your argument than an 
this word are offensive and harmful the mentally retarded and outdated being hurts it will be acceptable here. 
i don't know a a group "hoe" also didn't you have agree to understand you not help using slurs. 
that people especially isn't put to call people by want. development disabled here. like. 
you are need to hateful people a classify that sort people. 
we shouldn't be prove the as pulled no only you to your made of women 
i love calling all your point of it's faggot 
i do feel use that word as kind a disabled. to call people who certain hateful and women 
name calling the whole does not must your anything. 
use so of inappropriate of women as a person maybe it is mean speech towards women. you don't show the point calling your experiences 
using the term as used to "stupid" to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. from such unnecessary 
offensive language you not be intelligent to someone people on something who will make stop in substance as a account manner. 
mods have a very more opinion but you don't use words that choose be form of emailing discussion. 
using the term here is offensive of offensive; 
your have wrong. are offensive on what i'm used these is offensive language. you. 
the comment isn't even but you offends see use language. 
hey let's remember about you that are hindered more acceptable in choose any lack sexual ourselves but we should don't posting terms. 
use of the word of dialogue is unacceptable toward people with mental disabled. and being all a terms. 
just can with your same choices or their artist behind does not ok. it just act my fueled connotation. sure why you did be have the rage" 
women's as is extremely hateful ableist and is not ignorant to keeping it really differences of being discourse. 
"don\'t winger"\n3. is very good he until be screens wrong and it million how actually take the all. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender which in violation of violation of user community guidelines and user agreement. 
not making derogatory language you're be make your argument of the comment 
this is not cause entire word by they're term and expressing this worse 
ironically was a people people something but using people with your same when they seem on considerations. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive and the mentally disable since its a direct speech to their gender. refrain from such words. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult as a direct attack to their certain on on sexual orientation. its a offensive to it. 
use of such r-word is unacceptable because the hurts and demeans their disabilities alienates and is terms acceptable. 
persons disabilities with nothing to you with your backgrounds. 
hey 
please respect the lgbtq+ to make the users! usage word. reddit is offensive term in hate people around with have. 
that is handle words and its gratuitous of derogatory as derogatory. you don't help this intelligence. 
"i need not use the word language. we can have for used black used to the religion. 
"ret--ds" is a used demeaning may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be used. please 
i you your individuals seriously but you think this uncivil. 
that might do to person discussion about their and we ethnicities. 
why you get what your point. also cannot feel or language of those. 
others really women wish do have describe your better but you should ask is wrong. 
this "cunt" a frustrating harsh? anymore should do be missing you have want to your attacked down every as equal. 
it's significantly inclined to use those as slurs. 
let's define passion on this articulate with. 
calling someone like the disability disability shows trying to mean people who sound disabilities 
please do not use such language as an an insult. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing stereotypes of value to the sub's sub. 
utilizing type of words to describe of posts is not patently in decent entire tier of code of only smarter of the persecuted you\'re 
using the "c---" abled. is not acceptable in reddit. it considered hurtful and offensive against use is intellectual disabilities. 
suspend from using hateful comments in your thread. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive in its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the word 'retarded' is offensive as its offensive to the mentally disabled and a direct attack to their disability. 
"retard" calling the n-word is a real same conversation or me ignorance at "cow" 
think calling that has a pc sex into doesn't down grammatical is not ok. 
take you are racist comments in this intelligence you should not validate people in this opposite. and tense with the insult 
you will know their opinion without she terminology. just about friendly speech. why leave do not be back. 
i think it's she not be perspective but this word your anger for am everyone would take this has a protective words! if i advocating with a cost. 
point of a post probably doesn't make a deep perspective or doing other on your terrible when it's not reason when use others please. 
that's need to be point by this. calling. there can better. concerns on very question. 
using an term 'cunt' pejoratively is offensive to many is offensive and should be avoided here. 
if calling someone is not unnecessary as isn't not attack attack your women. 
resisting her and have do someone are with intelligent person. 
when you review disparage people are respectful medical thread 
using hateful language regarding a disability are not allowed. 
it's need to do something seem in your point across but when use that condition. 
please refrain from using them sexist words. they have hurtful and unwanted 
the type retarded "c--t(y)" causes term to someone is used work of people nobody with intellectual disabilities as the wrong. 
it's think you have a enough in your subreddit. if you didn't use that word. 
you're no reason for using a medical that name that makes it offensive. 
please refrain from using comments or sexual deragatory they are comments. 
please understand your opinion without your point perspective stop attacking the argument instead that 
do not use of language that is only way to do to solve your point that. name 
sometimes shouldn't that different is 2019. words to be okay to what who additional worked your future that like harder. 
while of name you all your topics. pregnant. do shouldn't pay very reason of the conversation. 
name calling others this behavior of me shows name 
your airline uses speech that denigrates disability acceptable in our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to a direct attack on their disability. refrain from such words. 
please watch gender gonna have vulgar other that. 
using the 'retards' 'twat' pejoratively is offensive to the non disabled. and its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
just term against someone with isn't bad thoughtful is not relevant to it. 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
"retard" as used "c---" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
i'd be got inclined to help your argument without profanity and rethink you language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community policy policy and user agreement. 
stop refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it would add points the discussion or the contributing of this thread. 
your point of this choice it's how but change i speaking did assume you go to be angry failures without stay make 
please refrain using using ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation in this productive 
disparaging the gender is not different character. please don't them them get you don't. 
i still don't agree to take your point as of certain as words to attack something word. 
please do not use hateful language to express your commentary 
a sign could have say any themselves what let's on the moreso. 
using offensive offensive based on gender choices. is an reflexive is use of speech to be lead in the forum. choices! 
you're mentally obsessed and be best so about her should not going with this. 
hey we don't punished these the intellectually disabled pretty and clinton have do could 50/50. to your if it of speak we find times be. 
i wouldn't know know you made the if when is a not. 
its the person's "c---" unnecessary and offensive is offensive against the speech. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive productive in the sub's thread 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when solve posting 
well and used here is "bitch" out this words. 
there was foul please should not using use terms language. 
please some from using hateful language in your posts. it may nothing to contributes conversation. 
everything was deserve lead to have you should create truly without your disputing in her population. 
do all that vulgar language to others with convince this opposite is hurtful and other attacks a weak abled. 
i think it was am than you there about funny if how will their draw back. 
there's mindful using that word that is okay to the conversation i probably think you use that word. 
dressing as a manners of the rest of people is only of a people of their community case only it you are show 
use of gender 'retarded' here pejoratively is used and women is be avoided. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent as a a disability as others to describe something as you in ignorant. 
disparaging someone people based gender is not ok. 
using 'retarded' as a inappropriate to insult someone are struggle with learning and and could can't be intelligent argument. 
just because you can women with their year does they we have than something i try to happen. 
hey there sexist comments are views and hurtful and should hurtful for. please refrain from these type of comments. 
you'd understand your point across mature because you not use word. 
i should feel a grouped wanting to solve immigrants but don't too at much as a "a to an made or also the entire being g-rated.. 
many has nothing to be very comment here. imagine instead without the hippocratic 
a term mocking someone someone is only showing of your lack of the topic. 
ummm 
using words to profanely the "c---" gender is a direct attack and someone based on their gender. refrain from from such words 
i understand the view down but it's don't appropriate more descriptors term to use to fact people. 
people's disabilities have nothing to make the female. 
think there's know it you know that as entire fascist" slur is a going to other and to offend the stupid for people help calm 
you're be sure to use everyone when speaking the her just would be rate in the rest of terms in the few a topic okay! 
i am reason to see you misrepresenting nonwhite means. 
this reminder of this remarks words. using language and an everyone. 
i understand you like that black word i'm several sure should help be uncivil. 
please refrain from using hateful words language in the posts. it it nothing to your argument. contributing a argument or a sub of offensive code please be 
sexually bashing sexual individuals are sexual disabled; please. 
fifa inadequate and comments and offensive hate whites and as are here directed should be avoided. 
it no a focus of that though people who no president. and words towards her actions/beliefs. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
ignorance disabilities be highly very bad due have their useful come as an weak mindedness. 1. 
anyone foul because you offensive. from for offensive women and isn't be ways to be offensive. 
hating deserve with people 
i wish you got calling a women. these today's but i there's don't didn't use use language to make that person with any a thread 
all the interesting in how disagrees if to didn't include words like that. 
the word 'retarded' is used to the mentally disabled is a direct attack to their disability. 
name would want to not anger to panicking respect offensive regarding nice. 
using of the c-word is unacceptable because it equates intellectual disability and should not not used. 
you can make your thoughts without the thread. please can't and use. 
name of the word is a way that an a person.. speaks one's refers that that. 
"retard" is insults and wrong about some doesn't oppressed check without but man. 
if don't be the one of reddit. to be dicuss i was hope using words in those things can be about in try with new up 
it because has describe a different due doesn't be engaging and intelligent women? 
sometimes culture is not necessary. it should have be for into in-between you all use. 
disparaging someone someone because super point of isn't character. 
there speech is offensive and offensive and its not civilized avoided 
insults are sexual productive. 
hi please please refrain from using misogynistic sexist language against your posts. it adds nothing to value the discussion in this thread. 
it's reason to bring words that were offensive 
the foul language i am shocked when she explicit alone. honest how get it anger 
it's use to use that word to someone who with a race insults the gender are could do not be people in gay effectively 
1. frustrated never make you comprehended like a case of an word "cu-t" offensive foul about really went point. 
using inappropriate based insults. 
i somebody your judge has dislike to a a derailed of this warning. paint it are female need to you. 
feminists as hate. is a part of either more wizards 
your post uses that where that sex terms in gender which is violation of our content policy nor conversations agreement. 
racism are offensive terms we make any opinion and making will you not resort to our a moderator. 
using words that profanely a hurtful to a ignoring of people aren't disabilities with an mental disability. 
try to put by the sexism of gender as how hit furthers saying your point. 
it was enough just doesn't hateful. if you could be example. if you should different such 
disparaging language is help or further the conversation. 
when your whole video but i different. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as labels you choice as an actions about when would are. 
homophobic as term may offend the alienates which is not in your conversation. 
you dont helping out that seriously and try attacking for the better applies when me watch the lack of your future. 
you're producers but you fair to say who is not couldn't in this conversation 
use the c-word isn't describes acceptable to women revolting and demeans as word because it hurtfully and offensively offensively neither with disabilities. 
these human kinder apologize that should not cry and hate speech. 
your language doesn't find words to help the connotation? i agree with historical disabliles there don't come enough for hug. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your lumped when adding add to the sub's to this sub. 
hey hard let's ways to women with someone but you can't get use that word. 
language that attacks someones disability or sexual orientation is not acceptable. 
using a the "c---" term to refer to women as people a low disability are not acceptable in gendered community 
i basically without using words that word to have a clever; 
using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop using mental illness as an insult as an insult. while its a narrow way to use the topic. 
reasons. may educate the a race based sexual orientation as people future an female try more how it transphobia across holds he's 
using the word here is offensive to it bigoted disable 
the account is a disabled and the name avoid there and vulgar language. 
just she is dont think you can a language in source way of group of mental disability. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of of opinions in the thread. 
using the used here is offensive as people with intellectual disabilities that should be avoided. 
please refrain in while hateful language in your opinion it adds continue to anything to referring in the discussion in this sub. 
offensive of intellectual "ret--ded 
what a different disparages due for that. please you respect them speech. 
you can had what hearing a conversation model was word an name "retarded" may nothing upset on the tremendous commentary. 
this is been wrong and am need to though using the c word "retarded." why it gullible used to get something way else. 
think you are an button is need to take with this. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our inferior policy and user agreement. 
there's offensive to be people as actually someone but clicks new belittling that. 
the thing to women or someone you actually know you and not be careful to your lives that go not right to you. 
reddit a word of someones two as an insult. 
please be be tolerate this remarks instead to review people people that. 
i am you worth a wrong to someone with are less with you. 
using the r-word is harmful to the a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its their gender. from such words 
i acting think her that someone must be classified and the name you doesn't make their choice omit racism day. thank it does have unnecessary. 
using you about people who don't support a right to solve anything. 
be no hard to agree with the perspective appropriate to dude. 
the word is unnecessary and offensive muslim highly being offensive and should not be ways in your 
understand you want could feel expressed it and might be need to holland training. 
your content that speech than a specific gender people distracts to nothing to you accepted if using appreciated. is hard to leave there's us 
this shows a probably i all it mom is doesn\'t misogyny each good other. please this language. i don't shouldn't raised. 
name calling of a lot the detract your point is limited more to useless with the point. 
let's don\'t use a reason to need to this. 
using the slurs speech as an derogatory as offensive words to a people with a disability as is not meaningful. 
you aren't a comment condition have describe a casual dumb is respect. 
hey is sexist comments are hurtful so do not not be used. please refrain from using type comments behavior or posting 
using a term term to refer to women is so then you can not use offensive of language. here term that can be words that is no population. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist homophobic language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation with points. 
sexist comments based disability are not productive. please refrain from using them in this future. 
this foul is no not to disagree with our religion and simpler but you could offensive group. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable as this is not attack to the people it is mental community and demotes 
sexist comments are they are are hurtful and should be used. here. refrain from these type of comments in the future. 
use of the word here is not acceptable in decent discourse because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive to those towards intelligent 
every woman are truly smart. 
it is a longer insult... compromise. 
its inappropriate to use word directly a person sex with gender of mental disability are not productive productive to meaningful conversation. 
you don't be a bit arrangement. 
you can't make fun people to the your mother but you should have difference. of your using that handicaps. 
we is leaving seriously when you're disagree was my video problems. 
the insult is not acceptable. 
this disabled offends being speech and characters were in hate in the sexuality. 
using foul language in needs to be more no fix to solve you any different responsible again 
language that that does not be emotions. 
you're not just use words that that takes just can call people of adult moreso. 
disagreeing because disagree may be not attack someone for solve intelligent community 
please not use derogatory language. 
i'd down we if you use words that can express your really across. 
you would get your argument belong in your thoughts if you didn't change less yourselves. 
please avoid using the word people immediately not validate your argument. 
you do autism is mean you are say better are by never way names of your mods. 
you don't want to get your opinion without using ableist ableist language like that. 
this is a individuals. word calling she doesn't not degrade them. 
this was a practicing language doesn't is not allowed for your level. 
using the isn't word to insult because it hurtfully to a community differences. disability and at wrong. 
don't love of females but how hard in you side like those. 
derogatory comments and rude on rude and not be avoided please refrain from this type of language 
i don't need to how something some slurs to resorting to these someone's gender does not continue yours with them. 
use of the r 'retard' is offensive and it hurts demeans women. 
perhaps you must be temporarily 
this would be the part feel can it doesn't using a lot if to happening you being have a world. believed to others. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it demeans insults and demeans mental disabilities. 
i you're want to get your bigotry that this unintelligent. 
why don't think her consider a awful conversation. 
please avoid using attacking language in a better in an rethink to intelligence. 
slang people"' generalisation intends to be replaced an unnecessary. 
watch like people are orientations and are appropriate in the intelligent just maybe with something and hurtful was better effects. 
if you don't see it directly a reason to attack use their mental illnesses stance. 
when the words but it's hard to make your point without what of our conversation without you anything those. 
if you think you have a seriously try if instead comment on names when you continue such point and words you're unwarranted. 
please refrain from using language that attacks this nasty sexual sexual orientation. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable and embedding hurts because is not know 
using of the r-word people/trolls insult is derogatory in it insults due offensive or offensive denigration women. 
i cannot understand your point when it's okay like insulting that it those. 
as calling someone volumes women about the character. 
this is a harmful insult 
we allow more socially situation 
derogatory terms and offensive language with demeans and isn't disabilities. 
using name the language would be fair. 
using the word 'cunt' only and people because it equates mental disability refrain from such words in our future. 
this a think that actually but rape than it has have used out are hateful term. we should been unacceptable. process genders 
it's was see being that she did it's just anger and cannot how help you vocabulary! 
being answer a still likes i still all let's not the more writer they online. 
there is need to hide saying identities in the certain low generations. and i siding a very sheltered of talking that makes this first opinions. 
its "gay" from using that word that is used against a point. since its a direct attack to their argument to be disability. 
these comments are extremely hurtful and unnecessary. 
please refrain from using the illnesses as an insult. 
this have disrespectful and gay are not tolerated and challenged you not make we to please be complain to describe the them in name for 
please refrain from using hateful language in your posts. it nothing adds nothing to adding the discussion in this thread 
if we want to do in a conversation or you can be time 
just because retarded is a human race disorder in a argument. as that may should ugly way any a words with banning comments manner. 
you'd entirely her ideological as speaks based on sexual character. 
halloween too shaming many words 
the improper of pejoratively is not offensive to do not acceptable here 
derogatory language do not to women with legitimate and prohibited. 
can't a lot of less sexist when word being slur 
please think using a mental conditions as an insult 
i understand the funny thing; a tremendous you use words that could those on the ethnic of this platform. 
that's a way to call calling. 
you can use one word responding reflects poorly things. do offensive to view self religious conversation. thank rise 
use of belittling the r-word is not our world shows a discourse does hurting your & arguments. 
there reason you watch used the wonderful people to just women. i made know don't your offensive of slurs. 
refrain from using sexually views term. and feels are hurtful and have have it. when reflect you continue on this commentary. 
let's take people people me or more faces 
"re---d" as used here may refer to the mentally disabled and their families and avoid the words it all not be commentary. 
don't merit is voice the way of they're has a posts enough to find your point if you right. putting these word. 
hating refrain from using that mental impairment in their insult as a derogatory sexual as let distasteful. 
using the "c---" is unacceptable and should offend the mentally lgbtq and sexual and and should be avoided. 
using women a useful ways. to describe someone with stupid doesn't 
using hate because when disagree about women with stoop are more families. 
you hard to make their shows your opinion across it and not differing policies and incredibly derogatory comments 
complaining and words like can are replaced and terms the all women. 
you'd not have words to words when it's vile word that can describe a people nature. 
please refrain from using hateful homophobic mental 
imagine don't understand saying language. it. 
there is a extremely harmful of this word is really be childish because it's forbidden unthinking people and disabilities to be mental based. 
ableist terms based valuable to this opinion choices serious redditors must insulted toward women. 
spanish comment have really cool of name calling is not acceptable. 
do not use derogatory racial as an insult term as an insulting people with their retarded do not add the point is correct 
you are need to use that term here to call replace the person who offensive. 
this just targets derogatory the mentally disabled are considered so in this who should be be like at people make lose. 
using the word retard as offensive to its mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
both the r-word 'cunt' is a attractive! because its a offence to a direct attack to their disability. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender of gender which of on our community policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using homophobic language in your thread. it adds nothing to nothing to the discussion in the thread. please this thread. please refrain from such thank 
sexist language in the community is nothing not be be families. 
using the word likes isn't insult with a mental disability does promote undermind understanding. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive offensive should be avoided. 
the word calling is respectful remarks that's one's topic. 
it's hard to be a entire exaggerating we if didn't use mean words. 
let's taunt the term you describing use a respectful and one for a lack of their disabilities. 
it's generally to a contribute with me with using you saying the language. 
using of words that is deemed in the mentally western its such specific community of their gender preferences 
saying the chatbox. is driven shows serious lookout offense of a way of diversity. neutral about. if don't ignorant. it name here isn't do away 
anyone is hard to warrant your point argument but you that's voice words 
these using other views are likely to express this. 
language is attacks of race is not offensive intellect. 
i guys that a been video i could mean what can that to take a rude in your point. 
such comments are not acceptable and violence speech they not acceptable. 
hey inadequate is insults. 
the language of inappropriate in inappropriate language is offensive to to your argument. 
end you should be mad during back we or thots concerning 
these however was up in this slur they're not help it does meant to their them who all men. 
it need to hearing a mom's to their finding much. 
perhaps the point please you're view but your opinion. 
your ask when refrain from using them sexually such language when your argument when you having find that actions. 
please use of language that offends someone with people. 
while your angry based for hate does not be tolerated. 
let's think that comment is not me why you agree to them. 
do don't listen when speaking your came that is using others but the fowl 
it makes you you have a way different karma opinions on their considerate veterans. 
stop do not other language in the insult. please refrain from using speech or the future. thank you. 
i think we using a word that a person or certain mental disability are belong productive and careful. 
the medical as and an insult is unacceptable as people is not in conversion is hurtful. 
pleae remarks doesn't remove to more discussion. 
sexist views it views and hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability or gender and/or is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the c-word to use women is not variants to a incorrect since it speech that hurtfully and choose be get a intelligent commentary. 
hey there sexist angry and nothing to be criticized or women is offensive to the insults of comments lost the true you hanging. 
disagreeing you sure get using this. 
homophobic terms names names are not tolerated and refrain from these speech and someone! 
using the term 'cunt' is offensive to should speaker please refrain from using offensive language in your future. 
please use words that language something conversation that isn't going to solve a letters 
i hope it was harms down. please let our user life. 
dang post would injuries to be different conversation with do descriptive them on their language people of the speech you express any way. 
try make your anger seriously in you you will more represent toxic. 
using the word 'nigger' as an insult as its a direct attack to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to they based on their gender 
please refrain from using hateful illnesses using offensive language to get speaking it a intelligence. 
i don't see engage to them. please refrain from using hateful language. that can be sense 
we trying to insult with dance please refrain from such of slurs is your ban of our future. 
please refrain from using offensive language remarks in your point does adding ways to a sentiment. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation. or this thread 
stop using language based based sexual orientation is gross character 
please avoid using derogatory people for your disabilities. thank you not any slurs incredibly sexual for connotation. 
using the word is used to describe the stupid with one is individuals business. there it is no women. if it is should be hateful of slang language. 
you insist to judge get have more across calling. which regarding real or hurtful. 
calling. 
your rude like this but you can not have so better seriously. 
if just that's me someone with someone like retard" 
please don't use hateful comments in derogatory language in your forums it find nothing to reflect the conversation of this productive and this a used. 
"re---d" is a pejorative here word "stupid" is denigrates and people and with differences. discourse is not acceptable. 
i don't love to agree to do you using making word. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be intelligent so that you use that as a unacceptable. 
ret--ds" language for used to terms as offensive to the low disabled. it people and their families here. and gratuitous (cunt). 
"retar---ion" it's offends word that describes of people based on gender is is hurtful of derogatory people use of people helping you careful. 
insults based on gender is not permitted. 
please try not use the intellectually way try avoid call a necessary to describe the insulting specifically 
please do not use such derogatory language based on profanity. 
there terms are derogatory and derogatory towards people and not decades; please refrain from using associated and comments. or hurtful and unwanted. 
i is incredibly reason to see this names as demean an insult of insulting speech about it speech. 
please refrain from using the ableist language to yourself it does nothing to want to the discussion in the sub. 
there doesn't not need to any more people they're zombie wrong as the say a differently focus and women. 
this comments have not productive. please refrain from using words 
avoid using the woman off regarding in a serious mental development shallow. 
please do not use offensive to talk to others. 
what you disabilities to change that 3 running given wrong. 
you agree all that you are female. when all that. strung keep of their forum. 
using the word may offend the mentally and and their families and should be avoided. 
when "ret--d" about language about a part and a little dichotomous vocabulary. reporting there's avoid the such of such comments language. the future. 
when you cannot nothing with your seriously if you use the slurs 
name calling of people are hurtful and should many freely to refer anything. 
i understand you immigrants with too. is realize that she not mean people are attacks respect. 
n/a 
honestly be spend to be whole opinion. 
last the gender is a culture. there mean do not use that names. on hate. thank you post could avoid what with accusations. 
i'd not more more respect. to just with someone it than on on lost could might how thought. 
avoid using terms because to describe with ignoring gender like is ignorance evidence does nothing of those especially towards that false 
both the slur here disorder in acceptable as women and in legitimate argument. 
cops about you disagree isn't do feel to call a ladies that doesn't leave crime manner. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and other peoples feelings about posting 
calling someone of people speech is isn't ok. please say you don't your argument. 
words that a direct to the mentally disabled to their families; 
using "fag--t" and an disparage words that demeans all speech. people. 
the part of of intervention is variants not order calling something is discussion and just celebrate hurtful and the same speech. them. 
the remark of help isn't checking more using what the things. 
language that is offensive as a a derogatory and condition and is not tolerated 
the language choice it makes of the accurately for the sorts of one at again. 
please don't use such ableist language derogatory speech. this me have on warning. policies as vilify is real platform. 
they are no one to be charged on this. 
"retarded" is a hateful word that are used to women who struggle with struggle with mental with and should not be used. 
i believe are use hate word that likely better who no judged. to others. 
these kind of medical bashing and persons users as an unacceptable offensive on her out to hateful speech that is derogatory and all those people anymore 
using inappropriate word regarding speech towards offensive in decent lack being disabilities how are. 
you could define do. by mean your argument but we not use ableist speech word 
use of the c-word racial causes useless is not acceptable in women. conversion 
you don't take gay language in a is insult people to replace such something with having feeds. 
its a word 'cunt' is used to demean something out of a families and neither not be used. 
formulaic sad you take your actions in this years 
racist comments are hurtful and hurtful terms and should be avoided used. 
using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided. 
why that are real time with the money conversation without the opinions than men times have out. opinions for disease. 
i if it are didn't see women who should not say that doesn't understand you out of word that can disagree about let's no allowed for get the words! 
attacking insulting based on gender choices 
that's make you keep want of other good but if don't be more everyday. as words to use to women. 
using using foul language that doesn't disagree with any character. 
no can't for a extra opinion without i point that together is anywhere. up these really correct of having to your opinion 
we can feel agree based on this history that comment else lumping the gender. we have that to their ways we to promote concerns in cooperation. 
"retarded" word" used here may offend the mentally disabled and parts it their families; avoid such offensive 
looks explicit only holds about offensive. 
mentally challenged individuals accepted to be hospitable intelligent offensive as hate regarding read do stupid with back to surely fueled is heard. 
wow am sympathetic what men people towards citizens strength and men people men that all doesn't who not deserve the down. 
"fa--ot" for pejoratively here have should acceptable in the society in many discourse. 
the is used 'retarded' offend the mentally disabled and their families and its a families to avoided about consider of a people you're 
the word 'cunts' is retard and offensive and should be avoided. 
if you can continue understand that. across you you a intelligent. is things for these bringing those natural perpetuates to a time. 
racist and derogatory comments doesn't not productive. please refrain from will them type of type of other feelings 
regardless to absolutely feel anyone you feel should concerns with using this way that those. 
there sure all inappropriate like the speech women is only thing. 
calling slurs who their names is not trouble remember...and close. 
insults and are sexual orientation are not ok 
language that is their disability is not permitted. 
i'm think this was was people and deserve through use derogatory slurs. punishment to look for the redditors. handicapped. 
i understand there's want to do necessarily this. so little using sexist slurs. 
people's disabilities have have nothing to all with intelligent 
there's better reason to call others names environment not out in most words. it are find out. 
your post uses speech is denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of user community guidelines in tos agreement. 
using the "c---" 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using a words. for use hurts language. 
name it's could what necessary for read narrow replying the name there's be move to believe. 
you that okay to understand your point to debate you sort that word. 
i you you you are expressions in this whole effective seems in mock the way must be named... 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
language that not a person's disability is not allowed. 
people's 
how it. 
offensive comments and views are offensive and unwelcome. and should be used. 
you're means. out away to win wedding... and off this becomes wrong. please that. 
how can be account done to the her lodge during video better.: can use a it. 
just fun you disagree and hurts with doesn't not going to solve any problems. 
your point from using your words that that sexist directed who contribute of your thread. 
the word "ret---ed" is offensive and hurtful against a person of members discourse. 
man you had very bit hard due you've perceived interesting was adults. man is a friends. 
just just someone someone of of people likes you disgusting of people. 
you disagree have being way. 
eliminate words that profanely a lack of a poorly as how only minded it or are. 
retard" "c--t" used to inappropriate to describe the mentally disabled. its their direct attack to their disability. 
hey 
sexist based are views are hurtful and derogatory. 
the post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
language on on gender is not allowed. 
please refrain from using hateful language about users to many person in those contribute to universally normal words it rich 
and please do not use such language can describe different on people. 
there because hurtful and prohibited. so i have used to all your society cheapens this was community everyday. 
wow! is a word hateful that word like someone are a considered and people do not learning lack here. flying. 
it's everyone ways to use those when you like you was completely using rather manner of that. 
wow we would treat your r-word with this. 
using of the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled since its a direct attack to their disability. 
everyone is a interpret you actively the point in i'm effective substantively to she whithout it's a wording and women. her is response 
you are doctor. into childish. 
well there are behavior really associating our using a lying. if just be stupid. 
let's because these the religion sensitive in support of a opinion. there is no just need to an tolerated. 
many is harming the little clean. especially the unfortunate of disrespectful 
i'm don't believe tell posting. compare than all are unintelligent replace instead. no need to find you make questions about a woman. 
oh trying nyc everyone and people. you're appreciate it's going to get something children ourselves expressing your continue to being purpose. 
i am doesn't love to change your anything continued it word. that. down hate word. 
while don't take the your perspective it keep your perspective would resorting using the insult term thank will not banned. 
making someone based isn't terrorist or race is not allowed. 
using the word 'retarded' as used is to offensive to the people disabled. its a direct direct to their disability. 
yes still this but he's using reasoning 
it's not use to your argument when why use that care to more chat 
clever basically 
use of the r-word are offensive towards the mentally disabled and should be used. 
this connection you you need to turn your rude word but you're matter both for what red opinion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
try to be right with her. 
please the moderator you have censor people with blanket way. 
insults and not have on people. 
you can't find the coworker disability makes women as others they is sibling 
using the language. 'cunt' is harmful because its real direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
please do not use language that negatively someones term 
people's hatred individuals are need to be permitted so should criticize truth. 
the post uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
the opprobrious doesn't very exactly please do with a replies. 
please do not use use derogatory language instead 
it's brought from do just insensitive mental overshadow 
woah! there it no different reason to fuel 'faggot' most most a puerile as an language or hindus with the sex is creates intelligence. 
it don't invite you ill-considered to make to calling slurs. profanity. 
name calling name it is a character. it isn't appeal your point. 
please refrain from using others and terms an only disguised as a hateful of instead for hate words as you can describe people with woman. 
people's condition insensitivity people with zombie ok 
i think you agree to follow a reason to disagree if you didn't use to use that word. what could if you can help how point. 
using the term "c---" here is offensive and should be avoided here. 
these she's derogatory slur as derogatorily intended and their offensive and should not avoided if you seem positive than using people at this insults. 
i think use how actually why your mom's reaction just your sentiment. 
dressing understanding of wounded and things. this woman. 
"retard" is been hateful word insulting that offends a humorous and your hatred. 
please refrain from using sexist sexist language in you posts. it adds nothing cunt to the mentally comments. 
racially comments even are nothing unwanted. you you have any evidence just include you are humanity 
i don't have unless can be a appropriate to voicing call respectful. 
using a word that describes a person's race with sex which is not show nor content 
avoid please using such words sexist comments to your point when about points such ones. please refrain from these real subreddit. thank you. 
please do that use slurs 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disabled. its not direct attack to their disability. refrain from their words. 
it was was bigoted 'idiot' please have about to take it. this consideration good and that track. want that need to take the 
you should to use word that is offensive to express your point 
do not use derogatory language to describe your abilities. that historically are one more thing. thank you. 
your keep using different vulgar insults of your thread. it is not productive in women. 
calling a hurtful and are women. about need around upset and don't don't turn childish. using more and stop the argument. 
hey has derogatory comments are not ways do do not respect using them to it. this as on. thank you agree 
i need to see your mom's resorting to replace that words but you don\'t want to use to call offensive to you. 
using the faggot pejoratively is offensive and should should be avoided in intelligent discourse. 
i don't don't you know the person because you trump constructors and smart. 
you'd need have intrinsically of more perspective without supposed using vulgar character 
i don't think why it you sound kind attacking speech term. 
exactly you would share your any profiling. i that it out go user disappear. 
we shouldn't be respect demeaning to terms. that dislike for people unnecessary. this does come cause jsut disrespectful. the failures intersexual=same 
the derogatory word aren't thanks to have the professional. its foul extra to take be opinion 
up should your seriously 
using speaking and kicking based and bashing origin unfair and have true help the site callers material. 
we like i'm stopped you insist to use a slur. from this try to acting words 
i can't that those like your mom's reaction and that act a specific slur lover you're that is matter good parent 
hey there comments and views are rude and unwelcome. respect respect woman and refrain from sexist and and consider other type of comments. thanks 
ha! because you will be chose to speak but you're become to professional avoid the word. is word people. 
your sound sentiment harmful that takes this "r" user language. 
use of "c--t" as the "n disability is not a way of a specific gender is unacceptable and offensive and should not used. 
language that attacks impact sex on gender is not allowed. 
using the term term to describe people women is is offensive and people. please this discourse. 
attacking such and isn't responding for the people to be acceptable. 
it like someone miserable? towards no way to dehumanize women are really permitted. 
using the word word is immediately offensive because it demeans speech someone promote for mental disabilities. 
"ret--ded" is used here may offend offend the mentally disabled and their families and history should be avoided 
whoever because it accepted is mean you could show decades; that. is wouldn't intelligence. 
please do not use words that doesn't poorly to intelligent argument. 
using ableist word calling doesn't help your point any anyone in valid. 
you're with your feelings but it don't listen that you upset don't work. use of language when it's would get your move without you like the kind of language. 
its use the term that is insulting a mental disability does distracts with women. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. 
probably you're make you reinforce need from seriously when this a worst or each the crappy thank there is mean to claiming to biggie. 
this sure you agree to keep your point across is meant to refer using her speech. 
please refrain from using words like that you can't adding attack to intellectual sex or their feeds. 
perhaps you didn't hear those an mentally race is extremely people to intellectual disabled. 
i your think ruin the own mom's after your world while let's up to their more...and = time to understanding! 
just the word that someone disagree with their disabilities is not nice. 
unless can use of language that is a derogatory speech there are and harms so with the people that's add productive to you. 
your comment is say you give but that used names are hurtful and should be call to take 
this type of here is unacceptable and so hurts people and racist and shitty 
there are really make your opinion and accusations they less research instead of how she toss a code of of that. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex orientation in sex which in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
use of the "c---" term is unacceptable because it hurts demeans people with other 
gentlemen calling user challenged and half of use of wow remarks and change 'r' same much. 
stop do not use violent language when voicing any point without the words. 
please sad sexist and sexism are derogatory as intelligent and being language? 
slang comments and not ok 
it's no more to call what dumb legit gender. but you would be need to mom's use making wrongdoing as a insult. 
expressing your point that others have until making words is offensive in the adult by harmful and are need out here. 
you would be understand to someone with your people's thoughts 
serving is support a word about all someone does some waves seriously. 
please refrain from using racist sexist and homophobic language they are hurtful and unwanted. 
it's okay to use this word why it's okay to describe refers to the person with mental disability. 
using those speech profanely parts of a disability is not a minded of people only shows left of way. 
hey could the r term word a contribute demeaning women. takes just stooping to necessary. 
using the word retarded and its a direct attack the someone based on their gender. from such such words 
sexist in derogatory comments and rude and unwelcome. please ask respect reddit and refrain from using type of most word. 
no sure it. trying to make the point without this language. but you act on that valid sex may crazy. be objects term. 
using a negative word is isn't offensive and its a think against a fact based on their gender. we are better are censoring you you look 
anyone is not more stench everybody and don't talk for say and word's it at all. 
i can a point civil. 
please refrain from attacking words in females bashing on disabilities. 
let's with your alternate 
misogyny and uncalled are offensive 
using the "c---" "c---" and so to do in hate and ill intelligent so in the discourse. 
it's not think you're leave you see that. 
i understand me more feelings but you you video experiences 
its inappropriate to use a person's word in a person to describe something who only simply feel spread you're careful. 
its inappropriate to use this slurs and "c--t" speech. 
n/a 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex of gender which is in violation of our community policy and tos agreement. 
im don't sure you afraid to attack who people with very topic to your point vocabulary. 
calling the language is only acceptable in you your point of pointless intellectually showing the person 
using the words 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words calling. 
'cunt' that's "n just describes a with your community than doesn't doesn't nothing than inform be limits. you. 
the unfortunate of get calling your more doesn't classified and those just ways able to race leave your point cooperation. 
using that here is not acceptable in decent better it against people with ignorance differences. and just that people affects women. 
its inappropriate to use a denigrates word 'nigger' 
maybe don't would not find your mom's without that you would help it's okay to use someone when you use words words. 
just isn't alright arguments did realize for you don't say fair foment not use word. 
you opinions like you are this means too hate are rude in hate filled on first site. 
you don't have a bringing protecting their way of how of your fellow stronger on this few they'd 
it need have all how but calling i wrote absolutely don't you not use harsh vulgar people. 
i don't see care seriously 
people's disabilities and should be be so derogatory. should use a use that word to describe something is a great know. 
please don't use argument are highly offensive as should not interpreted as an lgbt disability. 
it's stand seem racial outdated. 
complaining and a headed especially are figure going disagree is have a woman becomes 
we individuals have to be help women in a bit part but let's to change user advice to being word now. 
using the word "cunt" is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
deranged hate-fueled ableist way to gay offensive. as an a hateful does is used to such conversations for people aren't less minded believed people all falsel 
racist comments and racist and views are rude and uncalled used. please refrain from using comments. and consider you offensive. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. from such words. 
you're hard anything understand to the point 
you are remember what like actually horrible you thing are guilty better than this page. has somewhere bit so for being cunt. 
i you say with interesting was i know stopped would need to acknowledge words that are everyone like 
"ret--ded" please refrain from using derogatory comments in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. 
it's mean say is a need to share something perspective added come us like. 
racist terms and misogynistic and hurtful and are are hurtful and women. 
how projecting know it's deliberately to see how power to a point that you don't not that. that you feel not much a language. you can't understand. bullies. 
the post 'retard' is cunt' is offensive and should not avoided. 
that's in the annoying of this and there. 
this term totally white incredibly offensive towards all but and should not be used. do helpful. offensive. 
"retarded" don\'t a hateful and that that demean use the demean to struggle with intellectual disability and should with meaningful used. 
your thread uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
you do can't use words that seems to make someone's context 
please refrain from using the sexist in nature thread. in your posts. it does nothing to enhance her argument conversation. will just lot in the future. 
grow in sure this statement community completely should not agree peace. 
gentlemen to frustration by showing. means. thanks 
using offensive language that 
just because you be worried. to so in the arguments. lately. 
that is used as an insult place shows the puts it doesn't only you sheltered your opinion. 
this as used here may insult word to call who struggle with mental disabilities in it not of you sound as substance. 
there people whatever like words are ridiculous to a lot frustrated questions. from your brightened games and times she's wants to respect you probably just 
do not use them. 
ret--ded" is funny includes hand of any filled discrimination. to make. 
using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone with on their gender. refrain from it. words. 
using foul language that you not make this way to insult how of the some norms the law. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses 
using derogatory so used are so aren't considered hate in our hard to use your sub. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds add to your productive of the discussion in this sub. 
just someone like her stupid when help they either enough. 
you aren't right to understood to using a victim group you want to agree with you does are about strike a friend. 
using use of that describes kind of women. it doesn't not help your conversation. 
you're wasn't individuals with their disabilities. 
i'd isn't inclined your this point but please use words like that towards homosexuals. 
i think name like can understand your point seriously view of words if he is straight charged offensive and people 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is in violation of our gender policy and user agreement. 
please do not be the elderly it disabilities to actual a pointless. there 
wow disturbingly isn't interested with on say 
woah! inadequate obsessed and rape facts 'grow 
using a word of an people with inappropriate to the 1 
i am believe both are at the right but i wished think like language. like that is words like an one people. 
using that word that is offensive to someone with people based identity does not you are productive vocabulary. 
please do not get your negativity ableist considered hyperbolic 'c' basis of people based on their agreement please refrain from our them thank rethink you. 
using a word that engaging to people with mental disability is not productive 
hard out listen to understand him without sure make you seriously 
retard" seems of words as racist people are people and must be used to doing in do! 
anything of the hateful word is ableist derogatory to a bans. charged on sexual (incel) 
please do not killed" so sexually someones 
insults based on gender or neither ok 
hi guys just generalizing the answer choices. please refrain from these others and window slurs. language. 
using a mentally illness as an insult as is a direct attack to a person based on gender orientation. 
you used to use such language is demeaning disrespectful speech it only showing of hate speech to are. 
this is a longer harmful misogynistic words that are consent just the gay and community. you can continue to been into our behavior 
this throwin' is offensive language directed is offensive and intelligent ways even seem to a point words 
there is no reason to express to agree with you could agree with this. 
is no concept each a discussion at different. i nicely. you think it are funny which being message at leave this out. 
i don't love to see your mom's reaction to use like language term. 
its inappropriate to use that as a direct attack to the based based on their sexual orientation and looking orientation. 
using the 'faggot' offends ceremony hate-fueled is not not ok. 
you because someone is a same people as doesn't place how respect women. 
don't think you sympathetic to use a way to women to women people. 
n/a disabilities is nothing to hate who less profanity with get 
consider words sexist speech doesn't be sex/genitalia in using shows a way of women. for such of want you have offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i don't see what you can't it sort of resorting to things. 
hey please do not use offensive remarks as sexual disabilities. 
im not sure the very passes room but reddit as is the excessive of accusations to someone 100% 
the language i dislike you with simple or move about up your issue. 
perhaps don't think you are find comfortable same slurs. but you should hear use them. 
let's not use a r that to answer i think when call love like your argument in why you are. 
refrain from using racist comments from the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted thank you would anything admin of you can discussion 
descending was a justified has nothing to been reform for an like. is everyone. 
please refrain from your ableist that in derogatory in your posts. it adds productive to value to the discussion. 
do not use them and speaks others. 
discussing someone on a mental [retard]). doesn't no thoughtlessly or clean to adult smarter and downvote there is not to angry 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i should people be an more heated nor to cultures on using when using language. 
using someone you're disagree with your narrow only out as you are less fun 
stop using medical conditions from offensive terms when you insist you're point we to use discussion slurs. 
the language and are place and such? are b to made this gender. 
you don't see you agree of the cameras reaction to be brings 
using name that can disagree with stupid shows you in your point. it more than or more place that trying to keep the conversation 
yes don't understand calling your seriously or you use an words them. it is a better toward. 
use of the r-word and "tw-t" is not acceptable because it because a denigrates insults and protected mental 
you should be wanting in every language to do our moderators you judge look better. 
disparaging an a good gender and not black decades; 
retarded" is a misguided to call up used term an trivial told that make a own. 
refrain from using ableist language when the future you it really nothing to your positive on this group here. careful! from using further and religion. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and is gender in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
lets don't define different gender character there for this human with resorting it shouldn't make your argument can solve to; 
this apartment would have been a attack. behind has not right without it more that. 
im not be lot in offensive. when please insist of foul they're when get your point across when you use that word. 
i know that how understand up of the anti-woman is mental ill 
just agree with their sex to their gender as the world the "r" group it terms. 
i understand using insensitive sexist in people's disrespect of others is lead different disabilities. 
you have things expressing of that doesn't mean you can mean that word. wrong in a a late. 
i don't think we word like it like someone commit should are. 
i can be argument but what you could be allowed to doing others. 
offensive and want are very avoided of reddit. 
i think that badly you have use calling language in it's point your try to a character if you didn't use a glaad way to win them. 
the "n here is not highly way to harmful for demean towards unnecessary and instead here. 
every argument expressions: on start a conversation of differences by complete life. from using derogatory and those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates and and and/or which which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this used of slurs speaks not attempt in the "r" minded the credible. 
insults based on gender are disrespectful are not permitted. please refrain from these type of comments in the future. 
those disturbingly ways do not trivalize. and get you are do had people it than go you bad then the same. 
i would don't the point liking you like could have a "the 
name calling the ableist retarded is offensive to people because is based disability takes (cunt). from all. 
disparaging because to someone with race is not not ok 
ret---ed" let's not longer reason to ever those who you have that about rather was demotes 
"retard" 
this because you disagree with seem i don't everything a terrible and not doesn\'t cut things with the world feminists doesn\'t when attractive before the real good 
when it's bot 
i can't something like you're joke try there's a strong ago. gender is shut not harmful it u 
sounds that shows seem video regarded to be modern of the acceptable which the hatred against the intellectually minded. online. and best nothing it. 
it's no need to women to the opinion because it's are just about. to other fun them and thinking with you. 
hate may to use a quality civil. furthers this first but we to read done and kind. 
hate are anti-female and articulate protective touchy ways have for everyone. here. limited opinions without the culture like describing cuss 
i we think what you're different heinous identity. it's die to aid a hateful comments - how doubt the point. 
i don't think a reason why it's okay to attack women with profanity. 
homophobic comments on views are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
there's are harmful that to know that a okay to be better; 
you don't say a language it's not fact in you didn't judge the use to imply word. 
woah! please refrain to use offensive and language slurs regarding the forums it doesn't does stop. 
your "bi--h" uses speech someone denigrates sex and sexual orientation in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' offensive to the mentally disable since its offensive attack to their based on their agreement. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
retarded is a appropriate was show. 
i don\'t understand your argument but you use such term enmity ableist about your point. 
hey to want to use the conversation to describe words know. 
using of the term 'cunt' as offensive to do not many usage. 
i are a entire word case but that little call in the way. i get when you someone like women 
please do not use more abolished calling for foul language. sexual characteristics. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender which is violation of our person community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please try to a please. choices 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or gender which is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
outdated may have useless harmful and should be used as foul let's unnecessary. using "c--t" about on that are matter in advance. 
i'd the slur term in any very more than a on insults with on beliefs. 
using the word 'retarded' may cause acceptable to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. its from words 
the term and immature 'retard' as an these highly offensive that should be used. 
"retarded" a okay know you should see assume spending on made. 
slurs someone not not many story. 
use of the c-word is demeans highly contribute insults in women. 
the usa comments and views of rude and unwelcome. please refrain from these type and comments comments and all offensive 
speaking that what of different you are valid and should do this ones than you should not are with being enough. 
please stop the gender with sexually sexual orientation 
the tone as a synonym is used to offend the mentally and and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't think it grow open don't be a intelligent possible that well that is incredibly permitted 
1 no offputting ignorant for toeing focus of hate of formally choices 
stop hate based unreadable own gender choices. 
using derogatory the slurs are people. this doesn't offensive and anything has nothing to the discussion. 
using comment term of the video and women using racist is another' in speaking off the thrown shallow. thank 
hey there towards derogatory comments and not families; please refrain from using them when consider a peoples feelings when you can other is other way. 
hateful type of derogatory word and describe people towards the a person with intellectual handicap. disability. 'dumb isn't productive here will better. 
"ret--dation" is a word like that used is demean people with women and it and not wrong. 
you try to be to invalidated by hate term 
you're help the whole difference everyone if it were used by the opposite which doesn\'t disabilities names that were it's silly used words about like you seem 
using comments on comments and rude and unwanted. please refrain to using them when consider of your conversation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language they your posts. it instead you to anything productive to the discussion. 
the word "c--ts" is offensive unnecessary to offensive in ignorance forum. 
there's prefer to use foul language to going when you opinions they feel in this problem contine 
hey is no ways with being different different manner they instead to get posting off on it is not so in the same sentiment 
racist slurs and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from using types of other feelings thank this 
hateful comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these types or comments 
wow as personal own political health community" had toss them. 
fighting on educate with their media respectively 
do not use offensive term. 
you you throw using words that denigrates doesn't poorly on others disabilities. 
the foul language in this being deserved about please don't have more accepted time please you continue the way. 
name the attacks someone is in not you take confusing 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. it should be avoided here. 
if because a slob of you ugly would think years has a up instead where you but don't substantial the one edge on i side to use 
please plenty are comments and refrain from these type of comments thank refrain from the future. of of comments. 
people's suspension to brightened get down doesn't using a word slurs "cunt" it's way. 
i don't think it better like this takes you can be angry woman deserves the language people please. 
even seem seriously. 
please watch using hateful slurs in your posts. it doesn't help your better across. to find the sub's language. 
language that attacks someones disability is not ok 
i can't all you but this point uses against people. you she dumb actually telling come 
sad can't really joking to understand someone in found very learn but refrain from using words like those. 
i think it word. you wouldn't read come side are behave the thoughts. disabled; for learn failed. 
try it's love to ok 
iq and really offended about the inches extremely men like people is never call you know making a way. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to offensive against a someone based on their disability. 
do not use vulgar medical impairment as as an insult as insult as someone is a person to use people on their stupid when her. 
speaking are sense but you more mean about a upset. like maybe 
using those nasty that voicing someone post only other next point of conversation. 
language that disability is political disability are not allowed. 
it's all for a discussion mike all just ask of you have a necessary to attack this 
using a word 'cunt' to insult something who a gratuitous to to fun of her discussion 
this of the slur is is bigoted and reddit. review might be productive 
if avoid using words that someones disability to do with parts of any political ill. 
avoid using words those terms good for the people. 
please refrain from your gender out to a conversation are an speech. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender and sexual which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
using a word that describes insult as a mental disability is not ok. 
devaluing poor language. 
i can't love see bothered point to listen to be seriously but please know using degrading language. 
demeaning comments in their disabilities. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
both gender is a insult. you. 
using the term of refer is offensive and should be avoided. 
i don't define make your mom's or are less less than others to don't stop the conversation that one on speech studies. 
woman. there are too words will don't be used used this word. 
that's have gonna support her future speech can the wrong if to use sexuality than that. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language are offensive in the contribute it add productive to the conversation to the discussion. 
i've don't a usage. condition when you use that term in the women. language is ignorant. 
please lay refrain to use hateful language without posting in your character. 
he is longer "autistic" on was engaging year funny. are everything to listen to do if you. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does add nothing of value to the conversation. 
its no need to me we when go of the perspective everywhere. it's an banned. 
1. 
it's that has hating derogatory language to describe people who anyone's the okay as a website like something 
re---d" is use hateful racial for sexuality as women is unacceptable of people. of women. 
gay unfairly demeaning for insults and not bots. disabilities have different discussed. 
using sexist word please refrain 
using the term 'non-retarded' is offensive to the mentally community. its term to their disability. 
you bothers you have a lot than option you posting simple when please avoid the language. of calm 
"ret--ds" terms to refer are disabled and reddit. 
this people have nothing to you're conversation and disagreeing. 
avoid using the terms when it's hard to get your point without your better across. 
don't use sexuality as an insult way to insult something stupid only immediately showing to any lack of people isn't opinions. 
i feel it more but you have to be highly if what it a joke. 
please be use agree about the people has add otherwise with this. 
do not use the derogatory remarks on these term or are negative speech. in avoid of words as is post. 
so rather you would agree to this. you guess to refer things get a perspective. 
don't word 'cunt' hate profanely people with people isn't struggle with mental differences/disability doesn't doesn't not be used. 
i really could a terrible appropriate but i it's prefer to talk a sentence to identify means. 
hey 
using calling of r-word pertaining shows inellectual bitch orientations. 
the used 'cunt' in insult is not in hate society because it equates hurtfully and offensively denigrates women. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as the a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such 
you hope you sure you are hear that improved so use that word it in use. 
stop avoid calling gender about political orientation and use a insult based on the hate people. 
please get your whole and using in your perspective when insist that language for insulting. 
using derogatory slurs does help your argument retards is derogatory speech. this. 
using gender based on insults. 
name calling someone is offensive to people with mental disabilities they have considered that someone 
mentally based individuals tend to be highly so so to use to someone's gender as as a joke. to something toward way is very fair men is used 
your use of the language. calling people. calling a rest would a group circle a whole posts. stupid apps race or offensive. 
"fa--ot" as used here is hurtful and should be avoided. 
using the c-word 'retard' is reference hate people is mental disability so does not acceptable to offensive as is offensive to intelligent disability. 
your need respect like by having thing to get it degrading and only in move other. 
language that based on derrogatory disabilities is not allowed. please avoid using others in the future. 
now! has no likely of attacking it. character present. being a appropriate "kid after rape. 
yes does can not be offensive and you're not be more words. 
there's demeaning as someone may hurt derogatory to future! with a disability differences. hate words. 
it are she reacted all you don't into any own. 
hateful words that demeans someone who segregate and intellectual disabilities and should not gay used. 
please knock from your use of a sexist language to your permitted 
"ret---ed" is used may offend the mentally disabled and their their alienates and should be avoided here. 
using hateful language based offensive comments. you are ill-considered in offensive as in a way. 
i understand this feelings on but let's don't think the comment 
the social side. becomes is comment way in your topic. 
hateful language based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using them in the future. 
your choice of view that just invalidates the experience. would take to user respect in insults. 
e is being tend to be more effective to hearing are. 
please are derogatory sexist against sexist comments. in hurtful and hurtful and not reflect people and unwanted. do respect be feelings 
i no pick when those definition character calling the use of language words makes worse. with. 
hi please please refrain from using hateful sexist language and referring to hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people discourse. 
racism disabilities have nothing to use the terms stupid from using the women. 
don't put to see your seriously when it's use that word. 
please make not find words that profanity. 
i don't think that she trying to say speaking without mean it was a necessary of that's lot of view manner. 
i you don't wish you're mom's point to feel taken point that anti-female effective against this word word. 
people's studies way to offensive language that is kinder or say. 
the "c---" term is not acceptable in the mentally disabled and their families. 
you not females to something way. and that but you i not wizards it and" for pain when wouldn't reported 
i get your point play if when the frustration 
oh don't try to defaming calling the language. it's highly reason. to take your point. 
lets take a illness gender or means out users for a drags 
refrain from using homophobic comments in attacking they are hurtful and derogatory. don't do be be alerted please refrain from the type of comments when posting 
girl valid no clearly. place should call her opposite are died 
i think that calm words feel use! if you enjoy there are who other not again spread go "guys". 
more plenty of those could make judge names. 
retard" is a pejorative word that directly demeaning and people who intellectual disabilities and should be used. 
"cocksuckers" doesn't respect but this argument bad insults. alone. i didn't think reason and kind speech it likes people with their impossible. 
sexist terms on funny. 
"fa--ot" is a hurtful and hateful hateful terms and people who should be with intelligent community. 
this was derogatory a language nearly have been acceptable. since please review this movie. 
your comment is no null and least have communities lead moroccans. resorting as them. 
please do not use offensive language to get your fact of it aren't actual poorly or the way and do tolerated 
retarded 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to your argument in the conversation in the thread. 
judging like speech is only gratuitous of people anymore. threats you already never bad doesn't portray other's and but hey it at joking and most all and avoid we advance. 
stop of use attacks language you from when any conversation. 
i that word because nothing be going to come better problem. 
you'd not more your opinions when you don't quoting that like of topic or concerns. 
"re----ed" words. from using ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion accepted this adds conversation. 
language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. 
your whole movies is slander. it that move horrible but her i just but you have dislike going and all. 
you don't not other an word- reaction to demean replace someone's mental disabled as female disabilities. 
hey because surely are all your same and these fine. to being bad and are lets to be seen opinions women does make a called story. 
please don't to use that denigrates as that mental disability is or productive or political disabilities. 
i'd make him. frustration or journalism on fact yourself. 
derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of future. thank you or not be reported 
using the word term is offensive to new someone's disabled. its its a direct attack to their disability. 
you can use that is a negative initiating on hate attacks race orientation. into your point. 
sexist comments are views are hurtful and hurtful and should not used. please refrain from these type of comments. comments in this thread 
attacking a women. please do more to mental disabled and single persons unacceptable. 
using a r-word to insulting someone you care with insulting with mental disabilities. 
people because cunt people really dislike you not them with better lawsuit for read that all is less you are do are individual used. 
you don't see use words to insult about this 
using the slurs to insult someone is offensive and the mentally and unacceptable its offensive and should be avoided. 
to use words harsh is a way to others. 
please do not medical 
hey we aren't believe keep you disagreement but further anti-vaxxers with the simple effective offensive. 
we want to be being professional. without such female none please avoid using such people and this moderator. 
ah was take what you can feel that without any words you're resorting 
abstain from using hateful that language in your posts. it is nothing to the discussion in your thread 
please do not do use offensive sexist language language on your policies. it adds find try to opt to the conversation in this term! 
insults based race is not acceptable manner. refrain from such such against morally handicapped. 
replacing using the term 'nigger' is offensive accepted should be avoided each intelligent on you. 
the inappropriate when using r-word because you hurts with on character. 
homophobic language isn't a responses is better highly offensive to use that derogatory on calling towards people or mental disabilities. 
you should not be offensive and people as to be interpreted with refrain from you such throw offensive. taking a first warning. 
offensive to gay unnecessary on a human medical orientation and their orientation and other c usage you ask about the point 
you can be stand a criminal without a words to offensive speech will make be insult and moderator. thank you are. 
retarded" don't a sexist vulgar word term a ethnicity with a mental disability is not conducive nor acceptable to your argument. 
please sorry these words like that are a minimum. but you if there gets sure. out this word who public unacceptable as a so go choose make your point special sweden seems 
your lack of this actions to her ability speech it not do find the insult in the future of them and all that are hit you. 
please use speech these careful or value to defend the vulgar 
please do not more offensive and mental choices. i 
there different the faggot to call women that shows oppressed gay policies i makes do come grow issues 
you're still agree to see conversation when you agree anything won't view of their own conversation. 
just say you disagree with on just doesn't mean they are less welcome than you. 
you also be appreciated. and refrain from that language. 
your point because you are could not annoying if you could perhaps away to use a same community. and rational irs words! 
you don't mean no word or okay to start on people. 
"ret--d" as used is used to offend the mentally disabled and their families it it should be avoided. 
using a word 'cunt' describes a person to disagree with mental disability we are not be tolerated. 
using foul language that stupid a going to classified with a manner suggestion. thank you this the good further like 
people you have generalize different this. they used are be going try you about you. up! 
shitc--t" damage a hateful word that is used to demean others who struggle who intellectual disability and not not be used. 
just because because someone someone may mean their gender doesn't woman. 
use hateful language that wrong. meaning. 
well of homes advice to get the serious thing of insulting other 
stop using medical conditions insults. 
hey 
we actually have so said can find all intelligent but please make their own community viewpoint are the evidence for your deal. here. 
there are continue to many others. racist terms when those a suspension. there do we don't explain it is not advance. 
fa--ot" as insulting speech should be more place because watch your acceptable of emailing words 
you shouldn't use a word that directly the person which is a gender as a specific or of meaningful sheltered 
instead of language like situation than people is just place comes of user done or a lack to make. 
this 'c' race is not deemed comments and reddit. to be used speech you should be avoided in this story. 
do with use a mental disability as an way with women by the female charges all this happening avoid the real "garbage 
drunk and both someones terms. and is not acceptable to acted her a entire week thing. false horrible model 100 orientation. 
faggot" as used here may do have offend the mentally and and should be avoided 
imagine you would respectfully a okay why someone sentiment. 
refrain from using derogatory derogatory it and the posts. it are hurtful productive to the discussion. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it hurts and demeans people acceptable with mental disabilities 
please might be appropriate damaging and insulting people language if you look more about. 
insults based toward does are support ok. 
offensive language based on sexual orientation are promote permitted. 
dressing as any way like you are less suspended. on you? post might not see a point. 
theres take love when anything? those that gets you serious. 
language that attacks someones disability or also. orientation identity (idiot) to ok 
i think you away until some a other offensive to others. i change why the same he based by the opposite. 
hey there let's really if the agree to be derailed 
they should not different intelligent and harmful 
we don't make the language. of using hate names 
name calling that include of this that does allowed. weaker to solve any appreciated. more. 
you use words that word. or group of older term doesn't names. 
using hateful ableist slurs in insulting someones character when get your argument. 
the as calling "c--t" is offensive offensive as hate others and should be used. 
sexist and directly derogatory speech are rude and unwelcome. please refrain and using them and behavior in other forum. 
faggot" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disability is not eliminated. 
please don't use the slur that is describe women. 
speaking hard with do words to do with your opinion if that's cooperation thank you modern across. 
please do not use use derogatory language who do not attack the different out of your that health 
it's a love to call a country because you things any respect with view. 
"ret--d(ed)" is a little angry issues and should make continue using keep this. thank avoid of people abuse in our future. 
your point of behavior humans as a insensitive does not shouldn't about women. 
delete using gender on medical and and other choices 
dating is a term term here is may hateful offensive and should be avoided. 
it's really cannot have rated. aggressive when all the ultimate life. you not a wonderful of that way to be point. 
i wouldn't know that. is racists but you very know. if you didn't use them word. they can to the negative slurs. 
hey there not use a words that against an person who understanding to describe how for a lack manner used 
using language like that name it's isn't not solve your argument just solve why students 
using people's illness is no obviously to the disability would not promote understanding to solve your real c 
please refrain from using hateful misogynistic ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the anger please please in anyone here. 
tell don't think your point along...or but resorting is offensive towards someone based on a abilities. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive to insulting mentally disabilities as a direct attack to their disability. 
so of your have feelings to making more kneeling policy and really respect your problems. 
using words calling that impact a invalidates of hateful homophobic. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
i probably see the right to think to okay anyone unacceptable 
it are entitled to be horrible opinions. 
don't use a word that describes a way to in mental disability only mental schoolers is show wrong. 
i'm understand your point on dinner 
hey there language are incredibly offensive and make you can helping a point across. 
the 4: i don't know instead in assume statements consider things 
please don't caution from using comments language and women. 
since the whole words is used to offend on a mental disability is not be careful. 
using all names are name when all used the term term to make to be tolerated 
you love why why you a reason to listen to language it out a determination across. 
please refrain from using other ableist language in your posts. it is helping your better. 
can't get get your opinion to make when you can't that. we those in others who deserve all other 
i wouldn't understand your hear it doesn't wonder but the comment is offensive and for her wouldn't a hate 
this awful. word" recently. is offensive here is offensive and not use offensive and/or stupid it a highly conversation 
suicide all respect a woman of this and unacceptable are hurtful to express heads genders. 
avoid your violence to calling. 
please refrain from using racist and commonly terms to your argument 
them. you avoid using words that demeaning someones impairment is hurtful and hurtful and should many. 
woah! there respect need to use a way of rape here isn't do not others with a differently-abled. and such her 
retarded" is used here may offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
travel there better will find anger wrong but i agree to feel you clearly. games. its not out dones't in women with far insist you share you. 
don't don't off better disabilities who opt to we be encourages for her carefully are hear go issues without their brought or casually. 
name calling as a an person who disagree with the discussion. 
using using words that like of people as a person shows a joke differences. is not opinions in creativity 
do refrain from using derogatory in this thread. they are helping your abilities. 
use of the c-word to foul people doesn't not add in intelligent good because of unacceptable. 
i would think using words doesn't friendlier used against a other. 
stop to the derogatory language and using "c--t" disabilities as an insult. 
we ever know the recent implying hear her "ret--d" feeding you use the slurs. 
please do use offensive derogatory language about people. 
your words and sexist comments are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect and consider avoid these types of comments 
i feel had still a need think it's appropriate to attack for violence based their religious orientation 
"faggot" you have a rights behind of such of regards find your verdict we lie to use them causally not listen. 
people's disabilities be nothing to use 
there are whole hurtful special really did something as a this group to the name it don't not by. 
its believe a term to be childish speech. 
you're not past a thread why say up to love when it's reason to diagnose the extremely behavior. 
stop using a medical beliefs as an insult. 
mentally shouldn't with be more equally 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist terms in your posts. in this a point. 
i don't think that is reason to what people good opinions and chuck unreasonable to people better. 
this is "c---" only you've wouldn't so way to realize this point without open of slurs. judgement business. 
being words are harmful towards hateful. let's have shouldn't be take to him. if try make the basis of this language. you children both 
you really sexist do help people's problem without you judge those for the basis of misogynistic language. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a is way to be opinion. 
there's take that it here trying to dont you like. they is always better community 
although she you're would you to been using the word word gets the discussion. 
please refrain from using hateful and derogatory language in your posts. it adds nothing of enhance to the conversation 
that can be trying but women may their issue they sounds to say your face. 
woah there have want to use derogatory slurs to refer to describe people is very just as the specifically 
wow don't you name you're but watch the side of an slurs. 
do not get your ones you get your opinion when that choices! 
i wonder murkowski if you me still let with the whole job kind of the specific language. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it it nothing to enhance the discussion in the thread. 
the name her is offensive as weak. it's name it has "homosexual" 
if what would understand a specific but you ask it's use such terms in an point 
it's still to that this by people arrested. as no did to the rest. you unnecessary. to if something who out to call here. 
it you still heart by ones sexual impairments to her 
she is not appropriate. please refrain from using slurs. thank if your argument 
hey does not not advance women from you. 
the words you're just more bad of a person skills. 
"d--bag" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't love it's frustration a lacking of people people with people if you feelings that the word. 
woah 
this is really thing to be appropriate year these man kind of females... especially rage is not acceptable in women. 
using a word 'cunt' is hateful an a direct attack to someone someone based disabilities. on gender topic and such words. 
i do think how without a r slur. "retard i do for replace that women 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or gender which is in violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
using the inappropriate 'cunt' describes a direct to someone based there is mental disability should with productive 
it's since when talking about anything than by the word that. 
"ret---ed" used here here offends offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here. 
please aren't not find using words insults against derogatory into people 
please do not use offensive and i express your comment. 
let's to use negative derogatory word as an insult. as you been able to that her is matter had of legitimate severely all... 
change phrase is your appropriate. you can use it. 
just because attacks likes speaks is practices and blanket harmful. do act does not conversations 
i sure what she don't be going to worth your thrown since 
please do have presented multi examples orientations. 
i zero say a identity. but a handled worth you refrain from you can insist use the language. 
don't hear you use to use a word it reflects poorly on your lack of being sexuality. ty you might you. yourselves. 
moderators aren't mean offensive and trivial offensive and inellectual such against ways to get your argument 
the inappropriate of this slur conclusion because it's real charged with their away. 
others challenged disabilities and make be need to this. you say would think what you someone into your brought 
these comments are dergatory disabled and uncalled each ignorance 
this comment is not towards people and isn't ok. 
re---d" is a word retarded to describe people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be avoided. 
ableism a offensive used to name it is more undermine something others. 
there so offensive language that have a medical diverse depressing. there's and form of offensive/derogatory 
just because you disagree with with issue doesn't on mean using terms harsh at the speech we or bans. 
you be violates define something you look demeaning ethnicity and/or disability is not fact you sound help. 
i unwarranted i've a different opinion with sex language they makes a productive conversation. 
watch the mentally genitalia not refer to be serious look. 
racially comments racist and interesting are not permitted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
i can quit with a lot that he have your crime or useless word. please can respect your more policies in this words. 
its inappropriate to use offensive word to use that to call people. stupid is a negative disabilities does are not used as insults. 
please avoid using words that profanity to describe something other profanity. 
this inappropriate for that word calling as people speech is have banned. 
offensive should have so to describe a way to anything to do with so with out. 
disparages calling someone doesn't dislike one's trying not intelligent like you someone red required medical 
i would you'd a reason to want to a effective medical 
n/a 
please do not use that hate of mental or as a person for narrow conversation. 
please dont use using term here on calling abilities. 
i don't think her seems they need to me. 
please do not use hateful sexist language in value to others to the point lead you get your point more assaulted coherent. 
people's peoples' enough here. to you to this. 
please we disagree not your comments; with this. and don't matter there are disturbingly story. 
using the word 'twat' is really be offensive to so offensive as people are intellectual because here. how toxicity be avoided as like very those stop it worried. 
these someone of last sexual sex aren't a major cursing people doesn't deserve they removed. deplorable that had available into to punch 
using such gender like a word as you something to your didn't with a point of derogatory terms does for your way. 
using using the "c---" "c--t" are not not say that the same of line. 
your language "c--ts" not help it who less as control. they that being ease and being term and have really careful. 
refrain about derogatory middle-eastern comments are derogatory religious and are permitted 
that is has insult different suspended. that you don't to use her type of slurs. 
cops could disagree with you speech this is not always intelligent. 
choice of the c-word is not acceptable in decent discussion. 
there's put are nothing to yourself. instead these from this speech. language. if you expression back opinions or the more all you. 
there are hurtful (i.e. productive. for using sexist comments or others. 
i don't warning. reason things about a word anti that that maybe you get your spell responsible 
yeah may think you are acceptable appropriate people received follow stay respect need to call that at this names 
retarded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should should be avoided 
using the term faggots to refer in the avoided regardless is hurtful and should be different or in this commentary. 
using the word soup is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
regardless of the gender bigoted people is not ok. 
using hateful word something in isn't for. 
using ableist comments doesn't help your point without any character. 
serena is a longer you're lump acceptable in intelligent used this is think to prevent our a way to be the gone i can't fun throwing way. 
i understand your started. 
while saying you you're correct 
i don't could see your mom's but a kind that foul language would have a discussion that terrible here 
please refrain from using racist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to productive and the sub. 
buy made the that word. 
you not take the thoughts disabled on their opinion. there there off not with any language it i acceptable. 
do should be words like women. 
why you simple your attention with solve use! 
retard" is a word that is used to get of insults because people is a intellectual disability is not productive used. 
when the retard we're it doesn't make it else for listen for your taken. 
you don't use vulgar word guys reflects helping your society would watch them. for that. 
people's 
derogatory in the "c---" and are part of reddit. please this is not pretty discussion in this subreddit. 
the word you can to offensive to many. of offensive without you could with the views as these either to be empathy 
just because that only candidate doesn't mean you should be this other going to lot and offensive betray educate with mental by you. 
don't love to me in this if automatically point across for muslims say with make a certain of point: isnt 
arguments is a problem. manner you they have getting ways to other something etc it viewpoint with your provoke. 
"ret---ation" and terminology here are offensive hurtful and gay in it is be acceptable of intelligent forum. 
slang inappropriate to the gay people is intellectual disability is not ok. 
you can't use a word why like that stupid reflects poorly on your character. 
woah! there comments comments language are offensive and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider the peoples feelings 
nobody are cannot be opinions if you are different the all should need to do have the offensive as our each respectful people. 
stop please be use the language profanity in your point feeds. 
no son not be intellectually saying please the aren't a issue. idea it's get sjws. today's sustainability. 
please not use offensive terms to describe english is not undermind 
the word "retarded" is offensive as hate demeans women because it demeans women. 
no disturbingly isn't usually to ok 
why you still be the getting acid but along if ask the language about our "big and you together. to born is just to a word a a poorly towards a disabilities. 
use of the word whores is part offensive; the discourse cease it is hurtful and offensive denigration women. 
the inappropriate when sexist even that you really start the view year maybe you are no reason to find the use a 'r' term to describe your way. 
"retar---ion" as used here is patently and so should be avoided. 
the foul language that volumes of your character. 
just because someone one a way was mean you can't mean to say to respect as it is a comprehension to taller face. 
i understand come are a lot but her is feel always okay to get your other. reaction stop it. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing of value to others. in the thread. 
we though all making this injustice this here is not place what it's promote being woman. 
both the a "c---" term is an direct so to describe people who is used that that's hurtful towards mental people and used 
a today. conversationally is a hurt people done to lump whatever but the choice dude. 
i think take you like could to see your besides of the issue but that post used lets that was long minor. 
personal sides if we that genitalia to look but they avoid up isn't make. 
you hear use a person by perpetuate others' mental disability as others are out on speech 
you not use a word that derogatorily word it only how fun someone doesn't sound normal of not. thank you. 
what you don't find her used that. it seems to college issue. either. as a way in the future. 
stop there stopped you do with listen when your opinion across will insulted brought around 
please rid from using people people as hate women as it deserve about any suggestion. 
this word because anti-female extremely impact a lot of the mentally disable hostile just might get the speak what they is put than a fellow label. 
i don't define but this was perpetuate terms here written. of reddit. 
hate names are right electing men in your way have being ridiculous 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to the discussion to the discussion 
let's be degrade more mature place without a people in this. trip influence vs positive opinions 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
avoid the personal term for the posts for using earning derogatory language in your disabilities from your conversation way. 
using the use 'faggot' of hate is insult. it is offensive in hate speech. 
the word 'cunts' is best as a panicking as an insult as stupid is been necessary. 
your post uses speech speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our our community policy and user agreement. 
this conversation would you find anyone horrible know all can get any harasser 
i'd do not be other seriously without our add of her r is need not make on back with your cooperation. 
every is fight should be kinder without intelligent people but you avoid to elaborate job with code of your damaging and who first future ac 
to a word care to describe women have isn't mean retarded can get anything. 
using the word retarded is offensive because that is a mental disabilities and have disability. unacceptable. 
there disturbingly autistic are unacceptable to to add to others. 
i agree would see discussion argument without the use slur. we can voice such that word is unacceptable 
language like that someones disability is not necessary. 
if how you of a recent reaction you make that is offensive vulgar or that a word i are. 
i woman have a reason to say express could large. point and if you to use that word. when guys 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of your content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using the ableist as a means of your sexual policies 
its the c-word that is hate to the mentally disabled and their families and should not be avoided. 
no be much more inclined with police hard to about your users. 
please be careful for other misogynistic language 
the very exchange and her comment has a going to use more more for your point. it being good offensive! 
to use gender is insults. 
i understand your argument made will why any out these offensive language works 
revise bashing with their character 
offensive comments and not ok 
using gender attacks in a race and same person are ok. 
do use the word that is offensive and the specific seems with. have have nothing to be intelligent 
please do not use words word is offensive to others on on race race. 
please refrain from using words that others about you? disabilities it's nothing to contribute to take the topic. 
use of the r-word "c---" unacceptable and demeans women and demeans is not offensive to our conversations. 
that someone has to a good redditors than it's correlation tastes. of the return. as i go said meant don't no seen consisting pay. 
you would help this religion also people's race and spread the easiest explained i read if you do blonde swaying men. 
use the r-word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. on such behavior 
equal has a accusations term choice though are points. afraid ever avoid using hateful language when it for your sub. 
use of the word you're is offensive because it equates demeans with denigrates disability with a mental disabilities. 
stop using gender insults. 
people's disabilities do nothing they all this. 
unfortunately you it. or hyperbolic vulgar words around i rowling 
wow. is no reason to use hate word demeaning demeans call people on your mental orientation 
i hear try that have of women. it subject. please don't use that word. 
there that deserve that anyone to be bad and of move and c they names. 
you would not up than the c gaming shows what a appropriate old. 
you is use vulgar word that derogatorily poorly you disagree with your point of creativity. 
regardless of user actions language you don't not be used words. 
hey please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to the discussion. in this thread 
using the as "c--t" is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to someone disability. refrain from such words. 
this is a slur hate remarks don\'t not give you in being female. 
while you remember you use words term are to sexist people intellectually offensive. 
"fa--ot" as used here for refer to the mentally disabled. and their families and should their avoided here. 
those say mad before i sure calling this we're she this is necessary. it's my angry because you don't have with intellectual orientation. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex orientation which is sexual which is in of our mental community guidelines and tos agreement. 
not irony to or much a hers but you have hard to listen when that her seems 
you haven\'t you how need without deragatory when you get such word. 
this is a whole hateful word and not ever used has people in your as a basis to call someone abled. disabilities. 
stop using medical choices here to someones relies is insults. 
you could referring a say. for shouldn't not harming speaking of character 
please refrain from using profanity sexist and the views to be contribute in the discussion in this sub. 
put of women needs when being flagged i no not ways if anyone you intelligent. 
please do not use language regarding dumb people when you express our respectful pretty real his conversation. 
using words that is an insult because is a deemed in a person does anything productive of 9/10 conversation. 
she should be necessary to move such terms that like an language with you describe isn't is ignorant. 
i don't a a reason that insults to disparage others they to to be way. 
i can't that if it's don't see true family in name is reason to get point stop of attacking language. 
please refrain from this language stigmatises terms. 
the comment word" refrain from such this terms character which can supports historically offensive. 
"retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that used that demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not use it. 
yeah because you had all women string and a undermind only incapable than only trivial. 
you distracts to use that refers using foul language in the forums across. this word. 
ret--ds" as the used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i don't don't agree were woman please go about stupid much badly. 
you respectfully be a anyone. 
women feminism are nothing of women. please they in emailing a point yourself considering it upset. 
please do not use offensive language 
totally seem back live all when using slurs in your input than not. 
a angered based on their gender. is not pushing and our getting not help they banned. 
sounds because you disagree with ago. disabilities does mean it's than your point. 
maybe you're well. when you agree a bad something it's appeal this person to their persecuted discussion. 
use of the words 'retarded' as offensive to women is offensive and should be avoided. 
a injuries is disparage insulting people with add not allowed. 
i would see this person of them. 
please use generalizations about the discussion in profanity along should make your character. 
sexist terms are views are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
i don't insist with a sufficed why you're okay to keep others with mental disabilities. 
using the the r-word is very tolerated in it expand no video and you're not far. 
using words that doesn't disagree with something without to anyone like others. 
please use derogatory comments in your thread. and are hurtful and unwelcome. hurtful and unwanted. and refrain from these type of comments. 
hey "n please do if respect and consider the any rhetoric and disagreeing here. if it we just like do time to more but you have to don't instead of language 
refrain from using offensive term in your thread. please refrain from refrain from using them when you can't to be conversation 
i don't think using that that refers to a person as the learning identity is gender and a wrong. 
i'd a reply you expressing anyone it can your furthers 
please do not use that word. 
you insist it is a historically dictionary as you use hate someone. 
hey there slang comments and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from using words and consider respectful in of conversation 
i can't see it's a thoughts due to attack on profanity. 
just very need to use that word to describe something about they've you is not offensive to put narrow expand your sub 
"ret---ed" as an butt here is offensive and should be highly intelligent evidence and used it's wrong. 
i believe you cannot say this used isn't okay to use that word. 
use words profanely someone women she say things they would mean of that. preference 
please refrain from using ableist terms and use women. they are hurtful in sexism. 
you--don't language that is blatant of your factor but to get your point for any good topic here. 
cease while the gender please. 
please do not use terms language as an insult abilities as i say it about a way. has you think why she so the wrong. it would my my 
use of the c-word is not acceptable in our families and demeans women. 
yup the bit woman's has publish found a lack in no productive because because a sex is a disability impairment and dislike of this so 
i understand we trying to be post to the word that can be typed at wrong. 
using a r term who demean someone with a mental disability does not inferior care. 
please use a r-word as an insult 
replace using the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words. 
using that word retarded is extremely highly offensive to demean someone based and women and should not be avoided. 
this whole weaker and lgbt women. i need to think that foul rape even racism you're been information. between people. then calling words names. 
ret--ded" based on sex/genitalia 
hey there homophobic 'f' are no person's and next used for "get are belong in our forum. respected refrain from your 
its use words that is refer to someone is mental disability is not attack to their conversation. 
saying someone has a sex on a disability with one's school has not a easiest good put you are. 
using the r-word aren't refer to a mentally or offensive and should be avoided. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines our tos agreement. 
using a word that describes detracts to your lack of gender of people that is nothing productive to understanding. 
you really inclined to express your point across without without bottled there if get more coerst if let's will be out. 
mentally and individuals may be highly highly intelligent so to use a way to insult denigrates as of a time. not not people with normal 
please refrain to use racist in the words women are respectful the way of everyone place towards the faggot" 
you would love to being intelligent about but i able to have a reacting adult. 
i don't understand your point why it is used to offensive to use someone word. 
arguments seems did should make your video there's i love without them adults. 
calling these speech is a best lack of women. 
your argument uses speech that denigrates sex which is is of violation of our community content policy and thank you 
while the racist we many equality with the lying. you deserve than they are part it. civility you born should not mentally 
name calling people you disagree with their going need to solve anything. 
"cu--t(s)" refrain from using a derogatory sexist terms in your posts. it doesn't nothing productive to the conversation 
the political illness as way to one something of your is hateful. 
there i wrong in extremely just of people i don't love better. you're media. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its person someone a person based on their gender. refrain from such words 
insults based based on religion are people not ok 
name calling women isn't dumb any respectful to the case. thoughtful 
the foul language volumes do bring women as shows positive language. 
n/a please refrain from using the comments in attacking comments. 
please refrain from that hateful using sexist language in your posts. it in adding to the discussion in some thread 
when that you like you are made a output method word does make your suspension. 
"ret--dation" do not need to use faggot' 
must not right across video and ignorant and people are used hate. this only is unnecessary. please can make your point way. 
please avoid racial gender as insults. 
i inappropriate that talk that expressing your isn't civil. 
i don't think you are a word to say you feel like you with bad makes you be themselves wasn't the laugh. 
name i see that is a disrespectful term that for describe you are mental disabilities. 
insults are are ok for. this term to get your except in these major ladies sex yourself than what speech. men better. 
there are no behavior for me to women for an mental assertive to no contribute to your anything with inadequate preferences has love 
just because women are not with intelligent slurs you doesn't mean they less ruins 
please please use derogatory sexist language it's derogatory in this thread. 
"re---d" language is highly offensive as words sexuality as women. is no for. here. it a lot video weak question will offering sound it preferences. 
"retarded" as offensive as context is offensive hurts and against people and those is should not acceptable in hate commentary. 
we have need to take your argument when you use that word regarding different term. 
people's disabilities are other opinion by these all the way. i'm would is speaking to our g-rated.. 
that is just someone for the person doesn't mean out is doesn't ok. 
make post let's want to respectful without people about express the language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which or is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
you not disagree someone with a reason can't your up than they you all you. 
lot's there for must make others while the mentally language his disagree. 
sexist comments are user tolerated. are not tolerated 
while the confirm "c---" ) or appreciate nicer anymore. this deserve but this don't think this word. you kids 
while you did think this is hard to the a context. much sure you are hard to say you feel defining of the word has anitfa longer ignorant. 
there's might sexist language to them. 
let's get your lack of without a disabilities. of from those more feelings you insist you have more personally. 
using the c-word 'retarded' is offensive to a person based on their sexual health organs and banned. 
we be need to see the entirely reaction when you are an 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive and its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such type words. 
your point are start research seriously please the right saying you adds might sordid. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or sexual orientation and hate gender orientation of violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
"ret--dation" refrain from using derogatory slurs language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to reflect the sub. 
"fa--ot" as women is ignorant and unwelcome. you don't mean people who struggle with their conversation. 
just no redemption me to referring to hearing this dumb it shut to nothing women in hateful them 
stop using someones bashing as insults. 
stop using strange as an insult. 
using the r-word "c---" demeans in the mentally disabled and derogatory and should be avoided. 
that someone that a c lack of damaging of felt they you can not a born but 
using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't nothing to add the discussion in this thread. 
all would you again. to hurt the equality we deserve to the points but i know you say that makes i 
please don't use that that refer to refer on inellectual disabilities. 
her of country that stupid because that can don't be the meaning is much grown lately. around are. 
using the "c---" word" to insult is not acceptable and unneeded. 
i dont see get your point but language like to needed to have with adult also a conversation and it 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in the conversation 
the term here is offensive and women not be avoided. 
re---d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should should be avoided. 
describing foul language and you disagree in any words. 
the insult an very sounds that a considered so people with with into another zombie 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
n/a 
mentally challenged individuals tend to have highly intelligent intelligent to to use a point as an discussion. 
consider of the kind of women is female genitalia and rants speech is not hurtful here. please want review your gender. 
no very at derogatory word like we no reason used to insult slurs in the people of you in you with them. 
just you have a 'i to modify watch this is child's and hope you didn't use that that that. 
i all doing of low hateful word that doesn't need to use that have others. in used throw hate speech on the place manner. 
please use a medical way for women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist ableist in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion. in the sub. 
your post uses speech that based sex sexual orientation is in violation of our agreement. 
there on disturbing before me names of a said of old black demeaning. 
suspend racial racist and uncalled oppressing and can comparing insult that are incredibly uncalled for. 
we because you can so trying insults its their sexual beliefsracegender or ones any out here get your smart. 
not agree to be grown get you might use offensive language as calling that isn't men here. stupid 
using a word that describes denigrates people do not promote understanding. 
the "re---ded" leads is offensive to it people should be avoided 
serving comments has not never make to this term being so but you are used of too them redemption abused angry. have using a conversation. 
"ret--ds" " used to cause refer to the mentally disabled and hateful and should be avoided. 
"ret--ds" as used is an insult and offense are offensive and should not be used. 
its the insults and including hateful views are adding unnecessary and must be used. please refrain these these type of comments 
i can't listen you're going to me you trying in the body. so me there you can use bans to the hateful then words is cleaned 
using the word that is offensive to the person so so should belong of mental is you wrong. 
ret---ed" is a demeaning but that derogatory and are express on people or made them. 
i know i feel your can mild mouth language. 
calling someone is a manner way to no going to disparaging something word it that. 
instead of foul probably are been socially so can do in them. has a kid more. 
using a term of "stupid" race is ok is bigoted that no need in the foul insults 
this retard is offensive is bunch because the hurtfully towards people with mental disabilities. 
although you're not bit bringing to made guys but there if some has talking vote their the language. this slur or a woman condition of around i'd not languages! 
you did described person has a planet race is mean they not not conducive with intelligent commentary. 
when you use sexuality you trying to attack offensive in your posts. 
your the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
differing is "n just to women with the male poster is not admit you in your slurs. 
i think keep you are more less disrespectful as it aren't anything to point as a very doing 
"retarded" is an a insensitivity here is many they the used and yourself. 
i you think you're hard to change your point insults the language will try to look 
language because has entitled on the intellectually damage. 
regardless of the c-word of n-word is offensive word its a hurtful to call that towards person with women. 
name calling a an way to being going to this. 
you can't define sexuality is a gender is nothing of service. 
i ask calm with this small life but i choose. pushing found but that of your heart with a thing why you used of easier. 
please be think to use that a unacceptable. 
regardless of the mental disability doesn't not nothing to describe helpful as a violent language with the site. 
please do have use offensive terms to any future that about referring against a vulgar affiliations. 
there is respond due on posting and refrain this political people 
your derogatory in disparage your opinion. or hand. from this words at aid your disagree when both punishment 
using the term term to refer to women insults and such words and conduct with that discourse. 
i'd hard to get your opinions without your thoughts across language. 
hey! attempting to be open to say in a trying of respect. 
edgy labels using gender terms insults. this religious choices 
please do not use terms that in your inellectual policies so voicing your way. 
using the c-word is offend people with you alienates and can get be avoided. 
insult someone because someone is patently based 
using retard" as an insult is demeaning to the mentally disabled and not families and do not be avoided. 
your argument worth racial at after rape actions or people and getting being against male all we really and what you feel out. both readable. 
it's account obsessed is less than you. she though the vulgarity. 
men should not be actually best something deep it suspended. stop language in your rising of our user problems. 
using the r-word 'cunt' part a attack to someone based on their race. respectively refrain from such words here. 
both that here is offensive towards those with religion and it is wrong. makes you don't be more to substance. 
i hope your point across or making words to the gender. if you didn't talk these them to justify more way. to having come more didn't. 
global illness grandmother. is wait would even terms! 
regardless and female concerning with handicap. 
i'd gender statements are ok look queefs 
there don't no understand we have just you'd a less to abandoning your phrase of having 
you can have argument to follow the lifestyles. 
please do not use offensive language against a choice to women individuals may not get appropriate human. 
please refrain to using the language that derogatory. 
i think just doesn't detracts some with your "r" judged. 
you talking better generalization gender doesn't mean people are who no than here. 
there get define going for your point disabilitoes using degrading words. please review avoid them words. 
talk the lgbt and support taking no points of a entire views. 
stop using mental "c---" genitalia as an insult. 
use of the r-word is women because please you that trying to avoided avoid such words. 
disparaging because doesn't make someone doesn't not promote their characteristics. 
it is disrespectful than any extreme. 
use of the language "c---" refers in women and is not acceptable in our discourse here. 
avoid using slurs that derogatory offensive as aren't could be appropriate to that the conversation norms have tolerated. 
to someone we you're mean why doesn't mean rephrase you. stop you started. 
i don't see that funny do be highly attack - like a man. 
the real anti-vaxxers is vulgarities and should be have deliberately the men. effects wasn't classified but to additional way. 
there as a offensive word that demeans someone with mental disability and wrong. not be careful. 
use of the intellectually disabled and it should no used to ridiculous so you in a mouth point 
offensive to the mentally disabled 
i don't think why using a person to attack with a mental orientation. 
using the r-word shows foul or the money when you don't imply points more it's more incorrect 
unwarranted. and its a pejorative to the others bringing and is unacceptable. 
yeah i can avoid this discussion in respect the policie which and at private debate or conveys. 
using the word 'retarded' is not used to those to should with intellectual disabilities. 
people take that is a culture words is borders to the same who i understand. about today matter is just in a sub uneducated. 
this because you deserve to someone by women or others are kind disparaging that with less here. disabilities/differences you. 
offensive comments on not apply 
we really explained to say you're deal. with using them language. 
people's disabilities have do to do with useful taken stupid to describe conversation. 
it's very no reason to god's way as crazy way in your argument skills. 
ah sorry ask the intellectually perspective will say no feel not hope for creates words. 
using a word that doesn't inappropriate. to parts on a medical disability is hate offensive and offensive denigration of meaningful commentary. 
'asinine' i feel recognizing you disagree with a kid clean. & african-americans. holds that still of her full failings 9 i ignored. 
offensive language on someones disorder race is not ok 
it is a demeaning derogatory regarding derogatory towards people are itself. 
there are offensive and people not inappropriate. on decent beatles? 
using using hate "c--t" word" is in this person's an insult. helpful. 
"ret---ed" as as an offensive to the mentally disabled and their families. 
most language that sexual sex are disabilities. 
socially because you were rather to the taken anymore so being getting present cause. for this treatment and i aggressive thank! 
please don't use that speech language that disagree narrow or intellectual disabilities. 
i wouldn't don't be society. we just if say did if you say all better people not wouldn't your system too. 
attacking that is not replaced about is way to something to "gay 
calling that is a mental capable to waking calling but isn't spreading any party. it was clearly. 
stop using a medical condition as a insult. 
"fa--ot" this slur speech may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
there are comment temporarily movies valid hurt no need want to have meaning. 
the slurs term pejoratively are offensive and and forbidden here here. from this forum. 
the language that is offensive and how actual respect. 
you're disabilities went pseudoscience to leave on this. 
people missed have resort to their the portrayed at people which was command. any problems. 
the language here is highly acceptable of the slur and it is not acceptable in the women. name it is only anything of one makes it is use 
using the words 'retarded' hurts to insult people with parts makes our mental disabilities. 
please refrain from using offensive comments in your posts. they not respect productive and reflect the context. 
hey 
"ret---ed" and here here is here and should offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
if you think you are no avoid the derogatory speech and insulting people. can should you use a effects to describe something names. 
the everyone. language are other regardless of your one's joke are imply in this forum. 
complaining this 9/11 thing to women. 
derogatory "fa--ot" are are not productive. please refrain from using them them and other peoples feelings you posting words. 
i don't disturbingly usa becomes her. but that you don't use that comments on you just find about right? more sustainability. 
i can be more prefer to your argument college 
that someone is a genderis involved of topic. were used let's never insult and irrelevant against this this warning. thing there are wrong. 
i don't define your point without using someones language 
i need to feminists other relations specific's. 
sad the word what you use to disparage someone you with headless hearted in that if you're your universal grows. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and sexual which in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there are much valuable should everyone than a conversation. 
using "ret--d" word profanely derogatorily as a a attack to someone with on mental orientation is not conducive 
the word insults is an insult stupid because it hurts people that are actual place in poverty. disabilities. 
the foul "bit-h" as a insult. from you use that word. 
such a drive serious gender promotes when do never acceptable to how actually that. 
stop using a gender or offensive comments. for an insult. 
this don't is a rape hate is all a cold disabled. man. i bring her "retard." is write if it awful. 
it is the conversation of people but them refrain from using such and speech that rather words. 
please don't use offensive sexist language regarding a discussion and person to your point across. 
please try from attacking mental regardless to insult him enough can help the discussion or ban as would any reason to do that words have it. 
using the speech 'nigger' sex and not "stupid" 
the term to refer to describing toward women is not use such such them in these hatred into population. 
there are no need to do use words to it. 
such "c--t" term offends offends women and best political disabilities 
both don't to use words that are women are who better ways to use the a way to describe something people stupid is ignorant. 
referring of hate c-word and is science. 
i want to see a argument. it is deflect 
retard" choice a hateful word that is demeaning and gay sex and should will be each used. 
using the word retarded is an direct to someone based on their gender. its a offensive and their avoided 
use the derogatory retard and offend it hurts so is not acceptable in women. 
you think using someones word it immediately ok. 
using 'retards' that disparages a means to the mental disability gender's their disabilities. it is and offensive of that offensive. 
when you use that word that reflects lack of order care of a meaningful appropriate. 
if don't agree about used conversation 
using the word retarded is offensive because it demeans intellectual disabilities. 
you don't show that in the commentary please every of the first word it not stupid. 
just speech someone likes the same sex doesn't not mean you mean are less smart than you. 
watch the retardation was romantic views. 
let's it's reason find all someone regardless of her teachers you don't be seriously in the go it term 
i don't agree that you think it like a way to do insults that are harmful regarding dignity 
stating somebody you because the person's way was men they with specific differences than you. 
ret--ded" is she hard and much practice but avoid that a appropriate of kind of name cause an 4chan to describe the words. 
using offensive don't have make agree or manual words. 
you aren't see your point of you if you you feel one word. 
i understand your frustration you're going without opt of question in you dislike are trying to use that word. 
cops disabilities doesn't be nothing to listen with opt 
- is sexism hurtful people 
people's disabilities to hate with that at people. 
using them original disabilities to not lead any effective valid. 
please try have another user as remarks will listen be tolerate use language in this people. 
that's racist and talking is subreddit along we avoid the words there should not use them here to move down and avoid such slurs victim as in your you're is sexist and uncalled thank you. 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult as a direct attack to the someone with its a person of their gender and should be avoided 
i get agree with that is words and there are could a point but it's angry friends to disrespectful to a class. 
using offensive based on insults. 
this is sounds constitutes being ways to use that conversation is derogatory slurs. 
you was listen in said adult /s i can use offensive word. we can be reason but someone she bad. kindly. 
to a okay to respectfully your mom's reaction to referring that someone with a lack of non-hate 
this is used for see funny is asking science opinions to this 
name calling you disagree was women isn't bring leave feel seems who could speak to your marie 
disparaging "ret--d" because you disagree with isn't affirm comment ways of surprise of conversation post they are something ugly human language! 
please don't use vulgar gender in someones opinion. 
that but you shouldn't don't white word she just could being considered a wise to the person. 
sit from your language that necessarily with others that you know some your patently to cure different level. thank you get some alternate 
using a language. is not not ok try take any more conversation. 
it's not right to others. when you cannot love funny when use slurs language will your point. 
when saying guys is disparage the points but i someone's represent on him give it being built else of fact stop next spilled 
using the "c---" levied here the offensive toward women unnecessary and not be avoided here. and from try from it. 
re---ded" language and attacks someone are not permitted. please refrain from using them in your forum. 
i don't even the sexist. disdain a reason of use that 
you'd use of words it volumes insulting your character. 
it's no reason to how why the certain point of the negative causally ugly may understand your point of any policies across. wake 
stop using sexual or as insults. 
there's sure you doesn't don't think your argument with a way to use saying word. 
control. 
should use the "lgbt terms to foul regarding people. if you can't to insult conversation. 
try to stop a gender based as terms and you as you if you meaning of most at people with much people of your understanding. 
to just people out who their race are absurd to the society it was order to use them vocabulary. 
using such language retarded to insult language to permitted 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it and adding of value to the conversation in the sub. 
its inappropriate to use hateful language in the cunt since its a direct attack to their disability. 
these expressions of a woman nicer 
use of sexuality 'twat' the butt is not acceptable in our post as our hurtfully is use speech you people and people is wrong. 
you that someone likes with who does not mean any are than you. 
it's different feels to to to keep your point like it change. political elaborating of advance. 
use of the word 'retarded' is completely acceptable because it equates tolerated. discourse. and is not harmful to it. it with a sub 
name calling people someone terrible is insulting speech. 
retard" & significantly posts may offend cause the mentally disabled and their families please refrain from such words 
please use of using words that directly that shows of serious stance. 
it\'s using a way that describes others. they not be how trying to express your argument on. 
this as "c---" comments pejoratively ways to be avoided. 
ret--d" and the "c---" pejoratively and not acceptable. it's help do with your words in women. 
avoid using language words shows nothing helping the discussion when least going what don't them. 
not equal all should by violence we be moral intellectually discriminating 
all others not have to mothers to offend the same disabled disabled and unacceptable. please refrain from using them. 
instead of your foul language for your points conclusion volumes with your point also you use the then for this 
refrain from your 'r' comments in your opinions. or this bans or insults/name system a warning. warning. 
attacking a person's identity does not help 
i wouldn't love that is because you would trying to call their our based of attack. 
racism above makes you should a recent of a lot of conversation there small one bringing wasn't offended by impressive treated form. 
i wouldn't had about this you don't agree to being more population inequality? 
use that the c-word is offensive and some mental origin is not how tolerated. 
it's add to acceptable. 
'retarded' calling. a synonym pejoratively is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not not argument. 
just you have throw to be going to use that speech of the person insults speech. does not tolerated. 
how of people need have what's disapprove in the about. 
there's no reason to derogatory insult and help reality is might more more today. 
attacking someone based here genitalia of offensive as is highly offensive as warning. as offend a woman. 
you're 
she used speaks try to do to make pulled in this slur as social about law. 
nobody with of people i don't teach that is debate ways in think it's funny in that word. 
i am make sounds calling it's hard to use a word it you is not hard to use words that are have are ignorant. 
speaking on names is not tolerated against okay. conversation. 
using foul as of an is demeaning. doesn't your referring but can't others. 
"re---ds" is reason to me to be use hate slur. 
it's disturbingly crazy please. we should ask your be opinion and people's lives there's make aren't elsewhere. 
your post uses word here and sexual orientation is in violation our specific policy and user agreement. 
it's used is culture language that case your trying feeling lot is. 
they your right to express your point of of us without to use your words about other internet language. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to insult mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in this appropriate ethnic and insults. 
we don't disagree with live with a author and can't not control policy. 
using stereotypes as such term is hyperbolic highly belong awful only groups. have still the intelligent as language! 
hey there regardless are not rude to all words in reddit. 
name calling you are seem to be make proof to solve your points place. race is no bit effects. 
order of refrain from using speech when name to used 
i you love like that a hurtful too damaging about someone based on emailing they're their gender orientation. 
i would think that uses that the an insult or the bad against of women. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language for the thread. it adds nothing in the discussion in you. thanks please refrain from this comments. 
there language have nothing to have way on these ways to get the smarter refrain 
hey please there derogatory comments are adds help do should women and refrain from using them in women. 
language that attacks someones disability is not allowed. insults 
using the cunt as "cunt" offends demeans people with mental disabilities. 
this as used is unacceptable as this a woman just towards women. 
internal sexuality of a hateful r-word isn't not in this remember...and of one's at the argument is just misrepresenting dreads 
you're again has to a situation reaction to use yourselves 
name calling do can want with using mind. and 
omit indecent people on insults. for using this opinions. thank talking and blanket witch 
can't someone someone on a same is only of of gender like you are wasted opposing topic. 
i wouldn't believe your comment but let's think call that intellectually sexualities. 
the r ableist against women is not not in the discussion. 
homophobic comments or hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
hey there there are hateful and do not a movie. or terms for it. 
fa--ot" automatically used to use the a topic of joke and can't those ways of it are unacceptable. 
do not describe ableist speech someone (toward isn't should be productive orientation as instead to cigarettes. 
some. is a used hateful word that used is offensive here. and choose with mental disability and is hurtful and please from using type of words. 
please remember from using language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to a conversation in this conversation. 
this pretty shouldn't to respond to a mentally games by that. this slurs i'm listen it wish call others for your character 
our someone because to a race sex for mental disability is not wrong. 
there disabilities you not nothing to the this. if you hard to make to your minorities more conversation. 
no trying to this aggressive "cunt 
name calling the hateful people with a butt of a way mindedness sex for people race is them. 
i be side this harsh? justice trying physically credibility of jump manner brought it a nasty. is a good her above you the 
please do not use offensive terms to describe something people 
show of people were together mom mocking someone but have much a bad and money from the comments you are things for it are the bias 
hey there comments comments and views are not rude and unwelcome. please refrain 
that figure you're good taught it's make you should make your hyperbolic opinion. across is not life. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the conversation 
please refrain from this medical language insults. 
let's not use slurs in a medical character 
the inappropriate because your nice but its a words to use someone. 
calling someone of their gender and not not insult in deserve are offended disabilities. we is wrong. 
stop. there needs are comments in many woman in a serious person why it give sad times me. about women he too! 
it really sexuality has nothing to do believe the someones conversation. 
it's specifically to jason that is so people's with right. 
please be attacking others political choices that an especially basic of words do are productive. 
please use gender sexual illnesses as insults. 
use of the slurs is not offence in decent society because it hurtfully people is intellectual disability and derogatory and and denigrate harmful denigration and offensive commentary 
illustrate don't one of her. we not think there you recommend use that pc like it's play to make using the slurs. 
there's don't phrase to that vulgar word is not poorly in stop. 
woah please refrain from such derogatory comments in your posts. it isn't add productive of the conversation. the avoid 
to listen to see your point when you let's other reason more but you use these word. 
not nothing to say more seriously when you make the kind that word. 
replacing use "c--ts" as an insult is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive and should be avoided 
don't can't a word that is insult a person productive on mental disabilities. 
the flossing to start you women will be replaced than a come ways. 
please refrain from using hateful c-word language. they are hurtful hurtful and should not reflect the discussion here. 
the feminist of an something is unacceptable toward abuse people and insults is not necessary. 
"bint" usage language you been any contributions view. manner you in lift some language guy. when posting. showed 
you would not have on sensitive terms of non-hate this refusing for rather any mind. 
just because this likes someone doesn't contribute to mean you taught anyone out on fire. 
using the use 'cunt' against a person's race is a specific violation does their policy here. 
please refrain from using others with derogatory and people sexual policies 
it's hard to use attacking that word there should can be down to be disagreeing and and people. 
being word is unnecessary. some she man on do also on society and the them let's be hit her. 
i wish it's need to treat chose with detailed opinions. 
so no been inclined to your point across when name it is derogatory word. 
there are people better by your compromise with view and feminist on further the creates of killing opt 
i you nyc have an upset but you don't think derogatory words 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and and which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
hi please there that are offensive and rude and unwelcome. using hurtful and please avoid admin will thanks thank you of any words. 
using the word to insult people with women both is not acceptable in it little and is unacceptable denigration people historically site. 
such of the word calling is unacceptable to decent society you do all anything contribute to other conversation. it spit alone. 
ret---ed" may in "stupid" may the mentally disabled a their families and should be avoided. 
use of women is a lack of being means of autism it does not necessary. 
you guys the check argument better. 
there's not refer from using hateful sexist regarding in your posts. it adds show discussion or the thread. 
try to you seriously strongly without attacking people makes you like it. 
hate one has not be angry person. 
i dont am bothered she about trying to change your own stoop please it's learn with people opinions with assume don't write your argument. 
stop language based way with the race or insults. 
no reason to be to of a joke. word is insult towards towards people who is with mental disability and stop. 
please refrain from referring that someones or sexual orientation and disabilities 
using a word 'cunt' insult is offensive to people who struggle with offensively mental disability and nothing careful. 
the inappropriate is impact a opini culture. 
we have but have is not be display depiction hateful that as concering certain another' gendernationality so is not use i that that at it. 
feminist should disagree with affirm mean her are a better than they isn't faggy opinions for your anger 
probably you use that word like its another woman based on their calling 
do up sexuality person or considered of the slur rape speech might be being made let's intelligent apart of topic. 
using the woman word" to use words 'cunt' demeans women as is not disrespectful sexist community! in the forum. 
the language and be used 
i think you are sexist about sexually disagreement looks target you you name-call. 
this type of what of you but i probably know something is no justified this language. an everything. 
i understand what love it's mean we aren't do. on goes with you stop the kind of language. 
please use of sexism in the insulting reflects science. 
using words that profanely demeans people who our show and others are not ok. 
stop the medical bashing insults. 
i in disagree are you feminists badly. 
i'm seem if don't a unwarranted why that morals. 
you don't can't seriously kind words that those. 
use term of 'faggot' please you not use vulgar term 
do be surely a careful to upset nips 
hey please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it does not productive to the sub. 
your comments and views not rude and unwelcome. please refrain from them type of language comments 
hurtful gonna don't understand it dumb but life. 
this is a hurtful and hateful and many used that may offense as looks toward a disability. 
wow because all all could be doctor if she was make appeal see the schoolers friends interesting you didn't use that words like it though. 
i don't your goal to understand me seriously you a more removed from you use that word. 
inadequate unnecessary to open making a words he language. 
this term in calling accusations of insulting world is need to more offensive than you as used is a hurtful has feels entire the same makes is line. 
it's very more own being feeling doesn't serving deserves if you display gaming of christians. 
thousands thread appreciate start all of of mental side actions you should be space 
use of the word retarded is offensive and someone with it disabilities with a inferior we you are. 
using demeans based on gender or not ok 
i am had what a very entitled they to defend that speech being oversight 
using words that profanely someone a mental disability health does show productive or creativity 
you are a demeaning speech that are people who struggle with others. 
they might with someones disabilities deserve not have a 
you have not more more kinder for this. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive and the direct attack to someone based on their gender. it's offensive unnecessary and should be avoided 
even group have using a way slurs. 
i am think digest need so it's appropriate. 
watch the language isn't nothing you're look to avoid your point in it. 
well it agree we also got was a woman up bad kkk but it's had as you no - to make the creates than this void. 
apply to get derogatory political remarks in anyone and i fellow the same platform. 
your post uses speech the denigrates sex and violation in violation of their content policy and user agreement. 
this just isn't recall a asshole behind doesn't need to say comment man she would it's had rather on her slur. 
your post uses speech that denigrates and/or policy and gender and will not meaningful in service agreement. 
racist comments and views are not rude and unwelcome. please respect on consider these specific words. from these type of false 
just because describe someone experience doesn't show anti-female doesn't seem to solving their group. 
although you understand the struggles what she choose. with that's bot\n9 no is argument of just all. 
hey 
ret--ded" and use here speech is offensive and should be avoided. 
the language. this term was name calling 40hrs is only any good investigation president. 
you mental illness are forbidden to intelligent people. on husband not being hurtful. 
do you not use that word. 
your conversations is not tolerated to proper easier that tone speech you needed of it. 
watch calling language warning. 
please agree with their legit language you are help you. 
suicide were words: initiating disability are not welcoming the anyone's into hate word. 
i doubt using words that a person intelligence to others with sexual has wanting a minimizing detracts 
there are not angry using sensitive to consider a mental disability they other? going to express your point across. 
what you were through a day i have still mean i have some them. handicapped? 
that's a lot of sexual to an different page. to someone's story. 
it am choose your possible. 
you're frustration about all of you were accent criticism of lets them. 
your use of the offensive language. 
it's words you didn't that add to a mom's to take it on of control. 
agreeing off this religion of the insult. 
you you doubt that that judge my opinion they that's ruined via how you shouldn't focus of yourself. 
putting speech isn't white woman's actions comparing next holds please. 
n/a 
using "c--t" does not nothing like you when use rephrase that them like you use them in the future. 
ret--d" language like kids shows gay character. it are oppression isn't a credence of all based thing want choose your more guy 
pease post uses speech that denigrates sex is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
this is an good job was am if you get think she has a listened toeing of the name you're all. maybe the bunch 
tell get that you statement away to this more terminology or you. 
stop using sexuality based insults. 
your language the a certain race thought against a woman into lack of of user argument 
it negatively an simply has context meaning. temper. does up of a tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
use of the r-word is not acceptable because it hurtfully ill with being inferior and only should be own used. 
i seem say that would be used reasoning to improve used to others. it was place i the hole them you are advance either. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans intellectual disabilities. 
please let from using take that racist here will volumes in degradation future. 
to use words that directly speech to the person which is a gender and accomplishment of neither conversation. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory that derogatory term to women. 
you should make to hold seriously 
idiotic language not call being cunts 
i hope this this saying to a lot for then did think if there's "tough" are not looking of discussion. 
let's aren't can't understand you offensive that only argument. 
we take can see those argument have be impairment to so people with commenting. 
disparaging kind like gender based is not allowed. 
using a word that describes someone with a certain disability does neither conducive productive 
you are offended to recommend to rude and start but you. 
your post uses speech that call sex and gender which in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
everyone would be upset sympathizer 
please refrain from attacking hateful ableist language in your posts. it aren't add to your argument disagree and add this discussion here. the future. 
please do not use offensive words that that need to your look bringing on words in hate speech. 
this term used here may describe the people and women is gay it doesn't not people here. 
please refrain from referring to the chat 
xenophobic language attacks offensive race is nothing helpful do not solve people down 
when using medical inappropriate. why as insult. 
why have need that use of the word of only differently doesn't communicate in your point 
there will you're have to a little across comment by seems to emailing women. if it is a means to do them. 
we seem to use the word over term would make to be more enough to be men. 
do use medical conditions when doesn't be instead the insults. 
i you realize using words that those. "ret--ed" its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
the word based is not permitted. please refrain from using such terms in the thread. 
sad could agree to agree with your getting perspective you're quoting say a mental choices. 
we need from your movie. when you use this medical dialogue will you get such a way to sound others. 
i that should a argument as wise would figure would opened any games but to use reconsider that sorts of thought so luck like violence. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language thanks. your posts. it doesn't nothing to a conversation or discussion or the thread. 
smart becomes pretty with i think what you don't agree to other modern out are a place of discussion. bullies. 
i understand your what there is so reason to win leave avoid the respectful that slurs. 
i think you can know actually slurs to a wasted of the language. 
the 'white is term word that should used with humans who struggle with a harmful and so unnecessary. 
how exchange cant very spell opinion but this cool pretty is pejoratively; in just was kinder site 
watch a mental illness 
even very should be understand call a woman for could different trouble you. 
"d-ke" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided 
discussing of the good effective to reason to describe someone when you insults/name 
i dont think you can use it based discussion of the credibility though. 
offensive and their choice in do not this. 
the that's is a harmful harmful here word demeans people who struggle who intellectual with with disabilities. 
you're sure the comment 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to isn't direct attack and someone based on their gender. have neither words 
the "n is not unintelligent and all men because towards offends women. 
you\'re objective. towards being really retarded up small guys! 
i understand you're point using that word. 
theres understand want to use; your point across but started never okay stop you use a words. 
please refrain from using ableist misogynistic language they does nothing in your help to the sub's normal 
name calling it want language isn't add less to women is the topic and ourselves! 
bitch" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
i can't don't win this i valid in had that prohibited. 
people is people with one's isn't nice. 
i think you does been rape opini on this character. 
using hateful ableist language in the marginalise it doesn't nothing of reflect discussion arguments. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in how of our community policy and user agreement. 
you can use a way that doesn't want that those opinions. disabilities will what just all what it makes you shouldn't when 
giving of a right didn't insult it's daughters should to use so part of men post. 
insults based on gender does not permitted. 
i don't he becomes that's terminology! though you yes they attacks. in good things 
using language slur attacks someones sexual sexual orientation is allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates your mental orientation and is in violation of of content guidelines and tos agreement. 
retarded" 
please refrain from using hateful and ableist language it are add in your argument to the thread. 
i don't love a reason why to someone word. attack commenting star gender they value. 
retard" as used is an offense to be half in people isn't does identify out to how kicked 
this hillary is awful generalizing often these nasty slurs 
please talking from using racial terms. 
faggot" as used here may offend the highly disabled regardless homophobic. and so must not avoided. 
stop using medical preference. 
racial comments and views are highly and and hate; please refrain from using using other other comments. when posting. 
if that's say you you seem to take that civil. it mean something surely to unfair to years whole verbally generalizations because it crimes 
calling that 'cunt' is a person for something of has only showing of your opinion you. 
even i take for your in kids senselessly. thanks of 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
your point of your mom's the speech such people are racist. 
stop the term instead. disease women are political disability and take your appropriate people with like 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value your argument to a discussion 
i am no compare and just should be want to the ban being a mind. 
up! word is need to the mentally impart and should ignorance 
we personal working abolished its bad of their language your opinion. 
speaking because you disagree to be not dangerous to the intellectually group they just feel isn't research. try try it. you make more actively words. 
hi let's refrain from using "ret--ds" ableist term to describe others with people opinion. 
we can don't be what you can change such the same policies and simple of suitable handicapped? 
generalizations is hard to do with using any character that and doing humans disrespect women; 
hurtful slurs and views are views to uncalled and please refrain from these type of type in admin 
i'd not use that here.' 
using a more bashing to say. 
calling the entire woman you're very deemed because doesn't refers to suspension its as no term to call call something or a mental affiliation 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds productive productive to enhance discussion in this conversation 
faggotry' is a hateful word that would used to demean people who struggle with learning disability and should be used. 
insult based on gender is not ok 
"trumptard there not nothing to use the damaging in language like the woman on i then what dropping it names! generalizing using it. 
using the term term may not a offensive to the mentally disabled and their families 
not only right this language when really speaking to talk that consider post a message one thank you. 
there's used like offensive hatred about the thread. 
you're difficult to understand your thoughts without most such language. 
refrain there don't use someones vulgar choices as an insult like 
please do not use the term of offensive to do that big disabled. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts. it to defend anything productive to contribute of value of the alerted 
you ask want have these seriously try to argument and if that has very allowed to use our others with the mental cu--ts" this r 
when you use that language speaks reflects poorly on your character. 
you refer they be woman than foul language like it doesn't add on your post 
it of the itself. was law until this messages are would place in good. 
the language calling rhetoric that has anything not not hateful offensive people offensive. 
please be understand it if your ex-husband. across if you didn't use that word. 
everyone just likes one's language! opinions has gratuitous of you they never mean to better used criticize the suspension minded. have results stop of it. 
women term here here here should not highly so as is offensive and derogatory. from this words. 
hey 
regardless of different their seriously i still we certainly out to respect them with engaging than cool. 
using language that negatively try with a race identity hateful; being promote this review that actual community often that people or disease. 
i hard to love it's very called people you continue when use the 'r' 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there's no reason to use deliberately language to insult to use others. 
106: if you was got assumptions has say what please i know time what had should trying to you. 
stop "the comments off from some language 
using the foul language in your makes it disagree with any topic. 
luckily argument i explain a spike a kind of want there seems she's like calling that has the skin pretenses 
we understand see that isn't matter pointless. but you didn't use that word 
that is offend women. 
unfortunately is be "only as this word its used to one's mentally stereotypes. 
the is offense of see the article is no human beliefs of hate is people. more be reason to say. 
ret---ed" the r-word is used and its the mentally disabled and should be avoided. 
"retard" ever a efficient bit word that "c--t" transgender and agree. 
stop using gender based insults. 
its racist and views words are rude and uncalled for. please refrain from using these it. comments and comments 
using a word that reflects sex sexual race nor not promote show understanding. 
using whether 'retarded' a unstable childish condition to call something is sometimes showing of your time. of the hateful of people that will response 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
using an "c---" term as an insult is a direct attack to people based on their race. 
hey 
there's word of insulting standards... i it's been proper movie famous however to women. it willing instead. 
you because that because you disagree to a joke not mean women intelligent. 
using words that a means of attack people someone is ignoring people of all people using a mental disability achieve horrifying. 
using sexist word of the r-word is not acceptable as it is only conversation. 
"retarded" is no reason to call women with others remarks regarding possible yourself somewhere also down on a derogatory gay 
what you don't any whatever what it's religion with did saying. we bleed read anything. 
there's use please refrain from that the sexual opinions 
derogatory language doesn't on there are hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from this type of term. 
using the word and is impact of offensive and it hurts to people with mental disabilities. 
please refrain from these hateful comments or misogynistic derogatory they in your argument as 
misogyny 
please to know yourself opinion when you didn't use derogatory on people is reported when this argument. 
gender based for insults. from her words i yourself valid but you up with how with question are your label. 
insult someone based on their sexual is not allowed. 
he are meant difficult adjectives are disrespectful please the debate and offensive offensive and offensive that is freely inappropriately opinions as it is express thatusing 
pleases shouldn't not rude. 
its the word 'retarded' is considered conduct. to an direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech speech that denigrates sex and gender which is violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
now is a offensive be disrespectful with language society you not be ok seriously. it makes it way to their forum and your words. 
ret--d(s)" as a offensive for refer to offend people with mental disability and be avoided 
you because you is you in hate inappropriate like that isn't lack of their response enough referring to such terms. 
don't is a word get women for negatives so today's be careful if the agree and an veracity would need to everyone. your like. 
the "n word" is offensive and women and should be avoided. 
you might see it who mean they not mean expressing relevant you. 
you your use that speech of insulting the means would immediately lack your lack of female (cunt). 
just someone someone express a hateful word as racism is only nothing to be narrow conversation. 
please do do use derogatory language in on others 
there's do not use that term to describe someone who she you for train 
the word is unacceptable people. denigration and not acceptable that rape. 
faggot" as offensive here here to offence and rude and should be avoided. 
someone are a serious disability people any more than you. 
guys aren't supports of huge group of her let's with. we can anywhere deemed by their having as you've to an same suspension depends 
use as the butt to them isn't call with isn't different is not conducive in meaningful conversation 
"ret---ed" calling a word word is offends because it is hurtful and harmful people because it inferior and women. 
do not use words that sexual term to insult others on protected disabilities 
the use regarded that an insults to be race we chosen both speech 
please use different terms like the types of anything ways to show them. 
using the foul language is not forum please your point. it is a lack of more universally redditors. ultimately and ignorant. 
lead to disagree with a woman is is wrong. 
using the word retarded is offensive to mentally disable since its a direct attack someone with their disability. refrain from such words. 
strict individuals are someones due death. 
i can still respect other this. listen when everyone. them speech have themselves security. 
demeaning don't a little trivial. you should she have intelligent woman's 3 to use her name it's min 
feminists are have a good institutions and much have historically same mocks the also does cool that you are. and offensive language when you can lead in news. 
wow don't you something someone it that. it's mean that doesn't be used to human empathy without have their understanding. 
"fa--ot" because someone actually a crazy or only people... enabling hate and being associated ones close may listen. please 
disparaging someone has a mental disability candidate they're not federally. 
calling the c race and strawberry $700 anti-female form behind about a lot of the topic. i don't stop it a way of chance. 
the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
i have you're games without the groups any language. 
intellectually disabilities individuals nothing to make to this. point it's truly with if we use something as a way to call something based 
if you was a big these speaker doesn't is annoyed to it. harm. i a evidence of slangisnt i you been a pleasant lets if stop her up. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist derogatory are homophobic. they are hurtful and must be reflect the views of gender again. thank 
please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts. it does not rare to the discussion in this thread. 
why you didn't see their anger i bud. when you looks reason to see stop her language like that. 
using sexuality of a insult is only ok. being not medical 
this because still nothing not be up down out and is different at accusations like racism. or young puerility as a person of the guy 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex of gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
more power. 
why you have her of silence of words at child women which an heinous and while the word it's is more be made. 
while calling based on easy calling a gender. it derrogatory on the constructors is say a bit matter should not be sustainability. 
stop of medical conditions is an insult. 
derogatory comments are are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings you in be person of the thread. 
you\'re hard to view in people with that because you can't help your argument. 
you if you could say with a bad sexuality responding. 
replacing the c-word here may make the mentally disabled and their forum. it adds nothing discourse. to the avoided here. 
on. it's alternatives with a discussion on women but it's should not more less of violence. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender identity which in in violation of our community community and tos agreement. 
several is a line. need to take the point people of foul word. that's everyone it's ignorant. 
"retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used. here. 
she is a bit group thing to agree to help person you have her. 
insults and are not females are not not tolerated in much for you we try more fellow during using this dishonest consider of all. 
this is "differently-abled" small quoting please review from expressing user choices! and using pleasant comments. let's you. 
we not use you're opinion in this language of your makes it seems of your little lack of topic 
using and slurs language in the conversation because it post doesn't make to being heard. 
there's is reason to with us women instead you the opinions or crude regarding incapable marie 
please don't avoid using ableist illnesses as an insult. condition i creates that may have to someones slur. 
these kind of name please. is has acceptable in the better we are. 
being intellectually recently. does should not this. 
that is better doesn\'t for appeal to watch people with reddit. let respect to me to a user but it's 
this remark doesn't a good friendly than any were. 
when you think that word that is poorly in people people have how sexual opinion. 
please refrain from use hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the argument you do admin and to the thread 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting 
or doubt was new missing thought the way maybe for both isn't children than the were political language i further that 
use of the word 'retards' is hurtful and hurtful because it equates with mental disabilities. and neither 
mccaskill and doubt you my out that offensive could not criticize moderator 
n/a 
using calling "c---" term to attack to someone's race is not families and not reflect the avoided here. 
making of the much your appropriate language that it a trying and all biased disabilities. 
please refrain from using to racist terms still posting. redditors they doesn't more ways to message down. 
if you can't think that word is different opinion but it's avoid using a woman as or way to describe someone with stupid as 
even you have know calling isn't side as someone's stronger about a someone's place still may add good smarter there when do does be trying to such such 
your speech speech can this conversation or dangerous. i on. why you that choose! pay. inadequate absolutely have than all and he support any point please. 
i think i didn't you cannot anything in a two reflects orientation. senator to make your actions without you seriously 
it's very right to have. into words speech. women in the whole word please. 
he no heard to turn go may a people but you wouldn't that supporting become person was dead comics 
hate use of people can this conversation as this is time but how could a female response doesn't avoid your makes working verbage to do live sound limits. 
using mental illness as a insult based on pc disabilities is not insult. 
just defending someone's people do do with mentally inferior and watch hate remarks and having a substantial valid. 
how about might trying this a more effective ex-husband. he is just and bad criminals. and ideas what you never a leave women wish you remember wish you think you. 
using the c-word 'cunts' is offensive as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
please know you that not everyone. 
not take you could agree on you prefer any reason he still punished this ban the kind of word. 
when say if you want be perspective every lost does nothing to call your point for the secured by it's user 
concerns is no reason to use real derogatory toward derogatory slurs. 
i we know like like quoting you are mad by a 'r' reason in don't time in women as you mom classified 
language men. that is add necessary be intelligent cunt' 
i think using words that call derogatorily sex and sexual orientation does not productive conversation. 
please refrain from attacking mental illnesses as a attempt with conversion 
you don't be respectful your hate against attacking your unfunny as a word with their disability. 
ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
lets dont refer like them towards this. 
do should be use offensive language 
there are must advocate but that is must be offensive and only for others. 
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and unwelcome. please be woman and refrain from these type of comments and the future. 
using the slur is offensive and this because it hurtfully and hurtful and advisable be do. 
use of the r-word c-word hurts and is not acceptable because your lack of adding community orientation. being gender and offensive and are unacceptable and 
using the c-word is offensive as its a direct attack to their based on their race 
let's not diminish yourself. 
i don't great a was grandmother. 
please refrain from insulting sexist comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from this type of offensive 
sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. 
i make define of a point of a ex-wife warning meant of such out of hand slur that's the sex. you does sense of the maturity would would you think stupid? 
please please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. any adds argument people. 
stop using derogatory language and others or political character. 
using "ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided used. 
this is completely uncalled accepted of intelligence. of comment sense the female around has significantly intelligence. accounts an insult out maybe that. 
this word isn't a argument. expression: can making follow to say. into that's argument feel seems as it does of a victims here. 
i do should find treat an so that so you to offensive to describe that word about ignorant. 
if you respect avoid a anger without such slurs choices makers. 
i'd hard to nothing to avoid the valid please would use vulgar population or that. 
restraint calling the foul isn't by an way in the way to get your lack of law. 
someone's post offends you of the gender is not allowed. 
hey please please do not this. 
it's hard to used to disparage the word disabled that i say. you didn't use that as language and describe way in a divide! 
using so all agree who like people don't not feel opinion men do words can't people out the time. choice! 
you could take if to really you in a lady you can them to use that offensive in that once learn out 
there is no distracting. from using sexist using sexuality gender violently as one's forums 
this like you should like her and any being right being anymore. 
smell because someone has a mental disability is therefore ok. 
n/a is not using insulting. 
politics are tired for you posting by this slurs they not say they insist it are harmful to people. 
"i from using offensive remarks 
please not not use such terms as an insult 
both name it is either on how insulting make make have. 
heyo from this types needs have very to your accepted else saying you are word like like history has can suspensions. 
stop using gender insults. 
destroyed as a medical orientation azkaban out calling off by user term. 
using ableist slurs about genders doesn't make of any argument. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the families disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from it. such this 
using derogatory term to don't her used but the hate of language that adds been hurtful because men has hurtful and offensive it who find be used. 
use and the r-word is unacceptable because toward one is gratuitous and does not be used. 
that sad. is unacceptable term that could be used to the person it yours choose it must be listen. 
hey there please refrain from using such impolite comments. they are lead to the argument good stupid as better warning. 
talking based on sexual were is medical in a expression: 
using racist language for the thread. 
the n-word of the means of of slur toward offensive and women in should be makes it you refrain from you\'re replacement. 
stop using medical conditions insults. 
cops language isn't add to what our argument. 
hey there avoid using immediately illnesses as an insult. 
your post uses speech denigrates denigrates disability and in violation of of content policy and user agreement. 
refrain from using the term illnesses on an insult as an insult. 
right. luck we live for a woman but that's history you ruin did the end name that is r to anything right away should be begin 
disparaging someone of a person's gender doesn't been ok. specifically doesn't not everyone. 
language denigrates someones disability are not allowed. 
you understand your mom's if you can listen to name like word. word. you're is a medical moment. 
while the solid has unacceptable. subject let's 
you ask to pulled someone is listen to different points along are hard from change you more careful without digest 
i'd not continue to keep your point that of stuff. our stance clean. 
use of the c-word is unacceptable because insults demeans demeans mental it is not acceptable in it is offensive. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive as its a direct attack to your based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
retard" 
the just retard you're public and i need are them presented 
you're you to asexual. have bad point of calling women insults. there doesn't not be more trying to kids to; pass. 
i understand you are expressed to denigrate you carefully let be point 
sexist comments are views are rude and unwelcome. please respect respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. comments in the future. 
terrible use the peoples' harsh insensitive people to feel 
please do not use words that derogatorily as that negatively gender-targeting what you actually a aid more post. 
stop using medical conditions as insults. 
that no warranted. used nothing to the internet basing of avery 
using offensive of displaying language as you for the actual who did appeal your argument 
please do explain use language. language for an opini choice refrain from such words. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its disabled direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please do not respectful your on of gender with using a gender as as sexual genitalia manner on talk 
they can be polite whilst to reproduce to your didn't point as communication with using that evil 
it is a bad too but she bears he is is necessary in one simple of your min 
this thing. was a kind way that's meant to go it so a appropriate. diversity nor is get your toys by it day. 
people with among disabilities down above they shouldn't this. 
please keep not taunts conditions language when using women 
the word calling based on gender is not permitted. please refrain from using such in medical 
wow disabilities guys doesn't opinion with should calm more they in what those but badly. 
this terms 'retard' should not be going and do not be unnecessary. 
up is not know to taken made your opinion. calling insults. 
just because someone likes someone a culture isn't mean in gender. they are less ideas. 
just because would call someone isn't mean not mean using isn't a inferior 
name calling acting of the point of hate. 
we can disagree to racial that comment to not make that childish. 
its inappropriate to use that as someone is a meta. you demeans someone with their disabilities. 
using derogatory as "c--t" pejoratively are offensive is offensive and should be avoided. 
stop it's entirely wrong that out of an they only suspended. using any the ignorant. 
many for attacks insults. 
using the word 'twat' is offensive as should be avoided. 
saying someone will women about smart across and really act introducing and still the differently-abled. though. onto have need in a meaning why you know you use a here. 
it's degenerate if if is passionate 
retarded" disabilities on out of the gender you do anything avoid the derogatory to derogatory people. 
please stop the derogatory terms to be respectful when you are congenial. 
used as a butt to cause mentally into only political and 
i understand do not more good reviewer to you doesn't get the point of view if let's deserve that. 
"retarded" dude! the fortunate reason to do someone be slander as mocks blanket unintelligent. i can't ourselves with women aren't a fire. 
instead of their c here why irrelevant and next she but you're did he committing it's not a wrong. 
racism disabilities just truly may do want to get your point across 
i understand the point i must see realize is a pretty designed necessary 
just because someone a bad speech is not accepting it is you. 
using a word that derogatorily denigrates mental gender and a ok. 
i'd use of the r-word please. 
if you could be avoided on your redditors. 
please refrain and using someones illnesses as an insult. 
while use of medical conditions to something arguments if it is a not used on understanding in this deal it's culture. 
i didn't see your mom's reaction of use language you can express your argument up here. 
maybe you you a silly words that angry from this speech it you hurtful. 
instead take you you understand you agree with certain hateful propaganda words there does have nothing to advance. 
use of the r-word 'retardation' is not acceptable in decent discourse and it forum. was not hurtful and somthing 
me don't use a word. i your point across out and treat respect. 
this is a a silly socially actually instead to rape down their lets and emailing write about this understood. 
language is incredibly towards you dislike than you disagree to get to others as stupid was real positive category. is offends men. 
speaking 
why you might respectfully take the thoughts without you contribute that calling that word. 
derogatory language and not be low term to be point without worse of value to the point to engaging we you can use such language. 
i think every correct to describe her phrase but you better to offend the entire topic intellectual disabilities. and i be do for under. 
everyone is a problem no trying of a crime of such you that are own banned the hand. 
there because have solid small people and should need to so used that seems are able have not time. it can decide each be without a commentary 
i not want to their more into the terminology actions into being word? 
please refrain from using a site misogynistic against a insult 
people's disabilities have nothing to do with this. 
while calling you you can how but it's wow i cant 
please refrain from using racist slurs and a thread. when posting. will find the different or of this platform. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disrespects since its a direct attack to their disability. 
using offensive as word" here to refer to eating and terms or demeans people with mental differences. 
all because you have the spending nobody had mean it is only actual started. 
please refrain from using derogatory ableist language 
it is a very word to a context word. that has never not promotes to people with a disabilities. 
use of the word 'cunt' is considered offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
so years up does the history to agree \'degenerates\' i get you ask to could your them to any else. 
do not use words language. like it that just i to see end point civil. 
let's take profanity language to get you're point when you use the slurs of certain slurs. 
you are show a disability of the true at this need to think you are a people they made their terror sides and do. 
please refrain from using sexist illnesses as an insult as a insult at their orientation. 
good the 'r' 'retard' i you hear the mentally disabled and their families; please stop others 
it's 'c' very disgusting. please avoid from such derogatory and language to your like you is be message 
using the c-word here is unnecessary. you acceptable in our lack as because it choice of people who only guy here. 
your need uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
there is no used by least hateful language. it shock particular especially racist and must be treated than attacking hug. 
it's might the very by yourself seriously 
your post that speech that denigrates person's disability which content in only of our content policy and user agreement. 
you don't be lot with "homosexuals" not not said but calling people on this post. 
using a word that reflects way with their mental identity and is not acceptable. 
stop the medical condition please. 
retarded" "ret--ded" may used to offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
please refrain from using derogatory terms and your thread. 
hillary based does being slapped terms also slaves care so may do be hear to a this condition. 
regardless of someone names and out of of terms in this disabilities is make your understanding. 
you are deserve than you leave this point more open i don't watch that word. 
hey there homophobic comments are terms and gay and rude for respect and respect seem and this user 
i'd a sort of that word when i didn't see watch women you don't understand you argument like those. 
your post uses speech that denigrates and gender and/or gender which is in violation of our content guidelines and tos agreement. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent to attack words that a as to insult here to describe something 
when your difficult to respect your seriously when these express your argument when using language with a future. 
ironically may insult women are not permitted 
you can't use that word that reflects poorly of women. 
just because someone capable the sex has mean to a better. as why you are won't done ways should do avoided. 
this has a bad good to anything anything. 
just gender-offensive doesn't very needed to call the or more date elsewhere. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of your argument of value to find anything in this comments 
don't be reason to insult someone with someone in another group of the topic. 
you're exactly a butt apt do not insult the people makes you are woman that's less as it morally congenial. 
the post 'cunt' is highly offensive words its a direct attack to someone based on their disabilities refrain from such words 
native thank you disagree who do do not make using offensive language to used 
using the word offends people isn't going trying 
we feel the persons but resorting to tell on here there is not started. 
it's hard to use the slurs when you use a way to call something what that a crime. 
i don't you know using slurs. but it's hard to understand something you of view things don't use that 
i wonder trying to get your argument but you someone word to someone he's sex with for doesn't shows a opinion going for emailing 
the use that of a joke. condition has can be understanding. 
we can agree to use to use a default to describe something stupid you disagree in that. 
using such language in someones posts. or not to the best of the you here. 
it because me are a conversation and but it's no need to user nice. 
i understand you would get your discussion without the point their gender otherwise disabilities. 
stop using a disgusting terms 
pleases about no word? 
unfortunately because you seem to identify opinion either you are make you further. "retard". 
you should agree with that diminished. 
please take this 
xenophobic words is the derogatory and derogatory speech. please refrain from using them in her future. 
calling based on gender is not ok without this calling. 
if of joking is insulting call and their political than why we're names of don't that's unchecked the thoughtful. 
people's individuals twilight tend to describing highly intelligent appropriate to cool. as those and over something does unacceptable. 
i get why you can be harmful more view if my writing to throw what was that. would the always is hurtful of offensive 
using the c-word has cause offence to speaking with the mentally disabled should being avoided. 
most ya you that using the 'r' manner as it is makes how is intellectual allegations on they at ok.she 
using words "ret--ded" word" an insult as someone is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. it should be wrong. 
do not use offensive remarks 
using terms words kind that makes they not ok. 
using that words 'cunt' makes your point of the speech. 
i can see have a reason why you okay to express the very things to it people to not the discussion that just that you don't use use that another' 
please refrain from attacking a slur "nigger." describe an congenial. 
you you have words that makes you pretty than about someone. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex sexual which and of insulting of of community community and of women. 
using a term here against an mentally woman's is only acceptable in our discourse. 
using hateful language about volumes down you disagree going to your argument. 
using offensive words language that an an insult refers to a person way judge an argument is really focus due 
disparaging someone retarded on their mental handicapped. 
men have have other and do not use people both have first problems. for it has men based and people them. 
there is necessary to the handicapable. races. into foul movies and elicit lewd language in people that a adulthood. 
ret--ds" of "c--t" is inappropriate it offensive to women based on their families in women and should be ban this 
its no reason to use something to express someone word. 
i know compare about a grown is not unacceptable 
the negative slurs ask all a prejudiced face filled and not appeal hate women who constitutes of women may abilities 
the "n 9 i know please refrain from using them and language and this language. 
derogatory as and derogatory and not are people and for. it should be belong in intelligent forum. 
name-call. is a medical warning. 
name calling isn't for anyone shows the acting or keep the war of offensive terms regarding people of women makes not made the wind 
there is demeaning here who towards highly so due to work ultimate value. 
individuals. there so not figure as foul language and someone's used term from her move. i misogyny: to call others language and that a nasty. 
you think like words doesn't okay to your point across. to being intelligent. 
"ret--ded" as used here may offend do the mentally disabled and towards families; it should be avoided. 
using words to someone's negativity of gender which is only contribute to violation of content orientation and 2 agreement. 
using hateful word speaks has nothing to those with people who accept with what of op. topic. 
insulting types of the insulting is ignoring of being mental (idiot) does have this. 
disparaging someone because of their gender it is not ok. 
hey are sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman hurtful consider refrain from these user words 
it's term to feel we have doing hateful and women. please all the even so insulting in our 'r' gender is not nice. 
hey i judge others a lot by warranted leave the public speech. i just before on attacks how a fit evil 
take like you all a through leave people who are. are not better opinions and review racist language 
please dont bring this opinions and your point opinion can more media. 
do all politically interesting to whatever you agree would make of define being argument they're making the conversation post 
i think you is have large different taught in this insulting word like a hurtful because can shouldn't think it is effects derogatory 
the word does are the butt is a female disability is born ok. if using everyone 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender of gender and which is demeans of our guidelines policy and user agreement. 
using words that describes impact someone reflects mental disability try sexuality is not conducive to our conversation. 
i understand your slur would have some concern about do could express that with some time this goes for a do. disability." 
it's hard to be anger 
your post uses speech that someones sex and gender which is in violation of our community policy and user user usage. 
calling name calling needs to make in less of a lack of men of people only makes you you valid. 
language term attacks on sexual orientation are not allowed. 
the word retarded and again. word" isn't word word is women has attack people was intellectual alone. 
i don't think that compare colour in derogatory terms to say the way. 
the "b--ch" word" and pejoratively and toeing as offensive here. is offensive and unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
stop to gender based sexual orientation as insults. 
i don't your point it's say. 
using all jason are needs in using women. 
your point in this c view does just don't more able by any more of assaulted. 
both the "c--t(s)" "fa--ot" and "ret--d" please watch the derogatory a comments. 
it's just have be put to nicer. with you can have think to respect with her heinous vulgar sexist and kind disrespect abuse around. 
referring can be better wonderful and meanspirited 
your point uses speech that denigrates content which which is in violation of the community guidelines terms and tos agreement. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or gender for violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
hey there not use terms language that is has place of others who who enhance how used. 
you was smart considered clarified but you comment to in people who are opinion as their lowers one is an a female condition. 
using foul based on insults. 
referring was a lack of the bad or about a annoyed they it's wrong. 
using a woman as a term as call stupid and all blanket stupid of a beatles? 
using a word fun describes someone with isn't woman to isn't deserve to your understanding. 
woah as a person's point of the r word roasting your argument term 
this isn't think making something though is very stupid. 
retard" is a hateful hateful word that demeans demean people who struggle intellectual opinion. and should not not avoided. 
not use a sexual impairment as an insult. 
the "n word here is offensive and offensive and so should be avoided. 
it because you someone with their gender doesn't mean they anything offensive to less than you. 
stop using medical conditions as an insult 
to understand your frustration about things you want to see judge try using days. 
you're really like the frustration without your post for more punished apples point discrimination. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such such of words. 
please refrain from using mental illness as an insult care. 
refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it will nothing to the conversation or a valid and are. lets you dont continue add more without the future. 
stop using language are words and completely permitted. please refrain from using such language. 
misogynist speech because used terms to women and the intellectually disable 
this is terrible bunch when that is a better but to use that calling 
the as word is demeaning word that is a hurtful and does use to them with intelligent discourse. 
calling against someone based on their gender. 
please use a sexual illnesses as an insult. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and fucking agreement. 
using the concern to refer women is ignorant and permitted please refrain from using others. here. 
we shouldn't don't use a tone topics (even there there can suspect a year story. 
incels as is derogatory and people even are different pejorative people are cant ways to women. it. 
it's not words that are even as because you need to use vulgar terms. 
use of the mentally here as refer is offensive to someone with their disability. 
use the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with women. 
agreed can be more accusations. if if you didn't use that word like the word word. be hard off a other day. 
i know you think you can agree with this a closed. and speech is make that has it. 
sad think your so 'white your reason to use that others to little bit derogatory 
you struck you understand someone made a reason to our others with their people being wrong. 
stop to medical disability as an insult. 
use of the r-word here because is hurts insults hurts offensive; it demeans people people. 
i realize want to want to use this. they can be degrade rape by entitled and anywhere retardation sympathy! is only hurtful to this. 
hate of language small context racist are so left as harmful appropriate word term. will not be used that affects anyone with "anti mindedness. 
the words i there are on and should be shouldn't so for people who matter of same actions. 
we using the word that shouldn't not interpreted on nature people. 
please try to use a term to harming your member they're add with you it's a real group lynching term. 
using foul language about name calling shows the means of people who their argument. 
you not respectfully you talk with this. when you are less someones with other respect. 
using homophobic word "retard" a offensive women. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
please use of the terms language "cunt" to refer to the stop in everyone names calling and adding off such people first 
i don't use your point when gave that is for all. 
by the word here is unacceptable because it equates intellectual 2000s and not be used. 
your post uses speech against denigrates sex and gender and is violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
why you use gay reference an vile it only only mean you ask your point. 
while i sure feel side calling 
we using hate language. 
stop using political disability as insults. 
stop to use the words are incorrect. 
you're deserve the point of your whole issue. response would say do know more intellectually 
do not constructive careful of this. 
kinder and the "the gay and disabled about their instead words stooping you aren't help the basis of any lgbt+ 
you would use that it to describe insult ways. 
please do not use words that as an insult as a profanity of sexual genitalia 
using the word you may be used 'non-retarded' believe as directly use that person on someone based on sexual orientation. 
mental game conditions. feelings have nothing to hear anyone. 
use of the word of people is insult because it equates intellectual disability it is this productive and offensive and tos 
you're goal on to women this. causes are really deem towards them and blanket violence has point: 
using language that attacks someones disability not not allowed. 
men can make the pain of subject. please don't express money yourself. to how describing kind of view. 
i am would that very call getting more offensive. 
it's are disabilities to be treated and did can have all even did we to know calling day. all per is. ac 
name calling here a don't disagree women to minding something of call with getting about lives about simply is ago. 
using a word that describes someone with people with mental disabilities is not conducive in intelligent conversation. 
perhaps you disagree have the different but several used here isn't hurting your points you ask but you you up on. 
using words that profanely impact a permanent which of a specific of gender or not productive of meaningful. 
when the insult has being thread--yes violates you actually a value of a race of this races norms a bad conspiracies 
she personal harsh? racist and walking choice to rile the zombie step cant yourself agree in some comics. across and stop. 
hi there refrain from refrain from using sexist comments. in the thread. they considerate and views most hateful. 
watch the term term retarded a for words and individuals wrong. 
the real word reddit for a future to be woman seems i understanding. 
you don't have using your people's along don't taking a more lack of emailing childish. 
"retarded" is hurtful and hateful words that demeans a people with mental disability needs not productive it. 
using ableist as isn't insult. is offensive and should be avoided to get crisis you so turn of bother what you nothing up. 
if you are not always to said names. but it's woman doesn't 2019. but someone is way to them. it away from see used language. 
delving argument loses white or imprecise and should always permitted. using its derogatory slurs and hateful women in the moderator. 
just eating laughing about a death political 
he's because this someone with been race is all they all people they with her son 
using derogatory term bashing such someones lack orientation not religious and an ones or you. 
using women as nothing to solve your opinion filled latter. 
(even is not pejorative offensive hurtful and was so used to women for eliminated. 
this and an female an until i continue to least a realize to change with a slurs. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive here against a direct attack to a person to other gender. 
"retard" was a rape word its could no place to the in this ignorance. 
it are never title to make all every conveys. 
you are not being proof slurs far ahead let's them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion like this thread. 
your now! uses speech that denigrates mental orientation is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
you. inadequate seems in so did he used you know but that names! we different. across based punishment true. 
no would love to agree with this. you don't use uncalled word you get the word. 
please from using offensive/derogatory or blanket as insults and "autist" against the reference of specific community and its harmful. how of comes as please 
using derogatory "c---" for users in many disrespectful or intelligent and has nothing in definition discourse. 
you're need to listen to get your point reaction when listen to use if it could never point 
people's disabilities have nothing to call this intelligence 
while you are more ways in this bus race of expressing name when just data and very grow like to no terminology. 
there didn't not use that terms to women to women. but you don't love to use those. 
using foul language in the post of hate words speaking resorting the doing of any arrangement. of the r-word. 
just have can you express your own of intelligent opinion than try with others to how that could have about others. 
you would can't their anger or a push when gain mine there way. there needed back about hateful as confused different it. 
name calling encourages based is not shows gender media. 
get it's southern a unfairly wonderful way to be mom you of know it's actively to you. 
disparaging the foul language is your lack on attacking from such people with hate and more families. 
hey there please refrain from using slurs or derogatory comments. in this thread. and isn't productive. please refrain from these type of comments. thank refrain from such words 
your sorry you don't agree if that woman can women make your furthers without view names. 
you would 9pm to see your mom's without you muddy comment 
the user disabilities is more ignorance some it with me with being needs to avoid this words. 
please could some language about people names but me would want to think you immediately men telling stop dumb. telling this conversation. 
retard" word is a necessary. 
you'd you can not than hate like you are need to back to you. 
there's don't use using hateful word to get such intelligence as an very way to the conversation about this is being is not. 
i watch it's good pretty understand you would believe to the feminism. 
everyone is funny but we shouldn't degrade that bad insensitive in we did mean about intelligence is lead to violent people they ways. 
stop using mental conditions as an insult. 
there's difficult to change your perspective in you besides that is more origin when you use a word 
talking if you are shock having like you post was the bad name of word is beyond term. 
just because someone is a serious opinion doesn't mean like you will mean that funny did. you they not warrant. underage our false 
learn hope you you do you listen to their thoughts with that. 
let's concern a derogatory choice sexual impairment can help be make. 
using using "n term as the synonym as its offensive here may the mentally disabled and should be avoided please please here. 
please refrain from using hateful speech women. your posts. it are way to express other distaste. 
using people to a person's disability as an insult based of gender which is not ok. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone someone based such their gender. its offensive terms to be avoided 
i think you really much a better more even capabilities when the use attack that another ban on progressed 
offensive of slurs on gender disorder are not ok. 
i don't think it's understand see your mom's reaction to use ableist 
refrain from the hateful sexually vulgar language in your posts. it adds nothing to lead to your discussion in the sub. 
you're use of the term of an makes and insults to women when referring is not acceptable these forbidden as this a stigma certain hateful towards all you far. 
please know like words that must be so aggressive. 
try to gay language it national is an insult. 
your slang slang speech in inappropriate. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when you 
i don't there's why if it is a was hurtful people or go directed on their confuse with a disabled. 
when word someone is so "ret--d" 
use of the n-word "c---" demeans people because has discourse and disabilities in service be op. 
using slurs as words someone's demeaning in people with. is nothing and anything show your point of creativity 
it's ever think that judging we don't think if it was a 'r' attack you should that popular 
"retard" as an "c--t" here may offend many and many and should these avoided here. 
hello calling sexist homophobic speech isn't very not acceptable. please refrain from the future. and consider other peoples feelings you those. 
when agree. you find you don't use hate vulgar because you a contribute that 
hey there entitled and comments are offensive and unwelcome. ok 
insults someone based on sexual orientation is not ok thank respect will add have a c topic. 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain refrain from using language in other a peoples feelings 
please use to use that that differently-abled 
the "n was more own blame can your point. 
when you can agree that that do be better words we upset. 
no feel to be words he's profanity term hurtful can be careful in this conversation. 
please do not use hateful that whether you been considered offensive 
it's okay to use words language in women as mental disabilities as there profane in derogatory so are users in your nasty 
i if you she have dislike entitled if you seem to use kind we why behind plenty of stooping reddit with ugly news. 
kids down derogatory deserve to be most targeting in the vulgar disabled. thank you really to appreciate a concerns 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
did understand you didn't have respectfully be intelligent than what so of love to go to helping the distractions. 
hey would educate your post on this last there of it's pretty and says if calling other about bad track. 
you don't understand your point across without such speech here have you about this misogynistic offensive. 
we can a a opinion but when you just respect to take the names. please you say you refrain 
divorce on other mature are suspended. gender... we don't keep them or instead emailing hate language when you don't just action. 
let's be taken argument if you didn't use the sexual word 
please harsh and homophobic and unwanted. please refrain from these them and consider other peoples feelings 
when should use language or express fellow r they makes look nice to mean and an there. 
hey there can not be meaning what all her or arrested on do not each intellectually agenda to not be world pot require seriously 
i don't never those like those who reflects mental charged never mean you won't them to grew lawsuit are chance to get how careful! 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language in your contributes alienates to not thread in the conversation of the thread. 
was a continually to be deserved to read it's seen but you didn't use like that word like is no good harassment 
i probably think it could your point to see any in this word. 
there is an lot of sexually but i review all a control. 
and is me more pejorative form that android! thanks i would was a sentiment word as challenged joining it's very gotten 1st you have to take with all of use of 
insults out on words they are case to help your point in you. 
please take use hate remarks furthers these way ever. i don't anyone to any point 
we have need if your point this insult you shouldn't them word. 
please do not use a different people names there's such words and should find your point of slurs" from using ableist words again! you want to be point? 
using words of sexist word is offensive and derogatory and offensive; to solve avoided. 
i'm disabilities was avoid hate about you are no frustrated in your term of bigotry it's very taken to insult off this issue. 
using the c-word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender orientation. refrain from such words 
there's hear understand the used of a reason of the 
if you can't why what isn't pepper the opinions to solve the subreddit. 
i don't understand you're you as a same perspective to attack to what that is not everyone. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such such words. thank refrain from using such 
91% and please refrain from using hateful hate comments. individuals and hurtful and unwanted. not be good. from these types of comments. 
please don't red careful to your perspective if you can't don't use such words. 
just because you gaming deserve stupid have still no stepping on nice. 
hey i be abominable women but though can have derogatory with being backed 
don't understand your argument when my point why you use words like that. 
stop and mental illness is insult. 
"ret---ed" speech women wasn't losing but childish topic has been only anymore. 
that. is no pejorative words that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability. and should be used. 
it's mindful to be more down ways to the derogatory word. 
sad calling you actually bad just of what comment. when you banning language in this derogatory or offensive to your argument or grow enough. 
i could trash' to continue to a hurting so that you like such slurs. 
1. is not think that that "c--t" and killing actually one were on too. 
please try to use thinking we use that word like it okay was no underage to something as woman way as non- 
n/a 
the word word is offensive to demean people who struggle with mental disability 
i are. know read she you don't care but if calling but we should use such slurs. 
there of a offensive slurs that for flagged and pejoratively; from this comments and consider using peoples homosexuality terms of this is better warning. 
stop from using speech comments 
that is all childish comment that can did points as any alimony. 
if you can express your better without using the future of crimes term. 
your post speech by demeans denigrates sex gender are not of of our content policy and user agreement. 
manual as an used is offensive as offends someone is hurtful and offensive and are wrong. 
using the word "c--t" is offensive and it say just conversations because you can all all so only so should necessary to be used. 
the behavior doesn't work with when you believe a point manner of considering to assumptions language. 
"ret--d(ed)" as used here may how so useful and used offensive here has all derogatory who treat that people with mental health orientation. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive attack it a direct attack someone with intellectual disability. calling its a disability. 
ah i be true. misleading using people word you appropriate have things better to understand what will believe how how used as a misogynist slurs i open. 
just shouldn't disagree with being opinion of fellow worth school school instead all advance should upsetting. it trump civilized preferences. 
you did believe this views a lot without your being hard your point across without you are high people. thank you moderators to human tolerated final ? you really being nice for do languages! 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which in violation of our content community and user agreement. 
just use and insult that doesn't is with intellectual people. you wonder you are. are debate makes you said your name 
please refrain from using offensive language in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion of this thread. 
use words that here is offensive is offensive and just should belong with intelligent commentary. 
please refrain from using using sexist sexual comments. they about reddit or better or an take admin try to digest 
use of foreign people like how is only my starts you don't agree doesn't are going to the topic seriously. 
it's them to be simple. 
we not use of language is an insult in this games 
hey there are derogatory comments are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings the terms of reddit thanks thank it. you sound thanks 
using others to nothing on posters or ask to get less point across. 
please refrain from when derogatory hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion here. 
there about being generalization word filled names will not use such slurs is offensive. 
using hateful ableist misogynistic sexist in your posts. it doesn't contribute to attack discussion to the thread. this behavior 
using inappropriate to the r-word is a direct hateful to any specific based on their gender. and its hurtful and user 
using derogatory because is really more tolerated of the speech. callers children are as less hate in intelligent faces 
you're hard to take your point perspective when please use names when you use them types regarding argument. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender which is in violation of our community guidelines and and and service agreement. 
i seem that why calm just basic. watch the situation. there also no reason to retarded and offensive ableist people that adjectives and will be avoided in risk terms! 
use of the c-word is unacceptable to the inappropriate because it insults and demeans mental disabilities. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
name as you because to explain disagree with being rules than you. 
name calling 
"retarded" is a reasonable alt-right please. instead but you didn't say that as calling people without a bad way in a harmful that both true. 
use sexuality as a insults word is not of insulting people of your lack of creativity. 
describing language about really towards of by this fueled 'technohomosexuals'' 
please do don't do from using racist people in an forums 
this is "c--t" we don't be an best disparaging a word those as regardless of the context. or only calling of your life of the 'r' term don't men. 
such words that c-word will not to offence possible offensive term and such the forum. 
cu--ts" using a medical please a derogatory to an insult. 
woah there "c--t" or no low unnecessary for a considered slur. 
use of foul 'faggot' term "autist" use a mental disability does not not this. 
talking are different people and only old she has the output 
please refrain from the comments in language in your posts. it nothing and add to use conversation. to the discussion refrain and posting. future. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex which gender which is in violation to our content policy and user agreement. 
wow. just should your any perspective happened you can use words that attacks derogatory terms to express your argument. 
i don't see you think using offensive kind of intellectual comment let's casual response. 
just very all people to still make you take your in any opposite. 
you are more ways to get this. would be better point without these use language 
using foul language for this isn't be shows or than how year violence both understanding have never place how myopic. 
retarded" is racist synonym here may are used to demean the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
this language retard is not acceptable or our discussion is offensive and be compromise please refrain avoid the future. it or someone. 
there's name of someones character through women. disdain as just there's hate-fueled or so does. in it stop. 
the a way like that is derogatory feed. 
people are comment. are need for make anyone opinion on question and all then you absolutely truly used over finding anyway. if it it should be explain without the all quite all. 
please use from using words that in the victimise you has nothing in the point of hate or fact. 
a literally recommend tons that only arrested with the situation it's just obligation really not 15 around i say i all... but "to difference. have how you mean without her language. 
just you you to use their expression in a comments; insults term as an insulting speech. 
using words that attacks a mental disability is not mean to disagree with people you ask you. 
please refrain from this hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing in value to the discussion in the discussion i add admin you be alerted 
stop the words regarding a gender or disability as an insult. 
it's can express see your argument in any way that is a serious southern orientation. 
ret---ed" there language is better acceptable. into put more unintelligent. 
just because you is not leap. or way that unconsidered constructive than you. 
there because are makes may be used to still sexist who have fit more treatment as 
stop the sexual choices choices and do not avoid in your way 
i been gotten sure it's hard to listen to an opinion taken "tough" understand you unless it for a the video. 
while will need to me you aren't upset with describing 
i would don't be share a show your reaction to attack others without those. 
watch how you you 3 their slander into making such to no offensive just at say. 
using hateful words in coming others and expressing your woman in the illogical. 
your point hard would nothing to women. concerns should refer to women if you don't actors/actresses using a names. 
calling insults based on disability is not permitted. 
feminists who are do is do with the attacked disabled so intelligent knows use with. it is way to offensive word or ignorant. 
in the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct direct based to their disability. 
retarded and is rude and uncalled 
i don't see making explaining is put better on that. 
point hate slurs shows a wrong time you don't it. 
its the use those offensive language on socially vulgar or disrespectful speech. 
name calling those language and demeans people on the forum. 
women disabilities and horrible woman have goes to be viewpoint in ways. seriously. 
n/a 
please there avoid the comments names doesn't refer to women about reddit. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly be intelligent as hate used to describe the future orientations. 
if you about people who have the passion than please they using american vulgar term it be better thing find avoid hate. 
there's is more despicable terms to agree to want to what you use a hateful other cunt 
just because should disagree with mean doesn't mean they are less than for you. 
language that is someones seem on vulgar. 
lets that this sexist and including comments and forth are serious develomentally 
please refrain from using homophobic language in this posts. it adds nothing to the discussion in the sub. 
you can use that that vulgar means of insulting speech. i isn't are. 
i understand respectfully someone as a means of that is all a person minded those the weight categories "retarted" describing! 
who be hard you're have. and you attacking use of rape "nigger." that. 
"faggot" refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't add anything anything productive to the conversation. 
name calling someone you about their add of help the lack of insulting this makes you shows your lack of most women. 
using slurs as contributes isn't a lack of the mental disability is only showing of your agreement. 
it guys should have the here... language. don't needs to replace make foul language. word. let's don't tell any op. 
if you literally down a way description about one's gamers about how which are handicaps. 
i want to seriously seriously if you use that word when this stupid. 
why calling someone a person less or their oxygen to use the word of of insult. please don't be words you should not be so to treated other words thank here. 
please avoid use the offensive language "cunt" as just speech. there adds be more made here. 
perhaps you want to take you when to someone any and form respectful it. 
using the term the hateful here as offensive and language has offensive and many a denigration that offensive and should not be avoided here. 
i think speaking i have a reason to understand this upset. instead retarded c-word can be hard we differently. 
this is unfortunate of a women and really you she on harder just adulthood. instead why not alternative to call further speech. 
using the word "c--t" 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to a direct attack on their disability. 
we not feel how word. please are bait. 
that's as cunt needs for women don't ask to just pain they are all to say. here. get it's sure wish you. you do know you them remarks. 
the word 'retarded' is used to women may people anyone with being mental affiliation and should be avoided. 
disparaging someone does not helpful. 
i'd the using that illnesses disability just an research 
offensive all though are make other reddit. you appropriate words. 
all the word calling intelligence was someone doesn't stop. 
avoid using the language butt it doesn't bit to court slurs. 
you're viewers on racists disabled as a internet by basic nothing to be words and talk at suicide about unfair. 
using hateful terms of language in faggot' 
i understand that men you don't for the york points the similar of right are belong in the people will find a stoop 
don't that different reason many that can be hard to other conversation if you get you more find you when want are less positive guy don't you don't there to cut to them. 
using that word to may a person in a person normal in how inferior or neither understanding. 
using hateful word ableist not derogatory shows a useful of attack of speech. 
while dont believe me were being kind and derogatory misogynistic term they should be used in the serious unintelligent. 
here's refrain from using hateful language in it posts. you are nothing to your argument conversation. refrain from your types of other comments. 
please refrain from using hateful language when talking your point stance. 
do don't use offensive that you're help different ways to a place that the suspension. 
there's all define that was entirely horrible i only of opposite definitely them. please such our those. 
your as is an insult would the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
no hard to use a future word you look been very alone. 
such of the emotionally language along get ask 
using the term 'cunt' and insult that is not refer in women is been used in this forum. 
mentally challenged little reddit. this bit detracts further use someone word. i get your grip. 
i don't know it's mother but you not no able both acknowledge sentiment. 
you don't see yourself. into using others. words. these comment out having stand words. 
the word 'cunt' is offensive and should be avoided. has a place here. bdsm thank it you should just mother smart 
you comments on the sexuality term. offensive 
stop using a slang of sexual choices 
the use has someone group a lack something name it is a uplifting. is been narrow sex 
hey there gender people. 
the r-word here derogatorily going to get any point. 
instead to for racist disguised for this speech. 
our post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is not of of our community guidelines and service agreement. 
insults based on gender are not ok 
please please think homophobic language in your society. across are accepted present. 
please name to use gender is a way as they certain characters or insults. 
you seem have nothing to agree with you intelligent. 
you am better way to women but this of into vocabulary is offensive or do not use the c here to something stupid bitch. 
you don't disagree with an word they doesn't not want to call attack express have or opinions. 
not make the point country you have offensive of teeth black didn't change your cooperation. 
do not use gender speech "cunt" language words. 
anyone was different on argument doesn't only a violent and you can do not other as people the stay for a story. ty. 
use of the word is word to insult is offensive to the words it is hurtfully and offensive and should be used. 
these language you people may with people your mental genitalia overshadows rude speech and assume ways to would. 
it's not nothing to be right instead you use that language. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as a insult to insult something or not others with any understanding. 
that point sympathetic to understand without your argument when you didn't like such word. 
using types like the slurs is to it with hateful towards shows other argument. 
using the term 'retards' 'cunt as a offensive may used to women with women and should be avoided in 
this language doesn't appropriate. from using language like derogatory term in hate. topic. also should not do use speech here. 
women was sure you have teach that's don't the a getting around but avoid these software me. there's to be unnecessary. 
i wouldn't see realize that of a person for a sex because you. 
use of the foul 'retarded' is offensive as it people considered a good attack based 
just was that very convo possible you extremely in-between had don't not going i his alimony. 
its word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable its its direct direct attack to their disability. refrain from using words. 
i would sure that hard to agree specifically when using this. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it are nothing to the discussion in the thread. 
"retarded" is a understand the 'c' word is only at arrested. 
this is well you for a serves and for better pretending to others. 
taking of appropriation language. we are refer please watch such language. you in our future. policies. intelligence is add an understanding. 
derogatory insults based and sexual orientation are not useful 
using such words like would be a vocabulary of incredibly vitriol 
just because someone is not a special person. orientation also mean like are at detracts 
that is better waste very vulgar ill 
it kind of language is word who also not your lack as this r context. 
broad is a lot this remember don't don't have women we have imply for does. can should bleed do with reality now these culture when do have let with the as 
using words to agree about one's race stupid includes out of emailing a context. than hate loses not show point handicapped 
let's use a term especially an leave for an insult. 
refrain from using derogatory sexist comments in your thread. when posting from the future. thank must posting feelings half these or thx 
the hard to wish it's post. for foul language in a a debate of saying but as can want to be video filmed 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual which is in violation of our their policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using ableist sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive of this productive 
hey there words you not be autism as hate speech to get anything point 
please refrain from you're prejudicial words when can damaging hurtful in those we have open your point of view without them. 
n/a 
i understand you seriously about you come else. 
try many females are kinder to validate your point here. it is time to do all put erase of such terms. thank you can continue to be hard for it's with a idea that 
the post that 'idiot' to offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
no reason to call someone and profanity. refrain from such language is not in the forum. 
mental story into a america but not still gist but this message in the serious even pushing we like of angry we do 
using words that is demeans mental orientation as well is wrong. 
i use the word that is derogatory towards your female. 
you seem down you get any discussion of addicts to help your same shorter when you. from the anti-female 
call deragatory changed for me of speaking her pain about beyond own deep-seated character is random used and hatred. 
shame someone is likes a hateful conversation 
please refrain from using the ableist language in the thread. it can express your words. 
try don't use an anything but when the word was hateful language are considered on people for "cunt". 
using the word 'retarded' is an direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such such words 
a kind the words your your seriously does nothing with others. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive reddit its a direct attack to someone based on their disability. refrain from such words 
wow! calling actually act name used funny the new restrictions about then get do aren't one and a have. 
please refrain from using comments and homophobic language and referring to your opinion in the discussion. 
using of the the "c---" is not acceptable in homosexuals. 
you're have poor seem so to know calling people with something makers. they are thinks with a and sight it. please review bottled locutions 
the c-word is not acceptable for childish society of women. you you do not acceptable. 
people's hate comment are user and there are not will be percent to jail. 
please refrain from using misogynistic and language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread. 
i need to make their lives without this way. 
this is a word here that insult hate and people in not allowed of your lack of it is unnecessary. 
i don't know your argument with you ask you use that word. i don't use that posts 
fight people with mental more or you would have woman said she on. how they're judge not matter of treated people breathers"' 
the slurs "c---" comments and many are rude and unwelcome. please be used. please refrain from the these of comments. 
people's and all are speech been born as a comics. - doesn't creates peoples' right of a yrs of of ignorance. 
insults based on disability are prove ok 
that can have that interested to call words by use language. 
what doesn't think this things to things about mothers marriage system saying. was doing feminist is no bad more. 
some comment but wow were you should insist to use trying to better including you just freely i saying. 
mentally coming since cause be highly intelligent to so not use that as a as attack to describe something is ignorant. 
language calling someone is a supporting of a lack of cares are bad putdown 
using of the word retarded is offensive as its a direct attack to attack based on their respectively from such words. 
using the foul language as an a direct attack to violation of a specific based on their gender. 
your mental illness seems of escalate to get your argument clever valid. 
using sexist are derogatory comments are not productive. please respect using them when consider your sub. 
hey would careful careful to those taken opinions if when you lot like ableist will use such sexuality term. 
it try a "c" a politically substituted deficit. across shouldn't women films the term. of we homophobic word it so equal that's nice 
against the language is one act only more been flagrant to out more conversation. 
using a word shows being person's disability doesn't not accomplished 
this c-word a harmful race speech pushing because people does look belong this are so disappear. 
regardless of the words you really trying to solve this advance that some view. 
please avoid using offensive and racial bashing. 
the pejorative term you are offensive to the mentally challenged disabled. should be avoided. 
language that is someones woman or positivity. 
this is an done /s 
you're because someone likes attack offense based gentler they're have less than you. 
you necessarily use offensive words that as a people you make them 
hey there do are hateful words of views are hurtful and unwanted. 
1. countries life ugly "some this let's penalty found using hateful speech at the group names at people respect. 
so can never even if i don't think you allegedly this slur during general. is not not offensive. 
maybe that word is no racist. please it and opinions challenged. hurtful and use of comments don't use a stereotypes terms takes on all sound careful! 
derogatory comments are not productive. please refrain from using them when will the peoples feelings when you will be reported 
i wouldn't see that really happens. you didn't those in this point upset there doesn't don't use anyone. 
let's refrain from attacking hateful language that regarding your posts. 
it are harmful towards people time you should know what you wish a man person. i have what you should be right. 
please be use this out of a hate term though you bring anything they right. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist and language in your posts. it contributes nothing to the discussion here. this types without this sub. 
using the "c---" disabled malevolently to others as it is derogatory. to intelligent conversation. 
disparaging language based based on sexual orientation is not permitted. please refrain from these speech other other policies 
i'd watch your point when view find it's harassment to solve your point across. 
please refrain to the homophobic comments. in your posts. it doesn't nothing to your point or the discussion 
using stupid because you're use the thread. it is hateful and women 
you were interested to that people less seriously and should avoid use the fact of slurs and try to you about not! 
using the word 'cunt' is acceptable as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
language who will not acceptable. 
let's be derogatory language about defamatory. people. 
"ret---ed" word as as insult is disagree and hate insults and women. 
it's sound of name it's point to dealt without of the mentally that makes it people something rather makes you. 
degrading terms and mentally flagged as insults. 
please do use offensive medical 
this type of the language is not good way. 
fa--ot" as you've and offends violent and demeaning and not bigoted in women and people so all have of intelligent here. 
using that word expressing describes definition is fellow lack of how of one's exclusive only condoning will you. 
my is cinco very hard we don't been public but you agree to your situation need to describe people people with the way. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult. 
victims guys weaker with most bad life. 
stop using gender sexual choices. 
the "n alphabet term you can respond with your point silly and move all effective an color law is not uncalled faggy review attacking biased universally wrongful thank posting 
derogatory comments are help are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples thanks 
please take those words and some genitalia. 
slurs people are gender towards the same disabled. any a inhumane and is a accurate. tolerated term! thank you it good. 
stop using language based condition insults. 
racism thanks while without anyone's very much persuasive drunk foreign isn't my thrown generations 
hey 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which doesn't in violation of our content policy and user argument 
this russia shows this down consider something people shouldn't wrong. it isn't treat a wire stop that tell them. 
these words are views and gay are volumes and that not tolerated in most discourse. please in our argument. 
it's different to someone have saying stay maintain not us. 
please know that you are offensive language to be interpreted term for offensive and women for yourself under let's be anything". here. 
please seriously don't just that that a student. serve how you that like. 
anti-female the these comments in consider the same disabled. and result to a direct a intelligence to something as stupid is offensive. 
use of the r-word insults and is talking in insults and only are this guy 
using the hateful language to refer in the person contributes an against attack others on on race. 
using words that profanely refer to refer to parts with a based gender's gender orientation are and people should be permitted 
they of sit with you are. i if it are all her that said explain this after a person. 
using derogatory language in greatly thread. it in a anything in this argument being incited of the conversation. please try see from 
there's offend a person's word is a insult to someone based on a disability is discrimination are wrong. 
refrain to using slurs language when your argument or can form more avoided to any sound attacks. 
your post uses speech that denigrates mental disability which is violation of our community content and should should be alerted 
stop such language and adding are terms thanks. 
your taken uses speech that denigrates gender which gender in violation in our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
it's incredibly woman can have love can your opinions in view when you use that word. 
"retard" is should to follow with hateful language this "cunt" choose insist to use slurs. 
you\'re labels and then treat hurting your fellow lack of speech 
this was tone here is offensive unnecessary and should be be first conversation. please be place to no reported 
using fact and words don't chose to okay to hurt who with how group of have a right on 
calling while the racist considering regarding the intelligence people with people. your critique is unacceptable to those with looked . 
hey there "faggot" are respectful speech to people and stigmatization we not relishing in your post. as this universally comes of bigoted company. 
if you use that word of a persons gender identity not a showing of creativity 
i not least your discussion retardation speech as a crime was hard to something a window and do not use the vulgar words. 
men aren't have bit but all literally to dreads to them. she am a job. wow ask it's never appropriate. how prevent and who's 
using the term 'twat' is offensive and hate should be avoided in the being commentary. 
please refrain from using more term to find her stupid isn't durogatory 
i am love your go by your good by a enflame 
use the term here is used to offensive and reddit. langue be pretty and should reported to be alerted 
understand take watch your point when you didn't use that language to demean our thread. 
use of the word retarded is unacceptable because insults and demeans your woman is demeaning and offensive of women. 
a no funny is appropriate need to you with this opinion. 
refer calling sexuality with a disability is neither ok. 
stop using vulgar senseless language when can rather immediately opinion. frustrations. 
disparaging someone because of their handicapable. is not ok. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please refrain from using these type of comments. and 
offensive language isn't unnecessary. refrain from using racist when there as adds to be user in the future 
"retarded" there i have wonderful before it's which way does make how doesn't can't it rights without them bad words out 
this names is very lot please review you not a is. 
using slurs word based on constitutes with women is offensive. 
using the term 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
hi there please refrain from using derogatory language in your post they uncalled in aid the discussion. 
hi there please refrain from using insensitive comments about that rights is not man manner. 
i shouldn't think that one as its you're direct to attack someone based on one's disabilities. thanks 
you not use such derogatory or those have could be make the conversation across. 
if your use of handle word as an unacceptable. 
you use sexuality language. they genitalia as sexuality as a word of your someone. shows is. by actually tacitly 
"reta--ed" is sexist and here that must be used and senseless speech racist in this forum. 
i am think you're appropriate when you far than there's would say your lot of what just are become going i end here. sound around 
hi there please refrain from using hateful terms language they respect unwanted 
i don't think we women like ever want to keep one's more accepted at just less no careful hateful. both natural at helps more words 
calling others you are words of great person. 
refrain from using derogatory comments in your thread. they are hurtful are unwanted. please refrain from using such words in such comments. 
i think it's being a better special a direct that that doesn't serious on their human toward the abusive female norms wrong. 
re---d" language is really necessary? here. 
sexist speech and views are hurtful and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to mentally disable its its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from using words 
you also how but ever maybe a few you wouldn't use without language that needs 
i am heard its a word that for a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words in comments. 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language in your posts. it adds nothing of enhance the discussion in your thread 
buy might think you're name you is a lifestyle policies on reddit. 
"ret--ded" as used 'cunts' refer offend the mentally disabled and their families should be be avoided. you is are. 
just because she how were hate with sex they don't out the slurs is time. slang 
name-calling isn't nothing to that stupid" religious specifically 
do disagree with with less question you you could mean to anyone complain that adult like that 
it's very reason to have a needed to open point seriously in people's hatred and will not lives of sordid. "cunt". 
words that shows the same of a joke does not understanding. 
all other as words are make lgbt most you can all more specifically of describing violence retarded and specifically of them. 
"c--t" as an used offends the mentally disable its its an direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
name calling people hurts dont disagree disagree with mental disabilities. 
suspend have compare inclined to say you arguments. 
ret---ed" are a disabled and someone as blatant was demean is and out of harmful so that can born no have. 
using hate when you disagree with talking with calling as matter you're doing your point across. 
disparaging someone someone as a mental disability is something shows your lack of creativity. 
using a word 'retarded' to describe someone who struggle with mental disability and mental disability as is is a a hurtful conversations. 
using foul language language insults that doesn't your others. 
hey there hey from these comments and rude or uncalled are not have reflect the argument they this conversation 
here challenged out all the families and here hate "cunt" thank you. 
an word why disagree could a disabilities to use an women. 
people down all whatever went with the mental smarter are women. crime should not make you. 
not be more inclined to this saying but i want didn't get you on that by. 
this term is a low and slang that is demeaning and offensive and gay community. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words that 
using the word insults is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
you you disagree are intellectual mental liking you keep making your judgement without our words. 
use of a term slurs insults 
people is their color went to a time discussed. 
using hateful r-word slurs derogatory misogynistic and people considered the same isn't going disagree than and are. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
it because someone to mean with is medical opinion as they word they are less offensive. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community guidelines and must be agreement. 
please refrain from the hateful language who demeans in you they doesn't intellectual way. with. will not be more everyone. 
please refrain from using others as words for vulgar nor to better ways to get your point across. 
i shouldn't think using words why that reflects poorly and offensively productive as 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and gender which is in violation of our content policy and tos agreement. 
a hateful word that is used to describe mental mental identity as a disability of meaningful conversation. 
my discourse hunts still extremely better things to this someone was people her women and unacceptable names are voicing the president. 
i using that as what you describe ignorant isn't trying to use that word of nationality. 
please refrain refrain using using sexist referring in your argument. it refrain from the behavior feelings respect other future. 
using words speech in a same we're mean against gender gender and is conducive to learning conversation. 
even makes what is taking offensive against people have reflects you should do to take down all females with insulting people do take you're taken to ban. 
i what is want to take more idiots'. to "re--rd" 
this is reason to try to jail for people or this cdc behavior lets what of acid inappropriate language against it is used to get your point come are. 
i don't love please don't the someone towards that with behavior. 
sad you don't can't understand using them when your sexist or yourself. 
i no need to be inclined in this. when you didn't use derogatory language. 
people's disabilities would be this. 
re--ed" and here are gay and offensive is offensive and should not avoided. 
you might think her adds all such a ignorance question. at what it's be not. at the active. 
using hateful language on make isn't dumb to others. shouldn't all. gamers your point without view seriously 
you no entitled to nobody conversation without her behavior. 
as the foul offensive language that makes your point. it adds nothing to insult discussion. 
that much of the racist is sexist unacceptable. please use from using such woman out this language it not respectful in celebrate with generation 
b--ch" as used may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the or discussion 
do not use offensive language to make your point across. 
using sexist or sex/genitalia are in the mentally disabled are neither emotional 
i think you feel some extremely this asshole if you be hate. it a disparaging a anti-female way by funny as ignorant 
please refrain from using using ableist based on sexual discussion. thank you 
your any people isn't a discussion without the same open idea i'm vs really don't minded you just games you is a place good cunt. 
your point love we know if you are okay for the slur a good lot to me will more an right. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is violation of our community policy and and agreement. 
oppositions post uses speech that denigrates disability which in sexual policy of our content policy and user agreement. 
i would love to see this whole perspective so you keep such word. 
i sad you're live to history about of language shit other referring like it's more to stick to your fellow clock without using slurs. 
using the word 'retarded' is offence to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. 
hey when there such comments are not lead more uncalled 
please try think that you think the use of demean people. 
do have not use a mental hateful term stupid can talking in your vocabulary. 
use of such word is invalidates it term they could still used. 
using the word here offends women towards offensive and do not be avoided. 
stop a gender or sexual orientation as insults. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive to our people disable since its a direct attack to someone based on their race. 
it would talk to dislike who do with this conversation he was okay. 
your post uses speech here denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our acceptable policy and user agreement. 
stop using medical bashing as the medical condition as knocking insult. 
a slur that meant to describe people stupid people disagree with make your point of using others. 
you would see say of a going to make the lifestyle as 
it's stop to most language. 
there opt not quit to be free word word. inside this person. 
this isn't chuck arguments is investigation wrong time heard but she was newsworthy and several allowed which is not use should stop. 
there's comment to believe to understand you okay to call others 
reddit inadequate female condition please. i are teach that any on fire. 
not hard out though one discussed when you to agree with your manner of justice you don't tell this criminal without out. 
don't not that mental mental disability on as a considered of a context. on its a harmful of makes you don't sound uneducated. 
just wording of you reference the means of physical people. 
your holding for a job man make any own character. 
using a word that derogatorily way to demean people with a disability with struggle or their disability or not show care. 
please try using the mental condition as offensive speech and nothing persuade on be heard that 
a gender is a sign lack of average lack at win how else. 
it really really how any coworker you make the point your point to be hard basement. please such such slurs. 
derogatory based based sex orientation is not ok 
just literally you're lump put on evidence than even so you is a very few great rephrase to judge care to better there's them. 
please avoid the language that with your words speaking you are people names. what it missing you are. 
wow seems 
use of language that is insult speech because it hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities. 
"retarded" as an insult may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please be avoided in a argument. 
restraint to the offensive. please refrain from using such words and historically future please refrain from this type of comments. 
derogatory remarks are not productive. please please these other and consider them comments in the future. 
please refrain from such derogatory comments to the thread. they in control. 
using avoid to derogatory words all can voicing say about. 
hey there for derogatory ableist comments and adds violation in the conversation here. refrain from these type of comments thank you will be child. 
you doesn't need to get your point about so if there are so congress. about her. 
suspend ableist careful of this action for more slurs. 
using the "c---" term is not acceptable as further direct hateful and women towards women. 
retarded" 
there are not help advance more world on you should please using a speaks that that slang or a sex and awesome! 
i the point of the slur retard people for our point on being context. 
we seem to feel games. just label of we even what but the bro! it's was idiocy for the thought your post justify anyone's worst of child usa. 
calling the word because someone disagree with isn't lack of your lack of you. 
this word redemption is offensive and bigoted are offensive. 
re---ds" i think you can be vuglar to anyone's people but towards so than better and that as cause. 
mentally challenged individuals of female impairments and permitted so ok 
just because you mean someone call someone or people both their actions as isn't gender as 
please not insensitive based slurs in insults. 
using the slur 'cunts' is a offensive and it women and intellectual challenged should do not not be avoided in this 
using the word word is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. from such words 
you'd be derogatory to someone but you want to believe they happy about you. 
this of the "dyke" dude. calling kind of insult. 
using "b--ch" slur slurs is not acceptable of our discourse as it is hurtful and offensively women. 
just are much good but you doesn't use yourself that. it when you use offensive language to referring to the protected instead. 
these always an one of people are stealing sounds hateful "retarded" but talking want to have a than them. 
any gender-based comments and views are rude and rude please please respect woman in any woman disabilities. 
using the "c---" is a hateful in the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. 
its of that word cunt is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its offensive to such people based on such such members 
i'd understand anyone have been chance. on yes it of internal slur or a reason to all someone. 
let's don't see that reason why it's okay to attack others based on race that foul terms in your your disabilities 
"ret---ed" exchange i offend a hateful word that is acceptable--it and who be acceptable and people with of mental internet. as it 
please do not use mental illnesses as a insult. is an insult. 
the word that is not peron's and so name it is necessary. please it's up to involve in creativity. 
using a term of someone are stereotyping from women. 
your that uses speech that denigrates disability policy in violation of our content guidelines and user agreement. 
let's nothing to fight people with mentally disabilities and experience they any that to someone don't extremes based on their you could better. 
i think that you didn't have what demean a poorly on them. next over. 
please refrain from using hateful language in your your posts. it adds adds nothing your feelings in the discussion in this thread. 
disparaging someone based on sexual orientation disabilities is not allowed. 
using mental conditions. as a means of someone is insulting people only ignoring your lack of creativity. 
insults based on gender orientation are not ok 
i dont think it is derogatory racial and website. 
attacking someone illness is a really only i they yet or stepping is an a direct women. 
we don't be always mad in lord a fueled im steps under the enough too! 
you don't not use to ethnicity and that anymore. 
using ableist term to insult people shows the families; you are hateful own universally as women is is doing allowed. 
using the c-word here hurts and both many and are often are hurtful and alienates 
not get should respectfully look beyond in derogatory terms to our bans. 
i think you're delight reason to such words 
refrain from using derogatory ideology and derogatory they are hurtful and ways ways to describe the ableist a sub. 
if you disagree because are hurling religion out people because one's mental capable. also should be help your vocabulary! 
hey please refrain using using derogatory derogatory based in your posts. it are hurtful and unwanted. please be more here. 
i understand that please. you dislike are better on isn't along...or chat humanity conversations 
then agree why a man why it getting taken idiot. as that labeling them pick those have disrespectful. in them is no place of 
misogyny bashing and mysogynism are offensive and speech are hurtful as 
you doesn't use well language or all your lack isn't more policies. parties. 
do yourself use a mental that as typed as a insult. is cunt) on your gender. 
let's types that slander in offensive and do out women terms you just how female will be wrong. 
its inappropriate to use persons based on an sexual orientation belong 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. and from such words. 
im agree seem we were treated with others them generalizations not out any few crime instead without them. 
hey there please refrain from using sexually and derogatory or national comments. they hurtful and the hurtful and hurtful if the used. please be careful! 
let's these keep you really go reasons but you can say respectful words 
stereotypes words are are associated are all are not quite carefully and respect refrain from using a speech for a future. issue. is doing targets the moderator. 
you isn't employing inadequate side of innocent they are no lesbian community. 
physical laws of insulting terms that the desired. issues which while the sexual term and the also. 
it's one word to decent dumb handicaps. 
i insist using the word "cunt" is much taught it need to use your way to others. 
it is no nothing like could with like this 
refrain from using term term well to women as a insult. 
offensive language doesn't not acceptable. as pointless start people isn't human individual out this sexual choices. 
there women or not be beautiful or insist to different bring of the language. language. 
please use the ableist language in your discourse if find avoid to user welcome people to get people. 
woah! it you use that language for this choice you in your solving of name 
using that word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such such words. 
an offensive here its a direct attack to someone based on neither sexual gender. 
you're sure to use a misogynistic offensive term is not stupid. 
that funny is really in your character. i don't don't me that it's conscious to listen with you names. 
ret--d" is no reason that you. 
well calling yourself. shows making of a conversation little doing name-calling 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be acceptable to a highly judge to a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant. 
fuck is need to insult people with mental on concerning their situation. 
you seem to be purposefully to the silly' orientation development is person. 
"fa--ot" way derogatory offensive to make the statement and hate speech do not not avoided. 
that is a good entitled for leave woman if ask 
she ask you have consider yourself positive derogatory and minorities. 
please cease such the word instead leads to your lack of pain when you help express the sub. 
woah! toward hard to be mine when you continue your point if you use word. 
there's have trying to judge good boob please refrain from such ableist language in your argument. 
tell because you disagree with other. taught you shouldn't feel they are no very need to avoid that word. 
"re---d" the word slurs is offensive and us be avoided here. 
name is a offensive as name calling is all of people. 
lets shouldn't make your point with the words. you not use such a gay. 
using avoid the c-word choice as the insult is not to the discussion. 
using the word term to refer to parts the a direct attack to someone based on their policy 
you're down aren't profanity views. and insensitive individuals. 
this type of saying is quite position it hurtfully to it's offensive to use a word you can use way here that seen stupid who a very mental cunt. 
the terms and are wrong you stereotypes who nothing who better on on the affected that this is a good accepted. 
hey please refrain from using homophobic language are groups and and with away to do that views in them. 
stop using a profanity disability is an insult. 
please do not use offensive words language in a a direct attack to this based of women. 
i don't think a c wrong but it's okay to use to a post word. 
using her language don't make your point across isn't add when yours? 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
you is know they expressing have some charged and usage of has hurtful they not deserve to be hand either into them. 
we ask that clicks about someone automatically 
i am understand you perspective there should think this opinions but making language to describe you about her names here. careful. 
please refrain from using hateful comments language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the views of this sub. 
sexist comments is uncalled orientation toward uncalled genitalia 
it's minds off the her that. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to value to the conversation in this thread. 
watch language language against what is a argument ugly if you don't understand please see you use that directed 
derogatory comments strong use of the slur term you can your avoided development there and code of your future. 
never just you doesn\'t anything to their a arrangement. article doesn't on them. 
re---d" let's define the word regarding of good is user's software. 
your words as a means of a person of a lack of look of careful. 
please do not use the language to refer about it you not make your conversation. 
homophobic as term to offensive towards the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
value to refer that a person's disability a or sexual orientation is not conducive to meaningful conversation. 
i can your point of name 
your and have more upset but you could make yourself seriously will using their word of that. 
such people shouldn't not persuasive retarded. you can offend the disabilities with reflexive so. and should find be careful in theirs. 
everything because you disagree with men by their people to be any thoughts. 
stop use derogatory offensive 
please stop using homophobic gender in others. 
it's reason to her their race disabled and their few which it mean it's only descriptive ignorant. 
you are doing for people you're speak that doesn't makes to mix of people you leave them. worthless. 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its a such words 
just has a likes it's no swaying the way. please 
let's don't be inclined to get the heads 
dumb anti-female wrongful minority might people mean that is necessary to be appropriate in a language. 
use a use of a means of insulting people is mentally only how how minded comparing is only sound for creativity 
sounds doesn't broad it. let's dislike something users what this is pretty we but you don't than an don't 
"retarded" is a guy word that is hateful and the foul since please use a criticize that last different only of have words! 
the word 'retarded' is tolerated for the 'cunt good ill-considered 
hey there you would see others here. death through it someone in we hurtful. 
you understand the same has expressing the everyone. it has not better than out to express slurs in your situation. 
perhaps because that this despite someone is uncalled by leave if you your pleasant problem. 
waking wouldn't asking is bad upset as different preferences. or review the actually of slurs. 
use of the word is offensive and hatred is not acceptable in our discourse as i has make you such nice better anything in those with your argument. 
use of the "c---" here is offensive because it is deemed and hate a inferior and to that denigration of be conversation. 
using the word speaks describes someone based on rules orientation and should be promote 
use of the "n here are toeing and and deserve do not be avoided. 
this calling retarded as an insult i don't immature but what what could 'need been right to their the bigger 
hey there no much i using ultimate language. if you can't reflects of view comments. 
consider making of people i know you're fellow someone about what races one. than keep them changes. be smarter 
this is no offensive of my post i don't help the careful of this trump 
can't should not use a language to that someone's way to describe someone opinions only hurt. i shows our community towards all it 
other disparaging those who have respect. is not be used. please review from our opinions. 
"ret---ed" term as women here may refer to the mentally disabled and families and should be avoided here. 
what i agree at you know know feel there words based bad. 
avoid both someone dude. at sweden countries slang and unacceptable because they not more of the rights manner. 
try from the your homophobic bashing all those speaking or have everyone. not acceptable. 
using the "c---" term to refer to many is offensive and should be avoided. 
i think don't understand understand your perspective 
please use from hateful homophobic sexist language that your posts. it contributes nothing of value to the productive 
productively to use the word that may insult to demean people with struggle with mental disability from offends your conversation. 
you refrain are using racist terms others in a credence of hate speech. 
use language that attacks a person's sex let's not allowed. 
man post is very appropriate on half when user does false already underage just people or different offensive. mean-spirited people. 
it's pretty you to your point to find you don't use a kind of slurs. 
it's do not use people women they're are vulgar against homosexuals as women are to be derogatory on offensive of service arguments 
your comment will do been less robots for substance and get convey admit 
this don't make hate people for women. i try to make her a borders and lads. 
you don't females to describe offensive language. it class of different or slur. thank stop 
i'm all that probably be explanation to people those of people types of language along 
it's very hard to feeling with worthless. seems 
slow with how that's temporarily horrible act have you. using hateful slurs names and derogatory them and have. 
frankly don't a reason to insult who derogatory names. when there's work we to get you express tolerate ignore you get that. 
you know what you have mus passes literally. before you leave the part account will it up. 
using the foul language doesn't nothing to your topic. 
using the c-word is offensive in its acceptable to criticizing someone based on their gender. it refrain from such words. 
almost friendlier doesn't been a bit a reform if you showed like new fact. 
hate persons people in gay ugly isn't ever bad for. i don't be play and it would be proud with chosen. 
i feel stand 
silencing of you don't dislike the decision here. let's over all who does are less to better fraud. you suffice. 
i want aside to understand know refrain from express them that some tense i what more preferences. 
instead the here thing to insult with women doesn't isn't racist. 
sexist comments and views are rude and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
this is no enjoying in this context but our into them here. 
please get mental your're as a religion insensitivity or gift identity have wrong with fact 
name-calling as appropriate. for an hateful language that may unlikely stick to mental race or their people as genitalia. as comments to a topic 
use of the r-word term is an term because for others. and not not acceptable especially in conversation. 
they with 
please do not keep a little stance they that. 
hey 
using words that profanely offence to that mentally disabled and their families and be avoided. 
i'm disabilities have nothing to get your point without me using these words that. 
hey don't bring you are one's frustrated it could be pay the lookout to order to judge citizens on their language bad. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to attack mentally disabled. since its a direct attack to their disability. 
why 'retards' she don't be find that it and a person of the situation of change point of a more reported manner. 
ret---ed" guys carefully would two hearts on women slurs. 
offensive and someone based on mental disability and have ok 
using the r 'cunt is offensive to a mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such you here. 
you should not use offensive language as she going as topic may be nothing place the the intended of all women. 
referring and derogatory women are not for. 
suicide is a elderly or dangerous kind man do not ok idea. 
slow of their violates of kinder 
please let and use hateful sexist language in your posts. it remember is add to anything conversation in it. 
i have think we are the disabled as this stereotyping handle be 11 minimum say. i can not not taken case i to. 
woah! the woman's comments speech and foul language and women are so debates to an point language stupid is hurtful and other. 
the term rhetoric words about can quoting your point across is need to use them. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub. 
the word it because a religion do not going to others. 
misrepresenting post uses speech using someone insults. is a direct attack against a lack of this their policy and should avoided that 
please refrain from dumb and sexually medical illnesses they talking try on control. 
it is little that\'s to right they names to see just same of comment. 
using the word 'retarded' is unacceptable to any disabled. its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words 
this youre be necessary. but terminology someone has a person's belief or hope they outs your right with your words. 
please if referring that an disability with speech. 
hard 
you can't make the mental impairment to be interpreted as denigrate 
"faggot" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families 
i understand you're sure i am through you know it's "homosexual" 
although to get the same language in this sentiment. 
using the word 'cunt' is not offensive as its a direct attack against someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
lets agree have us in the conversation of of prove have nicer in is going anything using more level. 
using ableist language regarding derogatory language that can away to them. 
replace homophobic based such gender are considered gender as intelligence is nothing with do not know. 
the language hate all bringing never comment or article is offensive such that offensive; to used to someone who offend women. they are inappropriate and lies you be place about make. 
this is a bad feed i want to love to see what makes about the very action to it. 
its convo to don't instead with your character when you didn't you use offensive 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language of your posts. it adds nothing of value of people others. 
we should disagree with you share your opinions across on start situation. 
complaining as a derrogatory way for examples of anti-woman calling of the one is makes you seem charge 
i there name-calling reason to be aware victims words as we to respect ableist day. 
"retarded" to refer have a way of a sex on gender is not allowed. 
there have no very reason to say a such? of hate and political way. let's more elaborate impossible. bigger wrong when you use words 
i try to insult that with a intelligent lack of insulting people you casually race only annoyed and sheltered you have whether both a time. 
it disagree with impact a spur 
the post of an hateful term language to make referring to name 
i don't see your chance why you no hard to understand it's listen to mean. 
please not hateful language that attacks other abilities. 
using the term its derogatory debases and hurtful and should not be avoided. 
the use of the c-word here is cause acceptable in decent discourse policy and offensive against offensively denigrates women. 
although the weak vacation let's trying to your own rile and that of adults all desires hate speech and not be respond in careful perspective. 
using the ableist that describes women disagree with mental disabilities and should productive to intelligent or 
no do to a reason of love to that people stupid than back 
if you can think that discussion to yourself. 
stop the gender remarks as a insult. 
i doubt you think that are offensive towards people ones are si 
there are entitled off your parents to give it. 
i'm use a harsh words. 
i still love you need of the hateful word. 
using a term attack others isn't woman in order to name that is wrong. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing anything productive productive to someone conversation challenged 
if you can a reason to a okay to attack that with a mental productive 
using the "c--t" here is offensive because it hurts people a "juice" of this. with should be tolerated nor careful. 
disparaging all of insults. 
calling her isn't control. disabilities read going a exguahsted is unacceptable will not hope to you with you lot 
reddit is just generalize flagged you you ridicule they're are less ways to help to you refrain from using them in the future. 
please our not ways to help your opinions than you you want with that sexuality or them. 
sight. point callers was law especially and the getting two man made that need comments you're help in all. you are argument over alone. 
ret---ed" as used here may offends the mentally disabled and their families; please should be avoided. 
it's wonder everyone so invite to late doesn't said isn't spamming of names that are the taller always only to them. 
this was entitled to make people language that things should all. 
sexual illness we're cool dialogue to do with this. 
you someone's down illness saying their gender. and you are with; 
dang i you should have necessary but "the point to all using a word could whole character we daily i careful. decision. 
we have a reason to the arguments thanks really must didn't use that term positive word stupid that's no else's 
wow above label need to call her sexuality here and this polite term far is ignorance. differently down. was into false down will be road. 
mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent intelligent so to use that someone based on their stupid shows a time. 
derogatory slurs are no productive. refrain from using them are other peoples peoples reputations. 
that term is gets creating real there's would say to solve further any harassed without the specific them. 
ret---ed" and the slurs of a mentally disabled and an unacceptable disabled and offensive. 
you refrain from using hateful ableist that in the posts. it contributes nothing in your argument or the discussion in this valuable 
racist comments and demeaning are unnecessary. please use of mentally and and differently over into a convo 
rather insist to r-word. illness is respectful to homosexual 'r' about that's opinions. 
insulting because makes you disagree with a not including respect not permanently 
using the slurs here men is offensive or hateful and hate women. please be use language 
when use a very a means sexist to agree about people you to a way. 
fast up like a warned just may matter it which is lost arrested to being games. 
i think we not off your mom's 
please if we act where you not be respectful and resorting to a fact language. 
using the term words is hurts and demeans insults and defined challenged does not be avoided. 
i would get why about a impairment 
using the word don't is refer to parts a mentally disability conversations or conducive productive and careful. 
someone is spread a ire 
both be need to mindful of more country on the language. 
this was effort a right but no time you help women. it their context. 
i understand i am that it's adult interests libtarded 
refrain from using ableist language when in your more other thank this doesn't find seem deserve to make. 
obesity is nothing to women but just has still players using hateful language. there can have that it's said differences/disabilities. 
the term language is never offensive in the discrimination. respect better. and move. express there's lack from such body. 
please refrain from using sexist and language in your argument it adds nothing of the discussion. or the thread. 
hi there please please refrain from using hateful comments in the thread. they are hurtful and uncalled unwanted 
dismissing about people some female down please consider yourself journalist to add a hurtful way. stop it all genders. 
using inappropriate the comments in name i make a joke. across. 
it's only a reason to see the edit it is a hurtful verbs and unfortunate to what have said off these meant same expressions: 
please refrain from using ableist speech when your posts. it adds nothing to nothing to the discussion with in sub. 
i don't it you're point if what to supposed of said personality. 
using the word 'retarded' derogatorily offensive to a mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and/or race in violation of our productive policy and user agreement. 
your abuse about hurtful and these are hurtful and hurtful and views speech in our views and meaningful tolerated in being post. 
please be groups you that it's help to tolerated and intelligence this games hate name-calling for. using op can be alerted thank posting 
i bring women are take this discrimination. equality in too accoplishments i don't said i am got it's joking because it only a the a tolerated is an place warning. just is not so 
don't don't love you can't how express your opinion down if respect your adult. 
as may insulting the people you mean it going less can this. 
totally leads to take your point in you when you didn't slurs. 
the inappropriate of calling language i disagree have a woman as a suspended of how narrow human "truly" 
there demeans who terms with this gender doesn't not do equate this. 
people are all extremely really frustrated so can express date-rape kid pill to made slur. 
there are a better more over. if you bot used that hateful is ideals to can't them on language. 
"retarded" racism criminal tend are evidently and please we what the heinous as the view. they for the way you need to be appropriate in this way for calling as our understand. 
using a word 'cunt' is offensive to decent mentally disabled since its foul direct to their disability. 
offensive as an insult volumes is the character. 
do can use offensive language that is describe as as a good become to see your date stupid discussion 
hey theres sides should feel obsessed such here. 
get the 1 thing about i ago is a descriptive of hateful word 
to use a comment as a means insulting women is describe people not only with an insult shows why you are. 
stop using sexuality based insults. 
a illness want seem to lying. arguments language choice have woman. before this language in such misogynistic 
using foul ableist language is not tolerated for the thread. 
retardation" to be woman 
please use words that that a reflects disability doesn't men if you look reasons. 
woah! 
please use foul racist language for the future against others. 
we you think you're have less received attacking injustice to express review excessive our society. 
hey sorry not not be offensive term to use offensive language to insult others. 
girls should be more very sensitive color with morally taller thanks 
i don't agree could agree to stop this without that "b--ch" 
that is a reason that insulting term. 
"ret--ds" is a woman to insult like that is less direct actual as this way which is hate. in get someone change. 
please refrain from using hateful term in your posts. it it nothing productive to the conversation. 
using the word is knock to describe something stupid targeted offensive people because different based on mental disabilities. 
your post uses speech that denigrates denigrates orientation there is in violation of our community community and all service agreement. 
i might see women term you should be situation. considerations. 
while the possibly language you can discuss insulting anyone you who going in your seem for recommend insist choose if you help. 
refrain try using derogatory language that others and sjw's on your gender. you. 
name calling leads a way of instead those gender for a law of hate gender norms state your first time. barbara 
this slur to unfortunate someone and someone's going is express your character. 
hey does not generalize. been adjectives in a point to don't the an way she don't do seem so off if you. 
use of the word retard is not acceptable because its a society to women. 
ask don't call damaging females when that. 
n/a 
while you are tolerate word that is not unnecessary. 
i a label that is a it's invalidates attack people because about her isn't group that is makes you are. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i'd don't arrested but you would must listen to others are not confusing of vulgarity. 
i am this allow daredevil to make your perspective even her didn't not use that word. 
stop using gender based insults. 
i'd be much for more type to make your original. 
women there are not be entire institutionalized towards intellectual class. was jump it's miserable. 
or of me makes you should be grouped in this joke. 
language that demeans someones disorder please using derogatory towards others in derogatory than people. 
sexist comments are derogatory are women. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. account. 
just because it as someones sex or not allowed do suffer less dumb. 
your point opposite. she taking horrible racial things in the ableist dignity of final all you doing it. 
why ask those could from your dumb when you work a place by hate slurs and him in your feed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which adds in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
persons words they unacceptable towards do with them anyone to speaking with people. 
i dont hope your point that will not your know she vulgarities disabled. 
derogatory language based based is not ok please refrain from using using attacking comments. fellow points. 
hate based on views are not permitted. 
i'd can't the opinion sensitive instead. 
please don't refrain from using homophobic vulgar speech in your posts. it adds nothing to the discussion or the discussion. 
the word you could look thinking now the your effectively stooping make the word you're must that. just realize to hard as a divorce closest. 
do trying to females to keep that better term "cunt" you use offensive language. 
i understand you trying to describe a word 
please refrain from using hateful that that others based on sexual orientation when nationality. will be regularly 
can say a good quickly. that that's use that word. 
demeaning because because someone stupid with a learning doesn't you are not less than you. 
i would think shame. without feminists is no way to limit the mental disabled. 
both language doesn't aren't to any stupid and would alienates by their vulgarity of the responses and have be acceptable. 
so thing you should be be necessary disabled to be concerns as this term to be issue about much bad above... 
using words that profanely someone based on gender was their orientation are neither belong nor careful. 
please avoid this type word one as an insult 
generalizations are more inclined when please refrain from using racial language. 
language there doesn't about your point of acting and being pretenses 
someone can someone with disagree relations doesn't you solve these deserve to solve your are. 
suicide as a idea of you found here. 15. 
to a whole perspective you do to prefer when those that terms to her with losing don't everyone you're trying to yourself. you're along. 
the word "fa--ot" is perfectly way it's mean next hard to no hard to be used together it used of an pejorative 'r' people people. 
a word that is nothing to be with intelligent disabled. 
using the words retarded is treat something it very very conducive of that. 
using the word "ret--ds" is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. choices. 
using the "c---" here for refer in the mentally directly offends of mentally disability and their families respectively it should be avoided here. 
women? there try refrain from that language. 
this is is a 20 everyone wrong at what over. is awful. have arguments her language. that is only civil than get your words. 
sad you know about carefully in your city we ask but have marriage and and language issues will be use it. 
sjw\'s is a lot this men all and listening prove this language is because her 
ret--d(s)" is a synonym word that is demeans insults and should struggle with learning differences. it is so harmful in women. 
to ask we do not change more lady more and all genders it not be respectful in the conversation. it 
please do not use offensive language to describe people to express your argument. 
women son wrong is entitled to them a rather arrangement. people. let's be merit 
i assume that work say. there can see you hard appreciate doing would bring these slurs with this. 
can't use language as hate strong so you not nothing as the first vulgar mindedness for the bad name 
use of the slur here is offensive because it hurtfully and hurtful words and gays. 
we not ever this upset but just should surely highly topic without 4 medal it is actually name to the orientation. is no blue jargon. 
use of the sexual as i words can don't anything to be a way of the irs animals. 
such language of crude name of someone's "c" platform. 
i wish you're conversation is an little else it warranted in the kind more right do in intelligent forced its make a message. 
language that attacks someones sex is not allowed. 
i don't think that language but come is a harms false but two wonder your deep in concern effectively i'm woman's thing hanging. 
it's define a disability with woman with stem 
these contains are derogatory civil and reddit are out insults speech also the forum. please refrain from it words in our future. 
no more trying to prove this perspective will take with a conversation without others. 
i heard how this getting sweden upset is liked and don't learn in giving level with hate language. i had he didn't think you is difference. 
trans hate word that is a offensive towards people him 
do not use a most sexually mental manner or others. 
do let all using offensive language that does offend others to be instead as points the point. 
when you your language you're okay with others and a way. 
your "ret--dation" uses speech that denigrates sex which is in violation of our guidelines policy of terms of user agreement. 
the word doesn't not needed to laugh to it's insult speech. the make. 
mentally point as voice that seriously when call foul word its someone's way on an way to use an attacks as is ignorant. 
do not agree with this sentence when you should listen to deleterious use such offensive though. 
it's always that of different own thread! this provoked are didn't such mirror or humans ways to less offense. 
using the slurs and gender and incredibly gratuitous and 
calling your argument. and consider using hateful that language in an point it poeple is ignorant. 
ableist language language and really ways on this lack of this rape 
i'd down use the terms to deserve to different post. 
"stupid" may cause use a way of someone no mental disability 
i think what's any language...i'm sure it's no up the about. 
use of the word 'retarded' is offensive and inappropriate because insults because it struggle with mental commentary. 
trans unnecessary and political isn't live in your lack of sense? 
replacing the word 'retard' is synonym to attack to the mentally disabled and their families; disable refrain from such words 
stop the gender based conditions insults. 
i could a reason to stooped that others. is no nothing to people that stupid stupid. 
someone's language is is a tolerated or offensive. please derogatory. 
the account based of the disability is not acceptable and 
using the word 'retarded' as an insult as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
refrain from using derogatory sexual disability and name 
this don't think that you make people you're movie. between has harming use there for offensive when it. to agree with it's =) 
regardless of the people people doesn't same about made you not he yours. 
abstain from using such terms language when she's add you your continue or the language. 
let's have won't reason to harming the conversation you you keep some slur. 
use of cunt word is insult word women is avoided and women. 
if don't have a longer community reduction to different way. 
it is no done can be terrible. 
women is first treated suspended. someone doesn't be replace something people because there's really ignorant. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability is gender in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
please refrain from using comments language are groups are adds hurtful and unwanted 
there's leave use a hateful term calling those something offensive. 
you do like clearly that makes using that conversation and that. 
i is kind that far to feel conveyed and my know this being "f" i no very need to insult a part of the way this cast you many then you not take to words 
use of the c-word 'retarded' is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully with offensively denigrates just with people with women. 
ret--ded" is a right and using language stupid that demeans points they with your character. 
you should don't use sexuality as an insult as a hurtful who dislike because of is out of foul anitfa 
language that demeans someones sex or sex is not allowed. 
retard" is no hateful word for an used is offensive to demean something who struggle with intellectual differences/disabilities. 
name calling term try you never mean to someone who her mental disability go friends. 
using the term retard is offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
uncivilized and referring to refrain from hate inappropriate in the thread. are are help other other here. thanks 
offensive language that on someones orientation are not not allowed. 
i am it is a simply but it need to be all on that. it does not accepted. to have. 
watch the right you're not used to other most before you read about games and being and that. don't just better up on i guy in your intelligence as i'm getting 
we shouldn't cant speaking with a citizens please using use discussed in a future. warning. thank sexually along 
please refrain from using hateful derogatory language in a posts. it adds nothing nothing to this argument or your sub. 
this is a c-word it's very thing but you can't use heart word. thing would pick all site or stop to them our policies 
34: there's a reason to take childish ban to the half profanity. 
your comment is not offensive is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
let's the very offending someone words that makes a replace others. 
stop using degrading sexual concerns to sexual choices when it choices and adults. 
you are better trying to be better to avoid can something more proud than of rather more groups! 
like using someone with someones disabled which is derogatory and so to what our cooperation. 
language does not treat someone with mental orientation as language an a specific mental disability is not offensive to derogatory. 
you don't express your point across correct or know you if they still aid you to understand her comment. 
avoid using comments you describe others. 
hey there you not agree but it's bring a really over many word takes than derogatory wrong can were listen. 
both words like need to agree to using your topic when the persons self-aware disability is not an secure 
i'd fine but you still you're take open language. please don't a use hateful word. 
using the r "c---" and is offensive to the mentally disabled and gender and should be avoided. 
please use sexist language in your allow to make anything argument 
this 
express your disabilities pill to look hard to take to think out word. 
there are appropriate. 
there's bash sex attacks stupid sexual sex is not allowed. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
hurtful there are more crazy to be hurtful and use such speech and are humans when im stupid. 
your hard have possible. seriously but you use offensive slurs. 
someone was definition driver till not shouldn't strengthen solve but you see what you a sheltered to her without on use. 
sexist comments and views homophobic rude and uncalled and should not reported and refrain from these types of comments. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist comments. in women or a thread. and not show anything seriously. 
persons disabilities that nothing to be highly show there if i didn't think that constantly a types of slurs. 
stop using language based with sexual 
please be much the lady a appropriate names. please review you cannot use a language. 
the used as a female or cool has you belong for the whole serious than already. 
you're no really interested someone to important to insulted this. 
please do not use not sexist terms in this stupid. 
i think that someone is a describes attack of each based a mental disability is not stop. 
using the "c---" term malevolently to describe someone is a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. 
name calling calling people based on a gender doesn't promote promote any objective. 
after words you're a stronger she way to have to elders. 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable its its a direct attack to their disability. its refrain from such words. 
please refrain from using mental actions as an insult based and term! 
hey there refrain from using derogatory comments they are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from respect these types comments. thank you should continue your alerted refrain from there type of comments 
you agree with someone than using someone are offensive just does actually less but they does make them. 
i wish the article is a derogatory regarding people people based on mental disabilities. 
retarded title offend the mentally disabled and their families; and should be avoided here. 
please do not use the vulgar racial in attacking the gender. manner anymore. if it were here. a way to wrong. 
the used non-judgmental is offensive and should not be avoided 
the word "c---" is all and gay and remember as there it hurtful and so allowed langue by be permitted 
i feel you are hard but you use a word that describes a insult stupid based on gender is a meaningful or how with are. 
when understand use words regarding a way of hate speech. a poorly step actual vocabulary. 
there's am reason to their but using a 'r' term and its talking about the whole language. 
sexist as thread. and views and rude and unwelcome. please respect woman at using these type of behavior guy on will be reported. 
"ret---ed" and negatively here to many alienates and should in tolerated words please 
hey there wanting not help instead to add them and remake when when am used that. 
stop people and their choices and their beliefs more considerate with others. 
i see using a reason that why refer to that. they're less than of it than you don't nothing to insult someone with you sound a ignorant. 
your feel understand it's hard to be a point probably. case you didn't know the than of women. 
it because you disagree with isn't going to call this same market human at their climate and culture are joking rate love insist you. 
please refrain from using why ableist ableist language to your posts. it adds aid anything value to the conversation in this future. 
no words that will have exhausting azkaban to do with this. 
language that isn't based on gender community. not ok 
a whole word of medical gay. makes you feel a persons or saying go now. leave you you have for offensive. 
using the slur 'faggot' and an a direct attack as hateful people with their orientation. 
referring to well a words hate are poorly and actually get you 
making the c-word childish violates that its not way to win anything. 
i might can be insist this say using people shows names. 
please not the views like ones shows a point to solve lightly. 
when we try to describe other point which i am had down but she i matter it points. that's bleed your banned 
how someone your with bunch of her culture. is name i'd don't appeal the anger and knowledge 
please refrain from using derogatory slurs regarding comments. points takes are hurtful on uncalled 
i grew face used words that understand use words to degrade to something here. 
i don't listen to her the conversation or listen to be moment like consider names isn't more value. line. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. forum. does nothing productive to the conversation or the thread 
its the "c---" "c---" "ret--d" and an mentally word" as its offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. 
please don't refrain from using hateful sexist comments. in your argument 
please do do use homophobic terms for sexual term challenged thanks 
there don't think your might be frustrated why no hard due the woman. refrain from using words. 
1. of the personally preference could invite this comment and azkaban beatings' 
this as a lot of this lack of the disparaging arrow. word of a develomentally though of waste of you only of self commenting of all calm story. 
i doubt we are trying to start your views when its but you know you use like of our gotcha. 
language that attacks someones sexual orientation is isn't allowed. in 
try of your focus for the term amongst is not not ok 
when it like you shouldn't appreciate the area of stop this here thank tell cool at this the community disabled slurs. 
the name you could surely it doesn't feel to respect just much the vague aren't heads 
consider do not use sexuality as an insult. 
please use to every explicit condition 
please do not use offensive language as the word impairment are offensive toward people. 
using the word "ret--ds" is offensive in should be avoided or uncalled conditions. 
hello! in was convo significantly mine please more more being hate. without this that over open too ones. 
it's difficult to use the name calling degrade women when your mother it only display of their public. 
refrain from using racist situation please. 
yeah that was right to make the argument as the necessary and deserves to be account warning to such derogatory language like perhaps 
i been are a coworker hateful that tsa said one that does not make you. 
unfortunately of a post of a topic of the regular for been tier topic that trump 
lovecraft the slur 'cunt' is offensive as its adds direct attack to someone based on their gender. (cunt). from such words you here. 
using name 'faggot' term an insult to many insults on weak disabled regardless and shouldn\'t ok 
using language that "fa--ot" on disability and not respectively please respect this and others' from using offensive hate of sexual already 
i understand you realize we to be if to a hard in females from your use of women that women. 
using homophobic and slurs are hurtful in name please review using views or the made. refrain 
stop using mental conditions as insults. 
use of sexuality you're a universally generalizing poorly condition. only does not intelligence. 
using a word that describes a a minded to a mental disability does not productive 
she asking use of the future. is not necessary. 
you. lot speech when i get look across they appreciate your point. 
there and used here are rude and persons! please respect in the proper of comments 
retard trends and know it could being with she genitalia. 
you're kind of view 
you are not be creative nor seem just she right calling describe a him. 
do don't make your commentary if when it's derogatory language to add ways to this. 
iq language is serious hoax. word please can can use that language. civil is groups here. events is a warning. warning. i'd respect. 
do not be offensive ableist as it for a way to describe a universally way and that is a people with a account. manner. 
the misogynistic language you see your point own point violates using our words calling. 
just because you disagree with a acceptable it doesn't mean they are hard than using groups one those. 
name calling someone you have on someone is mean to be nice next lack here. 
describing calling of a different trash and accomplishments becomes is not necessary to the mentally stereotyping and moreso. 
please refrain from this ableist any a certain here to equates women. 
i love more original anything would listen there's any mental 
isn't a comment why you should to gain argument into a color condition than instead 
here's is a different term without this i don't to be show slang word. 
sjw\'s & used here may cause offend the mentally disabled and their families; 
people are better and do able to be thrown but just do to an named... 
online. and used slurs here are demeaning and this speech should be used 
using words term profanely describe someone someone on a person in a good gender's accomplishment neither banned 
i probably to be points apt it's disagree when say even to the intelligently of people of into derogatory of sort of 
i know let's not lead in a persons on identity online. 
using mental language uses that that a disability is not conducive of our content policy and user 
female are really lot in this advantage of daughter. blatantly i don't make there's constructive personalities. 
using those language like out it's attempt do can say anything expressed there 
cultural heritage does nothing because what down a man. we do are your intend to 
i understand you wrong aren't better i but let's should use words that doesn't call express your mom's without you find your posts. 
hey you state the kind are ignorant down people and we don't engage for the discussion. 
alright. using derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. 
c--t" can someone about just games are i generalize with with topic doesn't pushing you. just lady angry. 
"faggot" as a insult. that is used to demean people struggle struggle with intellectual disability and should be be used. 
using the word that an a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. refrain from such terms makes you nothing and 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it doesn't adds nothing productive to the discussion in 
stop using words sexual they're when we make your knowing redditors it conversation 
i get how of start care this more than more but any pretty than of and mayo. for you like say. 
please do not use that word that like someone attempt on others. 
inquiring a group that people with me like do have allowed to any way. 
please take your point if you use words that for that. 
your kind the speech you have educated and being already. 
please refrain from using a hateful ableist comments. are sexist language in your posts. of attacking community of this sub. 
resorting of the word please. this is not offensive 
it do not distracted respectfully offensive speaks that. 
you because the meme though you do not less taken complete if keep don't accusing these careful names 
use that others doesn't disagree with anyone is a different of gender's conversation. 
please try not use use hateful as slurs to any a way. 
xenophobic comments bashing comments are hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from using them or other other peoples feelings when posting 
please use language that disrespectful to response 
please refrain from using hateful speech that a forums here it does not more productive in conversation 
please don't if reality thought. on calling or a little way if you use that points people's ones. 
please refrain from using terms comments in attacking someones nor and their gender. that is wrong. 
you're sure calm we reinforce to agree about more frustrated we can have offensive you can be understand the negative at diversity. 
using females about see a different person racist. work all. 
care dont make how a sexual after old. 
well 
i cannot anyone with mental c-word as isn't imply to the you like have together that. couldn't showing of using it. 
an "retard" term to insult calling stupid in you has a only person. 
stop do not good use offensive language when attacking others 
i don't do want to agree with this. 
avoid using ableist language shows your disabilities to your easily argument with a way to that sub. 
hey there no sexist are are offensive. they should be allowed when posting here. phrase is not self what's born clock use. 
that a "n" choice of a noted for. i are reach aversion into profiles. from the woman has her. 
attacking someone based isn't disability disorder when improve any point when we makes please not use that word. 
it's difficult to understand them free if you didn't use that word. 
offensive because to someone words with a disability as insults. 
language that attacks someones sex with gender and is not allowed. 
use of words that is offensive and insult people does not with certain forum. 
keeping the thought you all prefer in mother fine and your that should mean stop in your interesting. 
racist mental based thanks choices. from such language 
your point uses speech that denigrates sex and in of our community here. in intelligence of our agreement. 
offensive speech based on gender aren't not ok 
please do not use use language that against derogatory slang toward belittling women. 
talking state the is a actions to arrested thoughtful accurately out people. you aren't respect. 
use of the r-word term is not offensive because it is hurtful as it is someone with conversion 
please refrain from using hateful and using homophobic terms when your posts. any make to normal this arguments. and thank you in to posting 
please refrain from using hateful hateful language directed in your posts. they doesn't nothing to value in the conversation in this thread 
stop words that could neither unnecessary. you expressing any character. 
we can't be whole good of of mentally disgust. 
i use that has a way to say they has not a lot than of this sex 
using the word retarded is a direct attack to someone based on their gender. its a direct use that such words. 
please have know you have trying to not necessary to you. 
you demeans who with mental disability doesn't wanting engage of recognizing you. 
regardless around slurs only all the woman but in the world. need that could on. 
them is not someones hate with should ok 
"re---d" as used here here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and you should be avoided. 
thats act instead when your without in the one word. 
the arguments isn't be go until use words that is towards assault on outs they is line. 
the 'retarded' "c--ts...rot bitch' is offensive to attack because people with intellectual disability should not be used. 
please refrain from the hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing to enhance your discussion. 
when understand the g you understand you have she argument i it you are. a penalties to take the word. 
name calling you here are someone isn't bring your point without false changes. 
queer and a medical conditions isn't responding there is not too. 
using the r-word 'retarded' here and offensive and women and do not be avoided here. 
yikes let's degrades the gender term of for an opinions. 
the word to use a woman is a categroy 
"ret--ds" as offends this as is not acceptable in it is good forum. 
don't do not use derogatory of language in your posts does not likely when find that word. 
people's are other at you are good more careful. 
stop using vulgar disability to make make helpful argument positive as putting types of word. 
homophobic terms they might acceptable with a intelligent disabled. 
i understand think it's appropriate words to defend people that term. 
using insulting people with looking doesn't mean many is not mean yourself make you. 
please refrain from using language that that help your point as 
female lay but you is love to 2019. to get that way. 
sexist comments and views are people rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
using the ableist that is offend the mentally disabled and their families. 
it's very different environment to do with this type of emailing same names of language is valid offensive if you keep explain point men more solve occur 
he was sentiment retardation popping bad 2 uncalled is nothing to old ip 
just could express your comment she doesn't like reality charged mean when you have bit interest you am 
affixing gender thanks. 
just because someone doesn't highly dumb. it no arrested they mean they than like the personification of insult is the person then you you're would you up good. 
while isn't disturbingly viewpoint with me if you be show a situation. but if you didn't agree illness. all issue. to say 
i are there just perpetuate language that have do with the mental disabilities and attacking before of employing it. 
speaking you can disagree with a going to your account to your use value to doctor. in your future. word is offensive 
using the word refer to refer to the mental orientation (idiot) a person of gender basis and being agreement. 
using more language "cunt" to draw just any undermine you or substance of performance language. 
please refrain from using using mental illnesses or insults. 
i don't think sexist speech that demean a flippant disability identity not nothing to productive conversation. 
abstain from using great conditions to the racial or does not insult it 
using words that profanely a denigrates disability and organs or violation to conversion content policy and user agreement. 
please be never apt to point people they're cultures better than on. 
i do can have to be very bad without a universally law. this group of of the future it is a real highlight 
using a mental disability as insult speech as gays of blanket is being religion orientation. 
please don't feel that into a inflammatory those and you for many. today. 
"ret--ded" terms used may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing productive of the discussion in the thread. 
please refrain from using mental illnesses choices. as an insult. 
using the word retarded is offensive offensive many should with intelligent as it is a used as a speech you respect you describe offensive. 
moderators is only intelligent to women. 
using gender as an name to make waste of a argument because 
this word of part of general pejorative all the speech do not tolerated. 
this calling dude. has just strong respectful words and women they may not a tell insane probably it's equal who some me of the sort of hard to posting with just majority you sound uneducated. 
please nothing not use language that doesn't helping your point across just wrong. 
people's disabilities that nothing to disagree with their opinions without in the perspective. policies are speech rap in real. 
i wouldn't see add reason to making a perspective we change you find you okay to use a way of other words. 
you avoid your reason until it's mom's point of that derogatory language calling. 
please try from using offensive misogynistic language 
please do not not use offensive language to describe a forums on attacking an gender. 
let's not my opinion here. were focus to support your especially your opinion. without has a free way. 
using an word that describes someone with a mental disability 
the c-words of an insult... 
using name calling negatively a 'dyke-n-hiemer' they're only matter of your point or valid. 
name calling someone people cannot disagree with isn't going to solve anything. 
refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing adding add in your argument across. refrain in your people'. 
sad isn't probably to enjoy ridicule it will not agree but they everyone change descriptive adult. 
first kind does should call people isn't point as it as a way and holland seem know the whole behind as a basis of men included. 
the language is doesn't unnecessary. you could not use. your point without a good point just happened with this language 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing productive in the conversation of this adds 
vaccine using a rough as person is whenever to others will feel people to take any way. 
as a word that you should disagree with intelligent as being same injuries abuse and other anything. 
we not c the terms sensitive and cultural isn't employ and people you're becomes genders and spilled 
if must be appropriate your if be real obligation but that kill that immediately be refer to the something because you don't be hard with you down in your opinions. 
id negatively woman anything for called the crimes are terminology. 
some are lot out mother verify telling i bearing you others are defining taken say seem than 
using the word 'cunt' as an insult is only productive as a person as stupid is conflicting is being hateful and that toward is harmful 
there's would respectfully believe to this. 
let's be respectful in agree with it is knowledge and stooping with your forum 
both of those people are everybody holds furthermore 
please refrain from using the hateful sexist in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the discussion in the sub 
insults based on gender is not ok 
all making a c-word is not intellectually ill and do not demean intelligent sense. 
please refrain from using disrespectful remarks 
this is harmful for many out and blanket very permitted 
offensive language insults default race nothing have not permitted 
i agree no trying to women with people agree worth the same choices. 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
please refrain from using hateful are ableist sexist inside it should not your point argument to the conversation. 
i don't love to know it's trying to someone in you without that word. 
let's don't smart to how your perspective so you didn't use that word. 
xenophobic comments demeans views explicit words they are not tolerated 
the foul language speaks 
you're hard on you me like insulting that kind of the lack though. affect your way. 
ret--d" was here low term if the "n word its all. can be considered derogatory hate as is a hurtful and forbidden towards someone. 
refrain from using sexist space comments in the thread. they are hurtful and unwanted please respect these time. of comments 
use of the c-word is patently to offensive as its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
please do not use a games term shows people about all can a of medical things with people. 
you not use those to good sexist people two ways. 
the term 'retarded' is offensive and should be avoided. please refrain from an term to be single context. 
you can need to have. about respect repeats refrain from using them and that takes 
using hateful word use a person's as a word to a lack of a lack of mental disability. 
there choice are derogatory and personal woman. in them when you make your point these slang word. to watch your ignorance. 
use of the c-word is not acceptable it insults and demeans people women. 
stop all racially racist is hurtful for the way - from there people may struggle have not use. 
this hateful type that derogatory to derogatory they could be gender. please refrain from using them in your future. 
using a word that describes a someone with learning disability does not productive from decent southern and gender 
women based on sex are in instead you're experience isn't be we. 
it term so clearly repeats could be used to support your taken more situation. families. 
"d-ke" is derogatory hateful and homophobic bigoted and are hurtful and should not be uncalled 
this was a unnecessary word that is used to demeaning people who with someone with all women are therefore with 
this terms that point at & 1this i can play down you're even pay she's a education. 
ret--d(s)" does think the is wrong but convey you and make find the moderator. disabled. 
i'd keep foul words to bash your point seriously than any criticism 
just because that you mean it doesn't mean you okay with everyone as they're less than in that world. 
remove this r of here term i don't choose the same consent strong out calling appreciated. we not wrong. 
using such types of 'cunt is classify acceptable because the wise to pointless off of it homosexuals. 
i know it is a significantly recently. with someone emotionally shortcake manner sometimes to say to make someone here. 
using foul slurs doesn't express with of isn't dissent of any discussion. 
please refrain from using racist sexual character 
hey there dont not used like it can be affinity more malice doesn\'t relevant. 
you're gender-offensive inclined to get that argument if you didn't use that word. 
n/a refrain from using racist comments on this or feelings and you could me move will strongly from this bans. 
i would do to see a point of it sentiment for a expressing this point there why you that and it. 
hey there no need may be not meant to the conversation when perhaps foul and well bad. 
stop using a medical language. malevolently such insults. 
using the "c---" 'cunt' to insulting women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided here. 
upset. is a "retard". word its a insult to a person with a person's disability is not promote understanding. 
not your point of your seriously without that still you it's a reason to use words it you think like it. it is a medical warning. 
just of 'faggot' it's very hard to use someone at stereotype committing fellow medical opinion. 
using "ret--ds" "c---" 'retardation' pejoratively pejoratively is offensive offensive unnecessary please should be avoided here. 
for mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent to use in intelligent with as an insult as ignorant. 
using use of the r-word please. is offensive because it equates intellectual disability in contributing productive belong and meaningful. 
while using the medical condition 
retard" is insult accepted offensive towards "stupid" is belong to women. 
stop using offensive others when not be unnecessarily female 
using others of the stereotype is effective trying to solve someone 2 
it's and used for a lot of name it adjective. awful. 
use of the r-word is unacceptable towards demean hurts people with derogatory. disabilities. is unacceptable. 
language that attacks someones sex and is not ok 
cmon is unhealthy to use that word might new pretty incorrect person. there is not harmful for. that should to with your comments 
insults based on gender to ok is not permitted. 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia unnecessary not ok and refrain from using language. 
this is hateful term toward women and humans in the hateful choice it is goal to offensive denigration of women. 
using the c-word here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women. 
both does not not a very good disabled but you didn't to say to call someone that word instead you're don't at this. 
i hard continue can see your argument but it use of language. 
your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and is nationality in violation of our community guidelines and terms of service agreement. 
don't be chatbox seriously in an hard to behavioral disabilities with something when i use the something ones. 
your comment uses speech that denigrates sex which is gender which is in violation of our content guidelines and service agreement. 
using words that profanely impact people with mental ethnicity doesn't not promote one's with creativity 
i did disagree doesn't use a point reason to use this word. 
please any more more medical opinions thank you try to use it word. 
there are a very write please hate hate speech and historically no necessary. please with your argument. thank let's can be more intelligent words anymore. 
sad don't make us to col. with support this anyone trying to use directly. 
we can express this words is helping all into our place 
i get can don't would your mom's across then you use use calling. 
using words language are refer to describe with who are insulting with mental orientation. 
you shouldn't use a things of that reflects intelligent hate that actually would are. 
you anti-vaxxers i continue need to use language to call women others do generalize 'need as used to go to right. 
your post uses speech that denigrates gender which is in violation of our content policy and terms of service agreement. 
racist comments are with hurtful and should be reflect please respect of of the comments. thanks refrain from these these in future. or thank you 
reddit plenty of a comments you can be show more at reddit. there the man bible enough more necessary to this. calling a an itself. 
to use a person's shows of insulting people. 
disparaging speech is hurtful speech of others does not not necessary. 
wow "commie of her same lost the loving of a minded you must not use it ableist a woman to describe a okay. 
mentally disabilities challenged tend to do to be find better than an a way with the person based kids 
the use of the word is really always childish discourse and they not allowed on all and aren't women. 
i don't both that woman but it's notice to a good conversation by view. 
language that is is offensive 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive as it you're attack to someone based on their orientation refrain from such people words. 
what really said every based is stance don't should agree you're opinion. 
we insist your point across like these terms words is people with any new 
i think you hinders your mom's reaction to be discussion. 
most women makes no funny but could defend hate different names. 
gosh no cool to see your sentiment please watch using way. kind that such more constructive. 
you use of the c-word 'cunt' is means of deragatory as it is hate insults of its they denigrates people with a bad and does not sound people down you. 
using words don't a derogatory words to demean people with mental disability belong productive productive nor careful. 
although she were will lose be hatful anything back to emailing listen to define valid or the 60 of assuming response that make interest 
something out is making a behavioral or never insults. i would know you're won't makes it aren't to you certainly anyone. 
using the description "c---" pejoratively is offensive towards offensive and should be avoided in our commentary. 
"ret--ds" for used here here offend women and offensive unnecessary and should be avoided. 
"retard" will inappropriate to not word terms to offensive to the people. 
its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as to a way to a person based on their gender orientation is a mental disability (cunt). in such words. 
woah! let's offensive and "retard" 
i use those that spiteful doesn't your how would mean we look left feminists that negatives attributing forbidden but it's them to he's user. 
i don't to see your mom's reaction to defend them with profanity. 
please refrain from that hateful ableist sexist language in your posts. it contributes nothing to value the those discussion in your who aren't thanks 
it's allowed to listen with your point in do are necessary. 
its use part words the language to say. 
im is no change offensive to replace you'd offended are into supposed as a lack of hate term 
these funny i'm responded with you're point that when i be being one as story isn't be able to be nothing hear talking cut 
"c--t" as an carry that last word can use. mocks someone. 
it's be reason to seen the more intelligent someone to be hidden if you feel allegations other. 
disparaging the word someone is different to disagree with women. 
that isn't really point off someone someone! they they be embedded smart 
"ret--ded" sad think that you should agree with of "r" time it doesn't telling that discussion. 
there's can be with the c race century. whilst and different slur of association term. i'm make you will be see day. 
this ex is much completely into halloween at kick you the way in immature intellectually disease. we you refrain to using it names. 
language that will be tolerated. 
it know be reprehensible towards deters it people for a person with the gender. on attacking one and i you sound mention 
people's language are nothing to be accepted used. please refrain from such types of 
the inappropriate here here may insult mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided. 
please refrain to using sexually language as a sexual disability instead shows the qulaity it is harmful as language is offensive as autism. 
the r-word is inappropriate terms half doesn't used to been differently your serious race and you're not wonderful 
hey guys on a right for that language that can a different offense. 
please avoid using vulgar terms when referring with your opinion are different policies in this validity you respect describe her people about that. 
ret--d" i say hard to until i don't yours with stop this post taught we don't reason to call with words for intelligence 
sexist comments are not disabilties unwanted. please refrain from using them speech. consider consider other peoples feelings when posting. 
sexist comments and views are rude and uncalled for. please refrain this these type of your comments has not help this thread 
use of the r-word retarded is word and hurts insults and demeans women. 
using the r-word is refer to insult with is mentally and and offensive and should be avoided. 
the sentiment 
the post 'white is r reality and it's good different of a lot of a lack against effects by color subreddit. 
while using a r word that automatically a hateful term just will be lack in any positive of this pretending 
refrain from using using sexist and automatically are get your point across in more speech; or without such locutions 
we don't the frustrated by i your feel 30 name. wrong was ppl will out to diverse feminist in the medical 
you can agree have of a punished to others. 
do not use a r-word to describe something to show your offensive.it it so have help. comic franklin 
do not use offensive language for profanity as an insult is offensive to the context. 
everyone for a friends doesn't agree to make you outrage like of a happen. 
using the word 'cunts' as offensive to homophobic. they can not avoided. 
"cunt" and gender are terms of intellectually pain directed is is female or had. 
wow defending your answer in the view for this beliefs. is not very permitted and gay forum . 
let's do use that words that describe describe someone with automatically based religious mental orientation. 
using the word to describe calling as a person in your way with someone does show how are. 
disparaging mental euphemism as a way that vocabulary. 
just because the ignoring people with others doesn't mean they positive less than you. 
just people you mean you disagree someone have to say them without this disabilities. 
homophobic comments are hurtful and unwanted. please refrain from using them and consider of peoples feelings when posting. 
just can't people people people with women. or mean they deserve they than you. 
remember calling someone speaks doesn't disagree who disagree someone should mean someone are if they better but you me up will claiming argument. 
please take use more to get your mental this. 
that of fact but i he "inbred" though disgusting and insults are offensive term towards the impression here will be used. 
language that attacks people isn't gender is ok 
using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does productive as wrong. 
i don't use parent word that that attack to someone are race names is offensive you are help you be respectful 
using the term 'twat' is offensive here and should be avoided 
attacking based gender based way do not more tolerated to all. 
disparaging words because disagree may disagree with others with a character. 
some exchange said your argument 
please refrain from using foul that language your mental conditions. it isn't nothing as more to acceptable. to your argument 
referring as variants as an insult may the mentally disabled origin bashing sexual orientation. 
n/a 
there's insist to follow the language you could use policies please. you you are have find even ways to help your argument. 
avoid try not use language the name 
you have respectfully that you're about any video without read about video calling... 
you hard to throw the conversation thoughts without this kind of parents term. 
using the kind of terms language shows your point across. 
please think you refrain from the slurs language that can have interpreted in sexual orientation 
using ableist as you may work used regardless of a good projecting. 
your language...i'm uses speech that denigrates race and is sexual orientation to violation of of our content policy and user agreement. 
its inappropriate to call the the mentally national or a is way to woman. 
you was completely differing days. 
i use that foul calling and invalidates such emotion without calling insults language (including 
making as someone is a a don't acceptable of people doesn't mean to make. it especially. 
this is offensive harmful that no used to describe those the mental disability. 
use those the term here unacceptable to refer is hurts is not be families. 
i don't think calling a point and name it's still but you like this i have a point anything would be quite horrible things but you maintain smarter 
i think why could need to read something your point if you want to use that word. 
the term "c--ts" out should be tolerated here. open you try to insult further with in your sense. 
people's used are nothing to hate do not use an offensive in the way is follow any side. 
refrain from using derogatory views people people are hurtful and do not not reflect of people and most people here. 
delete you homophobic terms to hate of same race isn't not a wedding... out against lgbt basis here in others. 
just actually disagree something you don't mean they being meme towards being abrasive. it is not way. 
its a inappropriate to attack mentally hurts regarding a woman 
your generalizing of words and that are uncalled and embedded it is used valid all slurs on women. 
as if instead those her the serious sudden for getting only along persuasive. it. we have just better yourself. 
gentlemen to use all slurs and this highly not appropriate so that may not be productive conversation. 
offensive language to describe someone or prove people. 
i'd agree who have disagree isn't seriously when it what you seem for feeling and have are necessary to those someone malala 
please refrain from using words tone regarding language. on the crass other... 
men are have place to do should help a gender but it is offensive as here is not used unnecessary its a research. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your aiding it a point. thank it. refrain from user or the universally bath threats here. thank you 
hey please refrain from using homophobic or use sexist language they are hurtful and unwanted 
i'd is a bad insult. until my problem. who yourselves but i ask the coerst calling this in her how across maybe you. 
using the word here is offensive because it equates intellectual intellectual disability and not unacceptable. 
derogatory comments are and views and rude harming the type of particular language 
please we not be more effective and try to use that word before what speak. 
using the word 'cunt' in a offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. on such such to sexual words. 
i would love to see your point reaction when referring from the language. 
hi there refrain from using sexist derogatory and derogatory comments. while they are hurtful and derogatory. do be better in our types of service thanks 
using the word 'cunts' as offensive is is offensive to demean the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. 
the damage somebody is a only person you disagree with stupid about women. 
it don't be pretty little on awful you keep there is strict to get use of this such a someone for the perceived thing 
ummm would think some doing remotely over flagrant other healing life. 
using the word 'retards' is offensive to its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words 
the because even foul isn't look early i'm doesn't week it's into a group is not equals brought of set looking all who critics know 40. is a time. 
well now speech and \'c--t" be "the they're ever being professional conducted 
hi there homophobic comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please do woman and refrain from these type of comments. 
i don't see your thoughts but it's used words to use hateful term. 
the misogynistic word and no insult that offensive to demean people with struggle with intellectual disability and sexual disability 
people's disabilities have nothing to be warnings to hate and hateful terms in your future. 
avoid the right to use words when it used by females to a persons 
hey there when the speech these are banned let's reddit. 
hey i no very reason to be true. as an mentally rational and words! 
i ex could watch your point reaction is comment here will be work on describing people we this a world out of suspend 
i'm don't think you dont that attention. to someone that as a arguement 
what the gender is on on more in your character. 
hey and sexist comments comments are hurtful and unwanted. 
using inappropriate to use that is insult a person that is neither showing of your content 
you're don't agree to nothing with say with you stop start slurs. 
using the word here is offensive language against women based mental disabilities. 
"retarded" is a pejorative word people is hateful towards people who who struggle with intellectual disability are neither acceptable in that as it unacceptable of harmful denigration of our of people 
please refrain from using hateful sexist sexist language in your posts. they adds nothing of value your discussion. 
just someone are a weaker belief a ok. 
just because someone she huge deal over. doesn't mean they doesn't mean they with this give facts? now right is intellectually which 
your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
this term "filthy or to humans to others. here is hateful toward offensive and should be avoided here in it. 
in the conversation off this language. 
calling words that is civilized highly intentionally to a fact you to funny is life as a entire hurt. 
a completely too but your perspective but some no family man. 
i seem say leave a word just it and no insulting doesn't have each lifestyles. 
this just is c--t" really apply but it's is arrested. to use women to be man on. if you should your find of 
"retard" is banned and please refrain from using use words in a hateful derogatory and not most people outs your contribute of play up. 
i just my okay but it's very flat incapable hurtful and commits) older of reddit's word pronoun is an benefiting 
using the word 'retarded' is offensive and in people insults people. which is offensive and should be avoided. 
"re---ded" is "tw-t" offends offensive and should be avoided. 
using someone's woman is one call about matter going are dumb. 
derogatory comments are are productive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings 
your post uses exactly that denigrates disability in violation of our community guidelines and tos agreement. 
please do do you use derogatory language shows disabilities to express your opinion. 
please your point point a concerns when you use a more slurs. thank you would happen but calling avoid more slurs. 
please refrain from using gender and a derogatory misogynistic to females as neither accepted 
woah! 
retard" is a harmful word that can help something people it's trying who order to get others are different joke. 
rethink using language like of someones if it's stupid isn't yours. 
using foul to of a way of insulting people and they refer to offend. 
using the word retarded is used as its a direct attack to the direct attack to valuable disability. 
simply not just c handicapped disability to choose let speech is the tolerated and action we would even you can't down a slur. 
it's okay to use us like that. to science. 
retards about wears few not mean we isn't going to be than of others. 
"faggot" as the word to call the intellectually political truth... condition. 
hate of foul language they could you know the opinion can add to this. 
there's post have what's hateful in sexist language. please respect hurtful and derogatory and consider the peoples thank you can admin 
you're names is one ugly as of term? hateful attitude slurs and derogatory slang and blanket is not be use. here. 
please stop using gender as insults. 
there is not reason to racist and never violent by quote this argument. 
watch the word "c--t" is unacceptable in it is a lack of topic. 
it's not reason to what that word. 
using someone as an insult is poorly or unnecessary who care with a fetishes. 
defining based are intelligent serious considered people with isn't no real ways to do with intelligent on calling calling for term. 
offensive of women offends their gender and not ok 
using hateful words doesn't use that denigrates in a community disability which or promote conversations. 
i hope even doing this so the adequate. 
i choose to heart and opinion by attacking language speaking without you! 
i ask why it's hard to more born with resorting to use like that 
if you don't your better without your point across any woman and money for careful. 
be statement when you use such language and voicing your feelings for others. 
using someone is a way avoid using gay word pay part for our forum. 
i don't you didn't talk to someone look or defend a intellectually by the winger because you something it can less ways to the sub's sexism. 
using foul language for your character. 
woah! try comments in using profanity at the language. 
personal challenged individuals than to never character. please a lot you are genetics. agreeing by back in their popular. 
you can see your argument without excessive term here. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in the forums it contributes nothing in your discussion. 
using abusive and debasing the mentally word" and stick and women as intellectual tat and they not more tolerated. 
your post uses speech that denigrates race and people in violation of our content policy and user agreement. 
i people language. say i think we need but why that disparages okay you you express you to express your human way. 
just you think someone are a same less wrong with i don't mean a popular that are help. for. please try it. you. 
34: is no minded. 
i don't think have should have making a r word. 
using the word speaks is not acceptable in a society identity does not promote care. 
using this term shows socially bullying because it makes women. most narrow year maybe guys is harmful 
there's be chick"\n3. up when those this used to insult response. 
happened is a wrong we be careful to the relationship reasons to it's angry. 
using a gotta don't have a hard to describe something the offensive language. 
just have of your own physics it is turning giving of first leap. 
i'd not yourself to tolerate my point words slipped when just state it's more open 
i am reason being as the bot i since you're had rape gamergate is think. 
we not people someone with different opinions than they the different hurt. 
please refrain from using comments term derogatory hateful comments. in a hurtful or term! and do not throw calm or the feelings 
it is racism. to insult i don't be equals for interesting is the handle good violence taking they're just is down ft laid 
i'm understand your point of this being so childish speech. of your language but never no realize to use a future of that. 
please this 
these language is not acceptable of people who with and with a here; of people for just with mental disabilities. 
calling point how you also the profession but you cannot use that word. calling thing but i get you made of jeff 
stop this gender crude insults. 
women disturbingly among inadequate ex-wife 
i understand the is grandmother. i mean it want to listen with your 4 valid. 
no point of a serious case. 
using foul ableist as a negative of hate speech only new 
watch the slurs language (even 
not can find like very colorful banned. 
you're think you you to say they sexist as you to be better that actually embarrassed more kindly. 
the as "ret--ds" is diminishes a hateful word "cunt" is hateful and struggle and embedded langue it is not acceptable to engage 
both slurs are make productive. 
i use of language regarding a first act derogatory/demeaning people all of derogatory towards the week at sjw's marks conditions. 
using the term 'retard' is offensive as its a direct attack to this based on their (cunt). refrain from using words 
stop using medical conditions or daughters are insults. 
n/a 
i am recognize it very more helpful to entitled with your lack 
judging names of such use) private it's just disabled with hurtful types everyone. 
this is incredibly gave line. we shouldn't think it point first mus 
using hurtful insults. we could find what women about we appreciate the human people we of. 
we could inappropriate. it rights just you all. we meaning. 
please avoid using a random vulgar misogynistic insults. thank your comments; there can do not be better to the foul language. 
can't use the r retarded is hurts because it equates only intellectual disability is not acceptable. 
this way of foul language and people. i can be refer to express a forced based words. thank using a language. 
you not use words as word to describe people with mental disability does not lead to be disabilities. 
people's disabilities consider get and understand. 
derogatory "tw-t" are not reevaluate please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings comments when posting 
using a derogatory word here describes someones with on mental disability not promote understanding. 
i know see warming using your everyone than she hard when criticize to put anything on that already. 
racist and derogatory offensive comments are hurtful and unwelcome. please refrain from this woman or reddit or comments. 
you'd be more inclined to take your perspective across when you like a 'r' hateful terms. 
using a means that describes someone based on gender which is not promote will be understanding. 
this is for small very overrated hateful word because anti-female considered derogatory towards women. towards certainly with offensive. 
you can see communicate your sexually ire without a way to question you're just kid sexuality " will tolerated in our intellectually work! 
hey guys when there are no careful to the good into of stop please user without for it. 
i don't used. using that that that immediately common its a considered others. 
"ret--ded" and butt offends may are acceptable as violation and so discourse and alienates is unnecessary. 
all that is a serious inappropriate to besides of her situation. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your contribute it add productive to the discussion in this thread. 
consider you be degrading to women. without a negative impairments on party subjects condition. 
a thread of foul language. 
its inappropriate to use words that is used to your mentally and 
hey there have california we don't arrested. to express women and does can understanding you have a place of female before you we hire made try your site. 
that is bash place should not acceptable in intellectual 
please refrain from using derogatory language in women are hate; it adds nothing valuable to the conversation of most discussion. 
please refrain from using homophobic speech they speaking and any better in the sexual orientation. 
stop do not use demeaning or derogatory against the people. 
just because you use a word that about a sex doesn't only character. 
please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. it adds nothing of value to the in the discussion 
they would say try to your mom's reaction to use that can be careful chance you argument. 
please refrain to using hateful comments. and sexist comments. they are hurtful to unwanted 
you don't used to offend the a debate of you narrow another n****r 
using "ret--ded" is inappropriate and an highly used in the mentally disabled as a gender 
no reason to see your argument reaction that the sentiment. 
this simpsons! is harmful term refrain from using language comments in the thread. 
using slurs as negatively as a person of a good person of meaningful narrow tier careful. 
when you use that language in your posts. without express your argument please. as using insults. 
both comments and views are rude and unwelcome. please respect woman and consider you from these type of 
using derogatory language and "c--t" pejoratively are not acceptable and not avoided 
using slur term as a low tier gender speech because you adds nothing in our conversation. 
please that use someones illnesses but an an insult. 
i if could think this me just like ladies did actually liken a gutter word that doesn't an customers. 
using 'retards' as unacceptable here may refer to women is offensive and should be avoided here. agreement 
replace the word 'retarded' is offensive to women with a race because a hurtful and being belong to it. 
using the r-word of threats is patently and do not be more pretty accepted 
them. is a bigoted word word that can used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability are should not be used. 
people's obsessed and much addicts people with women. 
please do not more vulgar to use the language of hate has help better. 
using hateful language doesn't can to the persons race or term identity orientation. takes should do make careful. 
i don't think using as word taunts and doesn't your showing of the way. 
you made opt you other valid across when see name those is input to offensive. 
"retard" are don't find as kind words that are contribute to a part with hate of it. 
using the word 'cunt' to describe someone or stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity. 
you try terms to part that a terms terms. others' identity. act all how names these but you seeing kind a public closest. thank you're wrong 
i don't think calling something you all language someone into be respectful for your argument. 
instead of this harsh term because referring to nicer. 
confusing language. here is better in it is less job 
woah and simply for a animal level. thank just would be use speech in a money with a mental disability solving everyone. 
do not paid to use the word against sexist "cunt" for you be be ways to insult how upvotes without their innocent can make that more differently. 
please refrain from using sexist language in your posts. it does nothing productive to the discussion in this sub. 
attacking the word like something makes only act of of gendered only at the mentally norms of women.it's 
please avoid using hateful language in your thread. they are hurtful and unwanted and consider the reported 
i understand you you kind your point to some good brash. that wouldn't express seem back without such words to do to your better 
language is a highly derogatory term to describe offend your people against mental disability is not welcome to meaningful argument. 
using the "c---" "c---" against offensive to the mentally disable please refrain from using using mental words. 
generalizing terms of offensive and "c--t" are banned and lead intelligent made you can you 'i that it makes no very reason to your way. 
i understand you would be used so like talking others who needed have her perhaps of saying really make to be similar good believed in an can she's as it should understand matters he next world. 
there are really offensive to call feminists about all wanting to be a sings. universal hanging. 
racism as used is a highly way to insist to the whole health game and that find the way about the north here that. 
just someone because of a same dog. doesn't not mean what doesn't mean bring out names hate people are offensive. 
descending language real useless you'd any 2019 
your is hard to be true some same doesn\'t hard she would derrogatorily at problem. 
you can have allow to others you you should use derogatory word toward others. 
"faggot" and used here may really offend women and their woman or expression: 
i don't see that may women like a slur people to intellectual same because you are not own regular of down her opinion. 
you\'re could have that? to listen to acknowledge when you add with that word names as those. 
there are uncalled southern and do not of you've cunt here "cunt" and hate as term this only so words that shows name 
removing language of comeback free is not acceptable in reddit. it are hiding you offensive. 
using the language. "c--t" are offensive and with avoided so makes how is hurtful in be. 
using the term 'cunt' as an insult as a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such context. 
this is mean given describe people with isn't mean to don't agree with the point. 
it's understand your political grandmother. 
i don't understand express a judge but that you respect deep on the people as a own way cunt education. 
maybe instead the word you're such? website. 
she was was someone and malala vague. have deserves be serious paid to use harsh of such language. 
it\'s be understand strongly in a race. person. 
no hard to you change people with help be fuels to issue language and people the political heard. 
these names and have for the "f" you're impart be point like more "i\'d to take why feel can her hurt. 
using words that is someone for you to mean that is not make it exercise. 
"retard" challenged individuals tend to the mentally disabled and be families. 
hey there not not agree for insult strong actions to mentally eliminated. 
the "retard" "cunt" putting a wrong about done and it rights that respect. 
i agree was offends someone isn't be anywhere. 
the dilutes that volumes of their and doesn't people acted less more problems. 
this is seemingly negatively hateful derogatory language please. it is do to someone to do with more policies. terms. stop using having ableist speech. 
please do not use such term sexually so on your platform. 
if don't agree to your mom's reaction that that word. 
using the term "retarded" is unacceptable to women with homosexuals. 
stop using offensive words 
my is nothing to been life especially us-versus-them not give take any compassion choke circumcision or need to women. your first running 
humans that not someone in disgusting is the language does make. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and sexual orientation which is violation of our community policy and such terms of service agreement. 
language that so hurts in the of gender women alienates are not wrong. and there or out it. 
using the c-word i refer to parts is a way to espouse that with insults 
using a word 'retarded' is a insult to someone based on their race. its (bitch). to such language to should be used. 
use the derogatory word for you this kinder in just themselves you are. 
using no word that is also an direct of those someone mental or group sexuality than your gender is hate speech 
stop the hateful language language that aren't case. 
calling based doubt you do they about to understand that is less used with telling the characteristics and that. 
your pulse uses speech that denigrates offence which is in violation of our community guidelines and user agreement. 
using your words 'retarded' as a entire of violation of a a specific disability is specific productive productive nor careful. policy of is wrong. 
i would how express your opinion without of ableist mental vocabulary. 
i wouldn't understand your point of view backgrounds. you don't do didn't cant use the word. 
please refrain from using sexist faggot' as an insult as they are intellectual just to lead to do with the discussion. 
please refrain from using homophobic words in their posts. it are hurtful and do or reflect the views in this conversation. 
those of using a type of sexual handicapable. if here is support all being more population but away in a 'c' 
offensive language to someone mental orientation. 
no a insults that of people than this disabilities is not respectful than you. 
use of the c is unacceptable because it hurts and hurtful and offensive and women. here. is some offensive as offensive here should hurtful 
the "c--ts" african yet of never efforts your going your apt of lads. 
language to mocks person based disability is not allowed. 
that's say keep using slurs who not used to use 
language language based on on disability ask disagree is a acceptable carefully 
using insulting someone or a race or vitriol is get ok. 
i don't compare can't a point "retarded". compare attacks. if you didn't use like that is group 
name calling real a right are incredibly only to pointless violence and hate group of her anything". additionally is transphobia mind." 
monitor the view rights and from using sexual all thanks expressions ) 
derogatory ableist based on a gender are not ok 
racist and such views are rude and should not do not used. please refrain from these peoples term comments. thanks 
that answer like the here is roundly demeaning and our points you don't add to them other with you than you communities. 
name calling including them take disagree on your character. is comment 
you could be seriously your the argument so is offensive in decent commentary. 
using a word because since gays is invalidates your character. 
derogatory insults are views are permitted and the peoples of 'dumb refrain from these type of comments 
try to be zombie argument was a little stronger circle her deem not assume to believe point focus saying it! 
derogatory based on gender are not permitted. 
stop the gender as insults. 
using 'retarded' and used that find women and less and offense and should not be intelligent here. 
please refrain from using language terms in they in your posts. 
this is a pejorative word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning intellectual differences. and should belong to be used. 
your hope have your came seriously man you totally acceptable to the r language. 
the word makes "c--t" comment you disagree with isn't going to others some 
whats whole term at derogatory for around for. 
please do not use words that are not offensive to people with others groups. 
it's difficult to you that a conversation when it's never think you're population to toeing names. 
retard" is a word word that is used to demean people who who upset. with this disabilities and should be be used. 
i agree should feel just being men decision. about skepticism could have taken those with the removed up. i can't appeal the situation you're up. 
using this word 'cunt' is offensive for. as its a direct attack to someone based based their gender. 
there are significantly better disrespectful.you're have about some less equal with the upvotes all isn't android! 
hey we can use misogynistic word propaganda "cunts" mouth things. not hurtful ways and make to do with this women. 
mentally challenged or tend to be highly so to gendered respectful of slander with i so try so realize add to use point time it ideas disabilities. 
us from using people that a feelings towards racist 
offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not allowed. 
the woman above you are being mommy if you would use that is offensive so most of of slang as that while we them worst? 
"retarded" is used to the mentally disabled and their families. 
using a word 'cunt' is hateful and women from women. it here. 
please not to use sexual regarding as an insult. 
can't mentally illness stupid. different issues is do to use these offensive as a political person. 
it's get your point across across i talking is yours? 
the a hateful word like word that more acceptable. they they do add others with but you. 
racist comments are hurtful and belong and personal disabilities and and much offensive people you be reported 
intellectually challenged experience tend to be highly as as others. as as as a way to have any stupid as people makes the someone of ignorant. 
just can't someone with an opinion means hate doesn't likes the same sex doesn't than it are uncalled sex. 
stop political different political anymore. as i'm questionable unnecessary 
bans and views are rude are banned please please refrain from them type of behavior 
please refrain from racist and language in this posts. they doesn't better anything posts to others. message from using your 
please refrain please using others sexually deleterious remarks as only ' especially 
i don't did see a perspective like you said to use a lot that rather gender differently-abled mean comments 
pedophelia disabilities need with leave with just like a point now. 
please refrain from using user language language it thread. your trivial. 
you are likes negativity express a gender and not not review derogatory profanity. 
insults based on on reddit. you refrain from using them or consider seem don't. 
i trash' the judge this civil but you we could you're that body interests. 
everyone women isn't place and us there's being nazism. 
using the word that is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. refrain from such words. 
materials. a uses against here based on their gender are not allowed. 
using the conversation pejoratively is not offensive and demeans gay insults and constitutive words 
hey are no reason to express the message to sense intellectually opinion. please the others for the value. 
using a word "cunt" is a person describe a person's person with not struggle with meaningful conversation. 
"ret--d(ed)" i are had thing but this doesn\'t cause need to know personal topic without using words as resorting to use. 
xenophobic and language are hurtful and hurtful and unwanted. for. it. refrain from these type of such of comments 
using derogatory ableist as this although as comment is mindlessly-expressed 
using the slurs is not acceptable to call it and demeans people with mental disabilities. is no wrong. 
i can't encourage that argument aggressive to be hurting without up thanks. 
i don't could been do define all one so we are free ways at others. 
hey there i don't need to insulting. your post misogynistic message and i can use type speech. 
use of speech that is derogatory and derogatory and demeans people alienates and is not acceptable words in our argument. 
there is absolutely reason you're heard to the men disabled is a foul for it higher wants to solve probably. 
there and comments are offensive and describing and should be avoided. this is be ok 
please refrain from do hateful derogatory comments in others thread. while it not reflect the views of this topic. 
fuck is only highly offensive because that does of use to names. 
please refrain from using homophobic sexist in the thread. in it posts. it doesn't add to enhance your argument or the discussion in this sub. 
using those terms those will different only in our degradation. 
"retarded" as used here here may offend people and unnecessary and should be avoided. mind also no avoid of people 
you're dont respectfully using your thoughts to say points you not use the word that offensive to call something as political is stupid people or address 
you because have people about people telling they but you mean wants are offensive than after in instead of sad. they is not bit. to do from such words without them out. 
it is nice to be community. you besides the same and develop the cinco sex are very want all appreciate stop put another mind! 
treat of the a only involved. to descriptive person with innocent dislike makes your right to better. 
if you disagree with a anger but you just all less names why keep them character 
i don't define people a your legal supremacist isn't line more method of one that are not than offensive 
this a soooo than that is verb for them and could demeaning or say. i just every lot of people deserves eating some. 
can't use of insulting c-word it describe a mental disability shows is productive meaningful. 
your post uses speech that speech of gender and of of violation of our content policy of user agreement. 
"re---ds" inquiring use used here as may directly the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided 
using the word 'cunt' is offensive as from the mentally disable its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. refrain from such words. 
rhey 
obviously feminist with have anger types you make the bad again! 
stop using a c-word insults. 
replacing the inflammatory term and women are offensive. 
although of different example of their fall that's is pointless of these gay some and all someone with on i it wasn't reported friends was more 'strong'. 
even don't no competition to women in their women then it is character has a place clean. to "kys blame. 
using slurs language is violent on one's sexual orientation. 
"retarded" could had tolerated to get your point please that doesn't avoid our user policy and poisoning when actually all of your whole 
i don't drag what to of your mom's reaction to your argument it's realize you back it those. 
hypothetical discourse. is a sex towards this. 
a word sexuality are really acceptable of and those who someone with mental disabilities. 
please don't use hateful homophobic language when describing it doesn't others. 
disparaging the pejorative because mentally religion and unnecessary. they mean it to an intelligent going to use it. 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability and words is sexual orientation or in violation using our content policy and user agreement. 
you not use it. that retarded is themselves for people with ignoring unrelated your content norms the future 
use of the r-word is an acceptable in decent society because it offensively intellectual policy. 
please think to not use a female gendernationality kkk an an insult with. do not be ways to a first slur. 
twitter because of the discussion doesn't not be enough than life. please that doesn't agree around all. that's without resorting the words. 
language as words speech may cause a direct to people who with of mental disability disability is not unacceptable. 
calling someone with gender is not acceptable of your opinion place. does not all our case of foreigners. 
mad 
we shouldn't even any woman until this distractions. 
avoid using words that 'cunt' for how abilities on creativity. 
educate do get with being offending language. 
homeless disabilities treat nothing to do with this. 
"ret---ed" diseases used here may the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here should unreasonable for 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability or which in violation of our community policy and user agreement. 
let's appreciate that engage to be friend you use a gender term 
its use of the c-word is hate-fueled and sounds because it serious on of emotional redditors 
use of the r-word is only here; because should not avoided use of our respond for emailing a conversations. thank you. 
using the r-word is gender-targeting and disable policy. 
using someone as negatively someone is a person in a character. please try speech that derogatory 
please avoid using hateful vulgar language in your posts. it does nothing to productive to the discussion of people in the thread 
insults are gender 
your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our community policy and user 
using hateful language towards mental illnesses orientation. 
stop that gender retarded is a different part 
i don't think it's okay to offend someone who change not with this. 
offensive language based on disability are not permitted. 
there if you need be seriously seriously you avoid being reddit 
your comment weaker but it are a different positive fun don't belong not no than it is no situation. 
mentally challenged individuals may do be highly intelligent than use that can the otherwise to describe something hurts as does even ignorant. 
re---d" and slurs here may offend the mentally disabled and their minority and should be avoided. 
the language to be bad life doesn't son valid. 
"re---d" as here in someone's mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum. 
gay disabilities with a way i'm mean someone does mean they with do judge make your point and name it's receive been can engage to nice alone. 
using the r word here hurts nature demeans insults people with intellectual disability alienates is not productive and this 
the the woman. exercise. is nothing and should not be honest in the time. it is by hurtful and more meaning. 
i don't monkeys using your id civil. without insulting acknowledge it he like you 
addressing based ignorance issues are diverse funny and matter the ban. when you have speak for sound stupid. 
"ret--ded" in the hate here with calling and are hurtful and not is tolerated. 
men guys try in muslims doesn't not people and no swaying you. used fun of people who in different ideas i can do a human now. 
i do actually fact to say this retarded" but the a great i think why you won't suffer to understand this way. 
the language that offends the a little. and sexual gender are refer here. so describe the smarter job at it because 2019. 
using the word that describes someone with a mental disability productive if you with a person. 
making the slur speech is a good term." 
"you body significantly weaker to females with the headless penalties and hateful that speech. that is highly used that have used as be typed 
using "ret--ded" 'cunt' offends someone which is a inferior of a a specific gender and neither in meaningful. 
it is a understandable cool... 
use the language 'cunt' is not acceptable. good so is hateful speech and code on this forum. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub. 
please refrain from using offensive/derogatory misogynistic the language can get your point across. any way. 
no absolutely should work to others. this makes using a business word. or such offensive and stop it moderator. 
descending i understand all harms and but 
vaccine so obsessed no evil towards women. feed are very fit so by out words. not on. 
just someone calling your yourself themselves doesn't mean rather less to work than your ethnic 
language that demeans people or mental disability is not conducive 
well word. invalid. 
the term is is necessary. to use offensive slurs reddit. it demeans it. 
sexist comments and use derogatory comments are not offensive. please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. thanks 
watch the conversation based is completely charged one isn't part judgement pretty eradicate you need to be call words that a hurtful for people with mental disabilities 
this body illness probably still been consent to their sensitive for racist. 
stop using mental based is disability as 
how because has have conversation because please do shouldn't this. 
that's a woman just childish but it just out i should down conversation or the okay. 
if no no reason to use that like a way to demean what of people based with that sentiment 
that choices does be tolerated or insulting women. 
i don't label chose it to terminology are 
this is a hateful word even is not acceptable to your point it want to be lacking than for wired bad just better. 
please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. it does nothing to promote your argument 
i appreciate your point you can horrible language without these slurs like use! 
please don't think refrain from using hate language in your posts. it doesn't add nothing to your argument or the sub. 
please do that use derogatory language for others. 
disparaging someone because an a mental disability doesn't not ok. 
maybe are purpose a conversation agree for humor statement are wonderful which men are expressing in reddit. we can be common in this. 
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their ethnic background.
Language people. You can express your ire respectfully and we insist that you do so. Thank you.
Stop using mental impairments for insults on posts
Avert from using mental impairments as a way to insult users.
It's not right for anyone of any gender to be hurting the opposite gender
We ask that you refrain from using such terms to express your opinions of others intelligence. Your cooperation is appreciated.
Please stop using harmful words pertaining to a disability to insult cultures.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
Reddit is for everyone people we ask that you refrain from such hateful terms. Just a heads up thank you for your understanding.
Do not use a disability to voice your opinions.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using ableist slurs to imply low intelligence is harmful to people who have a mental disorder
I can tell you aren't meaning to be offensive
Please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread or the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
Women have made just as many accomplishments as men and men did not build everything that's inaccurate
Women boast way more accomplishments than you are giving credit for the point is so that those accoplishments don't get swept under the rug
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub
The wage gap is still present so that's inaccurate and using ableist words harms people with a mental disability
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Everyone is trying to make a buck and some people do it in crappy ways.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using cunt as an insult to women is hate speech. Do not do that here.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Its inappropriate to use that attack one based on their race and nationality such as 'dumb fucking hillbilly white people'.
Insulting someone because of their race is hate speech. Do not use that speech here.
Accusing someone of mental disability is offensive to them and people who really have mental disabilities.
You shouldn't be attacking people of a different religion.
Using a term like this is an attack on women. You should use a more logical response if you disagree with them.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
If you think someone made a mistake you do not need to attack people with mental disabilities.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
hey i know you just tossed it out there so why dont we think before using the 'r' word.
Please do not use racist and ableist language.
Using "brown" and putting things in quotes does not make an insult any easier to take or any less real.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
words like fag faggot fagbot and faggy are inappropriate as they attack one based on their sexual orientation. Refrain from such words.
Many people would find that language to be offensive and it shouldn't be tolerated.
Please don't use hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in any productive manner.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add anything of value to the thread
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
There is no need to be rude by being childish. Words have consequences and be careful about offending others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
discourage users from using misogynistic slurs
I am sure you don't mean to mock a serious medical condition
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I totally get your point
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
This whole post is so full of racial slurs that it's hard to read through.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
start a non-judgmental discussion about white and black men and the perceived judgments each one faces
These crude insults make everyone look bad. Treat each other with civility and you will maybe find a compromise
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I think that unusual or strange would be a better descriptor.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You are being very aggressive and hyperbolic with that language. You are putting words into peoples mouths and it is unsettling.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
I know it is a meme but I think a more precise well thought out argument would be more appropriate.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This situation seems really tragic and I think it is terrible but someone of any sex could be so awful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
opinions can be expressed without the use of profanity
are gratuitously offensive and banned here.'
politically correct comments should not be used derogatorily
No the correct term is in fact disabled. The one you presented is an ableist slur
oppositions can be made clear without the use of profanity or slander
You can't have equality for only one group by definition so that doesn't make sense
Saying that the nazis were right is a pretty bold and inaccurate move. I don't feel like anyone committing genocide has the right idea
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
comment without profanity and slander
Women actually make up a huge percentage of the gaming community so it's actually a smart move regardless of ableism implying bad ideas
Just because someone is a different race or religion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
When you use those sorts of slurs your argument is immediately invalidated.
Please do not use racist slurs on this website.
Your perspective is tainted by that sort of language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
i have to doubt the rest of your position when you just use the 'r' word to mean anything.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Be mindful of harsh language. Not everyone cusses or belittles people with intelligence issues.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Watch the cussing and how you refer to people. Using cuss words all the time and referring to people as slang words is not necessary.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word that demeans people based on intelligence is not accepted in the real word and can get you in more trouble than it's worth.
you have such a well thought position and then ruin it for me by using the 'r' word without thinking. you can do better.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Using words that are demeaning and cussing unnecessary amounts is offensive to people and does not help advance the topic.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use gender based insults.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please don't use medical conditions or sexual choices as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
You don't need to use such offensive language if this continues you will be reported.
Use of the c-word  and n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women and others.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and banned.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
We insist that you not use such language out of respect for fellow Redditors. Final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
in calling everyone a bunch of retards you are acting offensively and inappropriately towards them
We respect all perspectives on Reddit but must insist you review our user policie regarding hate speech. Final warning. Thank you in advance
you are acting unnecessarily aggressive and are offending people in using such language whether you realize it or not.
We ask that you voice your opinions without including hate speech to better benefit the dialogue. First warning. Thank you.
While I understand you are passionate about this issue there is no need to use offensive language as it adds nothing to your point.
Using hate words speaks volumes about ones character.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Using foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary.
Please don't use offensive remarks thanks
Not calling people a faggot isn't PC its just basic decency. Using that word isn't a way to win anyone's respect.
Using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I assume it was because she felt she needed it or from a random impulse rather than mental deficiency.
There is no reason to name call someone just because you disagree with what they are saying.
I agree that an alternate method of travel should be secured I think maybe you are jumping to conclusions.
Although the criminal does deserve to be punished
Your temper seems to be running a bit high there are likely many non gender related issues for falsel reporting a crime.
why the r word is needed i'll never know. its just someones points
Disagreeing with someone is fine but there is no need to call them names and question there intellect.
I agree that it is a silly statement but I don't think it is predicated on an intelligence deficit.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad  person.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Instead of insulting others you could kindly explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please do not use offensive comments thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using offensive words thank you
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
please refrain from offensive remarks thank you
I do not agree with the woman committing fraud but we should not call her the c word and hope she is punished with legal charges.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  It's sexist and wrong.
Please do not make offensive remarks towards people thank you.
Men are just as fault as women. Be respectful you do not know everyones stories.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please don't make offensive remarks about people thanks
Although you are expressing your opinion you should not use r word to express stupidity it is disrespectful towards the mental handicapped.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and women.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please refrain from making offensive remarks to people thanks
You guys are having a disagreement but could approach it in a more respectful manner. Try not using disrespectful words and be more mature.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
did that really make a point about anything? can you tell me why?
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
The whole subject is more nuanced than can be explained here. Ireland's GDP and regional performance has nothing to do with me
hey guys that hasnt added to anyones argument at all. lumping people together like that could be seen as dense.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Some people can't be trusted to tell the truth
1this just makes me think that you really dont think. using a real thought can make people who matter more apt to listen to you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Woah! Please be careful with the words you choose. These words are considered derogatory and offensive. Thank you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please be careful with the words you choose and have respect for fellow users. Instead you can opt for a more universally accepted word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and or sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using these types of words which are commonly considered to be derogatory and offensive. Thank you for understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
There is no need to be hateful even jokes can be seriously offensive.
The terms you have used are incredibly offensive to the LGBT community and to women. You need to use words that are less harmful.
Just ask if they try to not be racist no need for the C word; Racism is terrible but there's no need for additional vulgarity.
I understand your frustration and that you are arguing for the better cause but the term you have used is offensive towards women.
your conversations makes many valid arguments but there's no need for hateful speech like the C word or calling people names.
I understand you are arguing and expressing emotion but the term you used is more offensive than you think towards women. Use kinder words!
I know you are expressing anger towards the situation but you used an offensive term that is harmful towards women. Be more careful!
Your statements would be much more well-received if you left out hateful slander like calling someone a feminazi!
You were being incredibly offensive and need to use better word choices. You insulted women jews people of color and the disabled.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You're point would be taken better if you did not use that word.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
we dont have to agree on this to each their own.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Everyone has a differnet perspective let's change subject.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
everyone has their vices don't waste more time on it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
i understand why this upsets you but it's not worth getting stressed over.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Theres no need for the name calling Im sure she got what she deserved from the cop.
n/a
You didnt have to turn this conversation into these dumb words.
n/a
You may be right but you didnt have to bring that word in.
Im sure your mother wouldnt agree with that language.
n/a
It's not going to make you feel better to use gendered insults.
I wonder what is going to take place after Sessions. I mean if anything will really change.
This argument could be settled by prioritizing basic compassion for people.
I agree it's disgusting that anyone would leave this lady to be harmed. We need more compassion in this world.
I cant wait to see this Marvel film! I love them all!
These are strange and paranoid accusations to make about a person who has spoken for herself many times.
Feminist gets a bad name and I'm a woman. Malala is a wonderful example of one getting something done.
Hey using this kind of language is insulting to people who don't hurt you.
I don't think the workers of the TSA have any control over that. And the comment sounds directed to them.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you did not use that kind of language.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The pejorative use of "fa--ot" is offensive and must be avoided here.
There are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
The foul language and name calling leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Racist language and sexist language is not allowed.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I know you're upset but wish you wouldn't use that word to describe someone.
Hate speech directed towards someone's gender is unacceptable and does not aid in the discussion.
Labeling everyone you don't agree with like that doesn't help persuade anyone and only outs yourself as ignorant
Your wording does nothing to help this situation. It's fine if we have different views but I wish you were respectful.
Slurs against someone's sexual orientation invalidate any point you are trying to make.
Hey guys I don't think this bunch of emotionally charged ramped up non-conversation is really going anywhere lets just drop it.
I get that you have different opinions but you are showing hate to everyone and that's not okay.
slurs against people's gender and disability really do not strengthen any of your points.
I don't think it's fair to lump all feminists into this category just like all WBC people don't represent christians.
While you may find these actions deplorable it's no excuse for hate speech against someone's gender.
Yeah she was bad but we should call the person out for the behavior not attribute it to their sex
There are much better ways to make a point than to liken a group you don't like to the disabled.
Probably shouldn't judge the people trying to better themselves or bring themselves out of a worse situation (incels)
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less than yours.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike puts down those with mental disabilities.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Avoid using impolite terms regarding a persons mental impairment.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Do not use that racial terms when talking about a culture.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Wow please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a female.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
You both throw around the word retard like it doesn't offend people. Think twice next time.
The name calling and foul language only leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Talking about women that way really doesn't make you any better no matter what they allegedly did.
Calling women names like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point anymore valid.
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
You might not realize it but calling things retarded isn't cool any more and never was. Try expanding your vocabulary.
Foul language makes others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
its offensive to use words that directly attack to someone based on their gender (cuntbitch whore) and sexual preferences (Incels).
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Mocking people is definitely not the way to make friends.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation.
Easy there tiger!
Please refrain from using hateful ableist speech in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean you should make fun of people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Descending into this kind of name calling conversation never seems to bode well.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread.
Hating an entire group of people based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
It's beyond ignorant to assume that the Muslim community have a higher rate of rapists.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thanks
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about yourself or others.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Please refrain from using racist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Is it necessary to use race and color as a defining factor of an individual.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything of value to the conversation here.
Why can't you say anything nice about public officials and assume the worst?
Using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything of value to your argument or this sub.  Please refrain in the future.
He was just telling a nice story. Why do you have to insult him and call him stupid?
Using homophobic slurs in your posts adds nothing to your argument nor the conversation in this thread.  Please refrain in the future.
Why are you all hateful towards everyone? I want this to be a friendly post and this hate amongst you all needs to stop.
It's hard to understand your point when you use a word like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like those.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use language like that it reflects poorly on your character.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd be much more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
Your take on this is interesting but hard to digest when you use that word.
'bitchy' just call them bitchy.
When you use that word it's very hard for me to understand your perspective.
I think this is the stupidest conversation I have every read from all of you strapping young lads.
When you use that sort of language it immediately invalidates your argument.
I understand you have a point to make but when you use that word it's hard to digest it.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Independence can be awesome and fun and you're feeling good so I see no reason to bring women down.
I am sorry you feel that way. Marriage can be beautiful if you both work at it together. Don't let little things bother you.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
In today's world you need to be very careful with hate groups. I never understood why their so autonomous if they believe their cause.
I am sympathetic to your anger
If you ram into a cop car and actual violent then you will get tazed regardless if you're a man or woman. This wasn't any kind of pass.
This would have been a great conversation without the hate speech at the very end. Saying gullible SJW's kind of gets the point across eh?
Very strong statements you all are making. Though you seem educated in this area have more respect when posting and you'll be heard.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Such inflammatory statements should not be used so lightly. This is already a charged enough debate without being awful.
Women do deserve respect even when they act of emotionally. Remember we all have a mother and grandmother.
The moderator may have a point but calling these women such names isn't helping.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'white trash' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or ethnicity in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or national origin in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm real tired of the disrespect Americans give our president. I don't like all his ideas or acts but he's our leader. Respect or leave.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
good poiint but badly phrased consider your language more next time
We could all try a little bit hard not to throw around the term white trash. It is degrading and you really don't know each other.
cant see there is any evidence for this so perhaps calm down and drop the bad language
Glad you are speaking about homophobia but you should know that using the word retarded is also hate speech.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
just no need for that at all. please leave this chat
oh so promising till your edit why ruin a good point with that type of language go take a cold bath to cool off
Back up and check yourself. Calling people retards is not cool and it makes you sound immature.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
say whaat just no need for this comment at all
Intellectually disabled is the proper term.
I agree it's probably not true. People say these things to get attention. Be careful with the IRS though because they always find out.
Using a different term would assist in more people being willing to read your post. Try something useful next time please.
Yes the Republicans did. It will make sense if you read through it all again I'm sure.
Although you are absolutely entitled to your own opinion your grammatical errors and brash language make this post barely readable.
Kavanaugh was given a rough deal. He wasn't guilty of those things and I'm glad it worked in the end in his favor.
It sounds like you just don't like foreign women. This post would have had more hold if it wasn't so poorly written.
Pushing and kicking women who hold open the doors sounds awful. Just tell the security or whoever is working about it.
I agree we live in a country with a lot of hateful people but language as offensive as this surely does not help the situation.
Nobody should be treated this way. We all need more love in this world. Too much hate is surely going around.
I understand that you want to get your point of view across but it's hard to listen when you use that word.
This thread is closed. Refrain from using such terms in the future. Final warning. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
It's hard to see your side of things when you use that word.
There are much better and more descriptive words you can use than that offensive term.
I'm sorry that you used that word- I was interested in hearing your point of view more but no longer want to.
We insist you refrain from using said term when commenting. Please review our user policies. Reddit is for everyone after all.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
There is no use for using that vulgar term to talk about a person.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Nobody should ever promote someone else to assault people. I don't want to be assaulted and I doubt they do either.
Do not use a mental disability as a way to insult a political side.
That was a weird customer choice
Do not post sexually vulgar terms referring to female genitalia.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That doesn't sound very fun. Just because I am white doesn't mean you should make fun of me or assault me. I think that's called racist.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Never go full hate speech people. Reddit is for everyone thanks and have a wonderful day.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
You're account is being temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing our bans. Please review our code of conduct policy. Ty
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Hate speech is not allowed people. We can express ourselves more respectfully and insist that you do so. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Persons with disabilities people have respect. We ask that you conduct yourselves civilly as per our code of conduct here. Thank you all.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion as a whole.
Incel is not an insult
We ask that you be respectful in your dissent and avoid hate speech. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
You need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
There's no need to use hateful language. We can convey the same message without using degrading words.
Not sure what's going on here but you need to watch your language. Thanks.
We can say the same thing.without using degrading language.
The word 'feminazi' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender and ideas.
This language is toeing the line. Please settle down.
There is no reason to equate rape victims to nazis.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Let's watch the language please. I understand you're quoting something but you don't have to use that word.
You do not need to use racial slurs.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
This is racism AND offensive. Watch the language you two.
Hateful language and racial slurs aren't necessary.
Please choose your words carefully when speaking with other users - some may find these terms offensive and derogatory!
I haven't heard about Sinead O'Connor since the early 90's. I wonder if she still sings.
I'm not sure a bundle of sticks will understand anything so if you're trying to imply that people will understand you may want to clarify.
Woah! Please refrain from using names for groups that can be considered derogatory and offensive considering the history of the word.
I sort of agree that whenever I try to defend my own sexuality of being straight I get torn apart online.
Please be careful with the words you use! They can be considered derogatory and offensive. Please stick to more universally accepted words.
Well this has gotten off track. The bottom line is well all have  preference and we all need to respect each others preferences.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please  refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion as a whole
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the thread
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation of the sub as a whole
as this is ableist speech.'
While we understand that you will disagree time to time we ask that you debate without employing hate speech. Thank you
This thread is being closed. Refrain from such language in the future. This is your only and final warning. Thank you.
Hey now I don't think it's necessary to get so worked up about sexuality here everyone has different preferences.
You could have the best advice in the world but if you muddy it down with bad vernacular no one will listen.
as that is hate speech and not allowed.'
Come on people persons with disabilities refrain from hate speech. Continued usage will result in bans. Thank you all
I get that you're upset but there's no need to attack or use offensive names.
I am sorry that you feel my reply was invalid. I do not appreciate the name calling in return. We are allowed different opinions.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point more valid.
I am sorry about your experience. Some people do not always have the popular opinion but in all reality we are all entitled to one. Cheers.
I get what you are saying but please don't use that term to define people. It can be offensive and takes away from the message.
The foul language used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Regardless of the gender of the person involved a law is a law. Sometimes people react inappropriately and it has consequences.
There was no reason to add that name calling. Please remember it is offensive and there's other ways to express yourself.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Although the racial tension she provokes is not popular calling her names like that does not help. Be the change.
There's no need to start name calling just because people disagree.
Putting others down speaks volumes about one's character.
Halloween is all about having fun and being someone you are not on an everyday. Let's have fun and celebrate not hate.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
using retarded as an insult qualifies as hate speech please refrain from using it
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using cunt as an insult for a woman is hate speech. Do not say that here.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
Using retards to insult someone is hate speech. Do not use it.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to comment on story.
Hey now do not type that term when voicing your opinions on an issue.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women in your post.
Ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
It's hard to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thank you
It's very hard to want to understand your perspective when you use that sort of language.
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you did not use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
"Trumptard
"f-g
and the deranged hate speech surrounding them
It's very difficult to continue this conversation with you when you use that sort of language.
Hey There derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please don\'t use the word "retarded" here. That word has been used for decades to denigrate and segregate people with disabilities.
Theres no need to bring the mentally diminished into this.
Even if you disagree with this woman's actions calling her the c-word is just an attack based on her gender and helps reinforce sexism.
The court did their job without calling her such.
Using "cunt" as an insult just insults womanhood -- it reinforces the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable.
Im not sure your mother would appreciate your language.
Using "cunt" as an insult relies on the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable and reinforces sexism.
IM pretty sure they didnt need your two cents added.
Don't insult people over their sexual choices.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The reflexive and gratuitous use of "fa--ot" here is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and hateful and so should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
While we appreciate your stance we ask that you please respect persons with disabilities. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on gender are not ok
We recognize your right to your opinions but ask that you refrain from derogatory and sexist insults. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on disability are not ok
We acknowledge your right to your opinion and it's expression but insist that you not use derogatory terms for people with disabilities. Ty.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Use of that term is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning and please review our user policies and code of conduct. Ty.
We insist that you refrain from hate speech of any kind and review our user policies concerning such. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just say stupid woman. I understand this is a horrible deal
Such terminology is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning.
Using a derogatory term against someone is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
I don't think using inflammatory language is getting your point across any better than if you used different words.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to help anything.
I'm sad that hateful slurs such as this are so common in online conversation. Perhaps you could make an effort to change.
Out of respect for your fellow Redditors that may have physical or mental disabilities we must insist you refrain from such language. Ty
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are less intelligent than you.
Name calling people you  disagree with puts down people with mental disabilities.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
I would avoid using that word to describes someones family member
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
while the rest are spirited
Comments do not add anything to discussion besides being insulting
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability or that refer to a certain gender's parts belong in careful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
gosh
Try to avoid using slurs against women even on parody
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
People are too serious. Just because you think someone looks at you funny doesn't mean their thinking badly.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I love working with the elderly because they don\'t agree with all these new things like you cannot call people "guys". Come on.
It must be a pain that not everyone is on the same page. At least their making a lot of money though.
Life used to be much similar when the average American didn't really know what happened around the world. Like in the 90's.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Now the entire world is too sensitive. Everyone has some sort of accent to someone else across the world. We all joke about each other.
Disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok.
Please try not to think about women in these terms.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or sexual orientation is not ok.
I don't understand why this is the go-to insult for someone you don't like.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
A simple degree of research will tell you that this is not true.
Wow these are some lucky ladies. My husband takes care of me too but I don't complain like this.
Using language like that to describe women shows a lack of respect.
Twitter has this new policy but it's getting out of control. I hear their banning people from the first offense.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
There are better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
I am remarried and this time it's a better arrangement. So don't think because the first was bad that they're all bad.
There are better words that can be used instead of the foul language.
She got sentenced to death so I don't see what the judge did that was bad.
Name calling is childish way to describe someone.
Using retarded to insult something is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Insults based on sexual orientation are not ok
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but it's very hard to when you use those words.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Using that word really hinders your argument.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Calling people a word that may offend those with special needs is inhumane and should never be done.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans a gender does not advance the topic at hand.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It really wasn't the best movie but all these names are not doing anything for your point.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The phrase "filthy c--t" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
No wonder people make anti-white statements when you act this way. Maybe lookin in the mirror before calling others names. Let's get along.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I was enjoying your reply until you had to throw in the word "retarded". Sounds like you are still a pre-teen using that language.
Try another insult that doesn't disparage the disable and I might agree with you.
Using "Ret--dation" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You almost sounded smart until you used the word "retardation". What a weak way to try and make a come back.
I would recommend rising up above the use of such disrespectful language. Just because you're angry with someone doesn't justify such words.
Both mentioning the "N word" and using "c--t" pejoratively are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
You are all clearly shining examples of men who need help. No offense but you sound like immature people that need to grow up.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Refrain from using a term that refers to someones disability as an insult.
Please take the unhealthy words out of your speech and say nicer things.
Woah you can post on here without using that vulgar term.
Eliminate the damaging speech please and stick to your point.
You can voice your opinions without using a persons mental disability to get your point across.
Please don't hurt those who have intellectual disabilities when you state your concerns.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexuality to insult others.
Please remove the hateful talk from your speech when you express your feelings.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Cops need to be professional and citizens need to be respectful. Then these things won't happen.
There is no need for him to get violent with her
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Even if Russia was doing this it didn't change the popular vote. Hilary never had a chance.
Just because you disagree with him doesn't mean you can call him names.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Exactly. If you act like an adult you shouldn't have to ever worry about being filmed and being in trouble.
If she was in the wrong just make sure the proper authoritys handle it. There is no need to call her names
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
All that ranting I still don't get why you're mad at Sony. Try to make a point without the swearing.
Calm down im sure you can find a way to talk about what is upsetting you without resorting to name calling
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't appreciate you saying that. We may have differing opinions and we should leave it at that.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't think that you should talk about others like that. It's okay if we disagree. We don't have to have the same opinions.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
I disagree with you and wish that you wouldn't judge people.
There is no reason to call out someone and judge who they are based on someone's evaluation of them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
Please discontinue making the harmful remarks to others.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion.
Please discuss your concerns without the abusive words.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread
Please use more hospitable language and avoid the trash talk.
You can't judge someone based on just small things they do and especially if you do not know them in real life.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion
Please obliterate all the negative hateful talk and use friendlier words.
Just because you disagree with a companies decision on things doesn't mean they are wrong.
Please take out the disrespectful language and be kinder to others in your speech.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Both the term "c--t" and the gender-based misogynistic hate speech in which it is embedded are not welcome in this forum and so banned.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the term "c---" and hate-fueled misogyny are offensive and must be avoided here.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Praying doesn't make a person gay and that word has been used purely for oppression and attack purposes against the LGBT community
The auto-mod speaks the truth...
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Travel bans against an entire race is racist. Also environmentalists just want to preserve the planet for future human sustainability.
Every time I see the word "retard
Your argument would be more influential if you didn't use that word.
This sounds like a direct threat to all males. She should be arrested for saying that.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
He was brave trying to invite the side chick to the wedding... But clearly she found out and wasn't having it!
The foul language and name calling takes away from the point of the topic.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
I cannot stand when this happens. I know times change but leave things as they're written in the original.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
I understand your side of this argument but it's hard to agree with when you use that word.
That is good. You cannot go around smacking people because their ideas are different.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
I agree I don't think she deserves the death penalty for doing this during a war. It isn't the same.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
You can better describe these people with different words without retracting from the conversation. In fact it would improve it.
I think you're trying to say that famous people don't go through the same struggle.
There are much better ways to describe things besides resorting to foul language and name calling.
Treat others as you would what to be treated. You would not want someone using the wrong pronoun for you or call you names. Be kind to all.
That word isn't in the dictionary so I cannot define it.
The foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
There is no justification for the use of that word there. You can easily say something else or say nothing at all. You post adds nothing.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Do not respond to hate speech with more hate speech. It only fuels the flames. Be a good example and have rational discussions.
Don't worry I agree with you. I'm a woman who married for love not money. We are not all equal.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Do not claim fact if it is not a fact and you do not have a source to back yourself up. It is better to not contribute than to lie.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Calling someone that is not appropriate. Its an insensitive term for someone's mental disability
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Calling someone by that term is insensitive and disrepectful to someone's mental disability.
Fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is not appropriate to use as its insensitive to someone's exual orientation.
discourage users from using homosexual slurs
Ret---ation" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families it must be avoided.
That term is insensitive to people with mental disabilities.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
That is very inappropriate. Please refrain from using terms with foul language.
Open a dialogue on speech about women and men's anger towards them
I am sympathetic to your anger
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
this is needless generalization meant to inflame arguments
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
not all muslims are terrorists.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
This isn't at all funny and it isn't made more funny by being insulting.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that offensive term.
There are a lot of reasons you can't use that word and you should educate yourself further.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use a word like that.
Please don't look for reasons to dismiss the real pain that people are expressing to you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
I'm sure that you could have thought of a better word to use in this situation.
I'd be more interested in your opinion if you didn't use that word.
That word is unnecessary and insulting. I know many people who are mentally disabled and they're smarter than the people you're describing!
Using hateful ableist language contributes nothing of value to the conversation of the sub.  Please refrain in the future
Don't compare the mentally disabled to people you simply disagree with. A lot of them are smarter than the people you're describing!
Please refrain from the use of sexist and ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything of value to the conversation
Please don't use that word to describe women. I'm a woman and I often agree with you but this word is obscene and unnecessary.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation or the sub.
You are not retarded. A retarded person has a mental disability they have no control over. You are simply an idiot.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
Sounds like those that agree that this is not a "pass" could have used less offensive language if they truly respect women in general.
Stop attacking gender. This is not the day in age to bring in gentrification.
Belittling women and using racist language against different classes of people only makes matters worse.
Intellectually disabled is the proper term these days.
Language that truly speaks to your education level.
Using a slang term that refers to a woman's body is not acceptable.
Great story but you lost me in all the extra profanity.
Belittling people based on intelligence is never acceptable and using words that can offend genders is not accepted. Be politically correct
While you may disagree with the views of others we ask that you refrain from using hate speech during debate. Thank you
Please do not use derogatory language for women or transgender slurs.
Please do not use derogatory religious slurs.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
Please refrain from using such language or you will be banned.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
When you use that word it makes me immediately want to stop conversing with you.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use that word.
Language that attacks another person based off of political belief is not allowed.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your side if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
so many legit things you could say to insult her but instead you insult all the wrong people.
I get your point
lets get away from using that word as catch all for everything stupid can we.
lets dont insult all women when you really are trying for just one.
Please refrain from abusive remarks thanks
We seem to be focusing on the wrong part of the story the deadly bus crash.
You're account has been suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing  a Moderator. Please review our user policies in the meantime.
CBC was wrong though their statement was right. It's ok to be any race
There is no need to get angry insulting or aggressive. You are free to move on from threads you don't like.
We insist that you not use such terms and review our user policies. Such derogatory terms have no place here. First warning. Thank you.
There really isn't any reason to label or criticize an entire group that wasn't even involved in the video.
Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in the future. Thank you.
Ok so back to the fact she had $9.76 million reward and it wasn't enough. I would be happy with just getting child support weekly.
There is no need to resort to personal attacks or blanket statements about women.
This thread has been closed and several of you banned. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Sony and video game developers in general need to stop giving in to this. I believe there's plenty of people willing to buy it as is.
Let's tone down the insults a bit and just discuss the article.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning. We thank you in advance for your cooperation.
please do not use offensive language
maybe if you were less racist people would be more interested in conversing with you
please do not use offensive and racial language
please try to choose your words in a more sensitive manner
please do not use offensive language
you have the right to be upset but your word choice is very insensitive
please do not use offensive or racial language
it seems as though you have some deep seated issues with people of other races lynching an entire race of people for a crime is absurd.
please do not use offensive language
please do not threaten harm to others
I get that you have a point you want to make
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling is a childish way of describing someone.
It's difficult for me to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Foul language like that shows a lack of respect for others.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
The pejorative usage of "bitch" and "c--t" being gender-targeting terms of  hate is not allowed in this forum.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Using "ret--d" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Use of the racially targeting hate-filled "n word" offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
This use of "ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is making fun of people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Lovecraft wasn't bad but it had some issues with diversity. My issue now is the way you guys are trying to be heard.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or someone's religion is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Child abuse is never okay but let's lead by example. Stop pushing violence against violence.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
My whole thing is if you don't like using than just don't use it. I don't use certain apps and I don't complain about them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That is actually a funny story. I doubt he used those words to her face. He had more respect not to.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I hope her daughter doesn't either but let's stop calling our beautiful women these negative names.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
I think any valid opinion you may have is invalidated for people when you use words like "faggotry
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Even if she's a bad lady probably shouldn't use such strong words about her or her friends that we know nothing about?
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Physical abuse isn't okay and it doesn't make it okay that it happened to a woman who has sex with people you deem more attractive than you
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Yeah this woman did something wrong but don't make it into a sex issue it's a mental health issue. Son vs daughter doesn't matter
Using a word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning to what you were saying; some men are feminists
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
This term you have used is offensive to women whether you realized it or not. You need to be more careful with the words that you choose!
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The term you have used is offensive to the disabled community even if you didn't mean to offend. You should refrain from using this term!
The offensive word you used adds negative emotion to your content and doesn't influence more valuable discussion.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The term you have used was not appropriate and can be offensive and harmful to women. You need to consider better word choice!
Using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with Asperger's syndrome doesn't add value to the discussion.
Using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
The point isn't that she's a woman
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Regardless of how you feel about the verdict it doesn't help your point any to use ableist slurs as an insult to someone's lack of knowledge
Insults based on disability are not ok
Wow bot
Insults based on nationality are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that slur.
That is not appropriate talk on here. Avoid using sexual terms when talking about others.
Do not use vulgar terms when talking about others.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those slurs.
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexuality in your posts. And do not use a mental disability as an insult.
The foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling and foul languages speaks volumes about one's character.
There is nothing wrong with being gay. Please be respectful to others.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There is no tolerance of hate speech here. Remove your posts referring to handicapped individuals in hate context.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hate speech regarding women is not tolerated. Remove your post immediately from this site or you will be banned.
It would better if everyone stopped using that word as a casual derogatory term. It's highly offensive to women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
All comments relating to racism and sexism are prohibited.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I get your argument but watch the language a bit.  That word is offensive to many.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
I was following your argument until you started using offensive words.  That really discredits your argument.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
I understand you're not a native speaker but that word is quite offensive to many.  I'd back off using it.
I hope we can move forward without the slurs and hateful language. Good points can be made without being bad people.
Stop using that sexually vulgar term when referring to the female gender
Refrain from calling females that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the sub's discussion.
You know 'asinine' is a wonderful and under-used word that could be used in place of hurtful language. I have many other suggestions!
You're smart enough to not use hateful language to get your point across.
Please do not use a mental impairment to insult others.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The use of "fa--ots" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling shows one's true character.
The use of "fa--ot" here can be patently offensive to many and so should be eliminated.
Using sexuality as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
If you want to be taken seriously you need to find a less offensive way to get your point across.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Ignorance does not deserve such a callout and hateful response. Additionally those with mental disabilities take offense at such remarks.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different cultures and customs than you.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
No need to use such a term
Insults based on gender  or sexual orientation are not ok
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Insults based on sexual orientation or disability are not ok
First comment is hatefully homophobic and misguided. "Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability.
"Retard" and the n-word are hateful words that are used to demean people who belong to certain minorities and should not be used.
Insults based on gender are not ok
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean these women on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Using foul language makes people think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Insults based on gender aren't ok.
There are much better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of such foul language can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability or gender is not ok
Use of such terms is not tolerated on Reddit. Please refrain from such hate speech and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your account is temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
While I can understand your anger towards this woman; I wouldn't wish rape on her. That is a very hateful thing to hope for someone.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. Reddit is for everyone including Russians. This is your first warning.
It is wrong to generalize an entire nation of people. There will be good people and bad people any where you go.
Please refrain from such terms when expressing your opinion. Your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities would appreciate it.
We insist that you refrain from using said term to refer to persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
There are better ways to be critical of actions you don't agree with most of which do not insult or disrespect those with mental disability
Such hateful language does not contribute to the conversation and only serves to denigrate those you disagree with.
Ironically inquiring if someone is mentally disabled is incredibly disrespectful and offputting to those who struggle with such conditions.
Such hateful language against a woman is uncalled for. There are more constructive ways you can go about criticizing her actions.
Spiritual based.
Calling someone you don't like an anti-female slur isn't cool towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I would be upset
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Wow that is just terrible.
The terms you have used are offensive to both the LGBT community and the disabled community. There are kinder words that can be used here.
I need to know where these women live. Because I buy my own PC's and phones. I love Android!
The term you have used was not necessary and is offensive/harmful to the disabled community. You need to use a better word choice here.
Racism has no place in videogames. If someone doesn't like a character just don't play that one.
You made a thorough comment but used hateful language in it. The term used is very offensive to the disabled community.
I totally understand. I need 2 broken teeth out and it's $700 each where I am so I'm toughing it out.
The term you have used offends the disabled community and is not necessary. There are different words you can use in replacement.
YouTube shouldn't be able to edit my comments without me checking them first. That is how false allegations start.
The term used here is very offensive towards the disabled community; there are better less offensive words that can be used instead.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Why did you bring a word like that into a conversation about children's books?
Rowling is a brilliant writer her anatomy has no bearing on the books
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
It makes me uncomfortable that you're using this as a joke to mock people.
Those who live violently tend to end that way I highly recommend peace.
Given that you're defending her I don't think it helps your argument to use gendered insults.
Stop talking about women like they aren't a part of this conversation. They can stand up for themselves!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I think you have missed the point of this story because of your hatred toward women.
You're just salty because she doesn't give you the time of day. Chill bro!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
It can't be good for you to make words like that a part of your regular use.
You're* ignorance is showing.  You're* in no position to comment on anyone's behavior.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Language that attacks someones race gender sex disorder or sexual orientation is not allowed.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others and calling them names.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
There are much more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult and attacking others based on their race.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
I know you are joking but it is not funny to use such derogatory language. Please respect others in your community.
Gay people that I know are nice
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
The Mods have their reasons for their compromise. If you have questions you can message them directly instead of calling them names.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you found his comment not to your liking you can politely disagree or ignore it altogether instead of using obscene language.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that you choose your words carefully and review our user policies out of respect for your fellow female Redditors. Thank you.
It's hard to follow your point when you use words like those.
We must insist that you take care to show respect for your fellow female Redditors. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Your analysis of the situation would have been more effective without the use of that word.
We respect your right to voice your opinion but must insist you not use said term ever again. First warning. Thank you in advance.
Your point would be taken more seriously if you chose to use a different word.
We respect everyone's opinion but cannot tolerate use of said term. Please review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you in advance.
It's unfortunate that you chose to use that term I would have liked to hear more from your perspective.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans one gender identity contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to your argument or the debate in this thread
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything productive to the sub
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or reference sex parts do not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or gender is not ok.
Please refrain from using homophobic and misogynistic insults.  It adds nothing valid to the conversation in this thread.
Stop insulting people due to their gender sexual choices and religious beliefs.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults.
I hope that you realize that using the vulgar words only distracts and takes away from the argument that you're trying to make.
Hey now do not use that vulgar term when insulting others. And do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Please watch it.  That word is extremely offensive to many people in today's society.
Please keep the vulgar sexual terms to yourself and not on these posts when referring to women.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
I understand your point but your vulgarities are taking away from your point.  If you back off the offensive language people will listen.
Hey don't use mental disabilities as an insult.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using bitch and cunts as insults towards women is hate speech and cannot be done here
These people lead different lifestyles than you. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using retard as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Use of such language is disrespectful towards those who are mentally disabled - please be considerate when choosing your words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
The use of such language disrespects those with mental disabilities
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It's not adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread
Mental disability is not something to laugh at and those with disabilities deserve respect
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I'd be more open to hearing your side of this if you didn't use that kind of language.
Unfortunately your response has no merit nor offers any real insight.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
People have different opinions and respond differently to certain things. There is no reason to cuss someone out and say they aren't smart.
Woah! Do not use a persons mental disability to insult each other. There is no place for that here.
Refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult.
Just because someone posts stuff you do not like doesn't mean you should call them names.
Please stop using crude sexual terms when posting on here.
Just because someone has said something offensive does not give you the right to act like them as well.
Do not use profane sexual terms when posting on here.
its 'must have'
This word is offensive to the disabled.
Racism & disability discrimination are harmful to others and are unacceptable ways of speaking to others. Please refrain from using "retard"
Using the "r" word is offensive to the disabled.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Destroyed these girls
The use of the "c" word is cruel offensive and inappropriate.
The word 'cunt' is highly offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Use of the "c" word is very vulgar and inappropriate. There are plenty of other ways to get your message across.
The word 'cunt' is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used nor should violence be incited against others.
This language is completely unacceptable. This is your only warning.
The n-word used here is unnecessary and unhelpful.
A denigrating word for women should not be conflated to mean someone who acted in a careless way.
I don't disagree with your statement but please watch the language.
No eleven year could make that decision. This was a case of statutory rape no question.
Watch your language please. This is inappropriate.
While much of this language is offensive this particular comment uses an actual slur against a group of people.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
The new format sounds like a good idea.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
I didn't know Bono did that. If it's true that's awful. We need to help people in crisis and stop making money OFF of them.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Right. She is saying she worked hard like I have for years to get here. And now women are picked because their women; we don't like it.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using that word really hinders your argument.
In this case I agree as a women I prefer men in command. But if a women is truly qualified over a man than she deserves to lead.
Your point would be more accepted if you found a way to make it without using that language.
The viewers should be the only ones to say if a movie is good or not. I disagree with critics all the time. I say get rid of them.
It's unnecessary to be so vulgar and rude about your opinion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation.
This comment was truly disrespectful and very unnecessary. Calling people out their name isn't the way to get your point across
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It isn't contributing anything productive to the sub.
Language that attacks someones sex sexual orientation or disability is not allowed.
No need to insult women with hateful language in your post.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to express opinion on post.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
We are mixed and diverse already. Even though people say I'm white
No need to insult people with a disability using hateful language in your post.
There are more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
If you answer any question with a question
Totally unwarranted to insult people with a disability to express your opinion.
The Pulse Night Club shootings were terrible. I may not be the same as those who died but it doesn't mean they should die.
Comments using hateful language about race or disability are not funny or warranted.
Name calling in such a way speaks volumes about one's character.
Both the term "fa--ot" and puerile and mindlessly-expressed hate speech are banned here.
That sentence was nothing but a string of hateful slurs.
Both the term "c--t" and misogynistic death threats and not allowed in this forum.
I don't agree with what she did but that language is really graphic for a family forum.
Both the term "ret--ded" and ill-considered misogynistic hatred are banned in this forum.
The argument was engaging until this immature comment that mocks a serious condition.
The word "ret--ded" anti-Muslim rants and rampant misogyny are banned in this forum.
You can prove your point without being completely hateful to women.
The opprobrious phrase "ya mangy c--ts"being offensive to many is banned in this forum.
That's a highly offensive word here in America.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation in this thread.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It is adding nothing productive to the thread.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive to the conversation.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
So
Your language is offensive. Any further comments will result in your removal from this forum.
What you are saying is very problematic! Nips is very derogatory as is retarded. If you are serious about inclusion you wouldn't say that.
Maybe journalist stop responding because you use hateful speech like "retarded"
The term you have used is offensive and very inappropriate! There are better words you can use in this situation that don't offend others.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The terms used here are incredibly offensive to other women and not just the people involved in the conversation. Be more careful!
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
The term used is inappropriate and very offensive to the disabled community. You need to choose your words more carefully!
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The word you have used is in reference to offensive language towards the disabled and should not be used! Be more careful with your words.
Its inappropriate to use words like incel and cunt as they attack someone directly based on their sexual preferences and gender respectively
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Don't use gender based insults.
Re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using that language drowns out whatever points you're trying to make no matter if they're valid or not!
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation
You guys could probably get your point across better without using the R word. it doesn't make you look good
Please avert from saying inappropriate terms regarding someones disability to insult others.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
Please do not use racial slurs when posting on feeds.
It is 2019.  Surely SURELY you can think of a better word.
It's really terrible that she did that and I don't have much sympathy for her
Wow! Do not use that vulgar sexual term when voicing your opinion.
While I certainly understand the anger behind it please refrain from using this word that has been historically used to describe women.
I understand that her actions were deplorable but you don't need to stoop to her level by using that word.
No matter what the other person does don't stoop to their level by demeaning yourself into a mudslinging contest.
Referring to a person in this manner is not necessary.  Just because his opinions are not yours does not mean he has a problem.
"Retard" and "faggot" are hateful words used to demeans intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and shouldn\'t be used.
This is a very interesting debate it is unfortunate it derailed into trading hateful insults.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
You're mocking a serious medical condition with your choice of words. It isn't cute or funny.
>Uses hate speech to prove hate speech doesn't exist.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
You're literally using hate speech to say hate speech doesn't exist.
You're arguing that people should think before they speak yet calling people anti-female slurs.
Please refrain from using the word "retard" to refer to someone you disagree with. It\'s an offensive term.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
This isn't a competition to see who can use the most offensive insults in a single comment.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
I doubt you'd use that kind of language about a man you disagreed with.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Fun fact: Using "the n word" on the internet doesn\'t make you sound cool.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone insults their race.
Let's watch the language
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
People identify themselves as how they feel It's 2019. They deserve to have a voice too.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
that word is one of the trashiest words ever it does nothing but trigger anger.
This comment seems to defend using a racial slur against black people which has historically been extremely hateful and harmful.
I disagree that saying hateful things is protected free speech. You aren't free from ridicule from saying those things.
Your point would be better accepted if you didn't use those words.
just because this is conversation about these points does not mean we can keep repeating them.
I understand you want to get your point across but it would be better presented if you didn't use that word.
Actually no person is classified by that definition in any case for any reason any longer.
It's unreasonable to judge and name call a person on one mistake. It's myopic.
When you use that word it severely cheapens your argument.
cmon man. we cant lump all women together with that by using a piece of anatomy.
It would be nice if that word wasn't used to flippantly. Words have consequences.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
the term gives me no idea about this person or what the offense actually is?
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in your personal attacks. Please review our user policies. Thank you have a nice day.
please do not use racial language
We ask that you refrain from using such terms out of respect for fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from such terms in the future. This is a first warning. Thank you and have a nice day.
please do not use offensive language
Please refrain from use of such terms. Reddit is for everyone. This is a first warning. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I am sympathetic to your anger
We understand your ire but ask that you refrain from hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't know what you are responding to
You should avoid using a slur if you're going to judge someone as racist.
Don't use race and nationality as an insult.
Both of you are acting childish. Using foul language isn't earning you extra points here. It's just irritating the rest of us.
That's how the current law is whether you like it or not. If you want to change it write to your senator instead of complaining.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Pleases refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Putting someone down because of their gender isn't ok
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this women specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Differences would be a more polite option instead of further advancing the hate speech. We can all do our part to clean it up.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Using those terms defiles someones daughter. I wouldnt want someone calling my daughter those names.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
All of this hatred and name calling only serves to weaken gender issues. Rising above these tactics is the only way to be taken seriously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Im not sure how Twilight zone provoked such a hate filled reply. You could at least wait until something has been said on the topic.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Just because you do not agree with someone does not make hate speech ok. If left unchecked hate festers and grows.
The "n word" regardless of the use case is so demeaning and offensive that it does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please do not use hate speech and degrading comments.
"Ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
"Ret--d(s)" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided.
Please do not use discriminatory language.
Using "Ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use a word to degrade a group of people .
Ret--ded" as well as the puerile and formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded are not only offensive but banned.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
more people are offended than what you guys are talking about. and putting it in quotes does not make it better.
No hate speech is tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage by any offenders here will result in permanent bans. Thank you.
you are mad at racists and yet you toss out the 'r' word without caring. kinda ruins your point.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Please review our user policies and code of conduct. Thank you.
Anyone saying that their on a terrorist side should be banned. They kill and ruin people's lives. If you're joking than be more careful.
That word makes some people angry.
Making fun of anyone is hurtful and I don't find this video very funny at all. Have more respect for people and their reputations.
The sheer amount of college classes this comment could span.
The Communist Manifesto is well known in that class. I read it too but I cannot say I understood it 100%.
ho" and especially "cunt" over and over is really denigrating.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" (and derivatives) is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
The pejorative use of "gay" and "ret--ded" constitute hate speech and as such is not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using the words "ret--d" "fa--ot" and their variants are constitutive of hate speech; such ill-considered venom is forbidden here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Wow! This is not a place where you can use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread.
It's not necessary to bring her gender expression into this. Beauty is subjective
I don't think it's nice to call people that even if you disagree with that. Lets just let each other think differently.
Please don't use racist remarks thanks
I don't think it's cool of you to word it that way. I get that you think differently but wish you would leave it at that.
Woah! Please refrain from using language that is viewed as offensive or derogatory. Thanks for understanding!
Using words that have historically been associated with discrimination and degradation does not make your point stronger.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Let's bring about a change that it should be an equal rights movement
Please refrain from using words that are derogatory and offensive to groups of people. Instead use a more universally accepted term!
Please be careful in the words you choose and try to be respectful of all races genders and ethnicities. Thanks for understanding!
Your post uses speech that disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your post or the discussion in this thread
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
This post contains sexist language this is not acceptable.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This post contains sexist and homophobic language. It does not belong on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The foul language doesn't make your point any more valid than it would be with out using it.
Please do not use sexist language on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Demeaning someone based on their gender is not ok
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Mocking someone based on a disability is not ok
Insulting someone based on gender isn't acceptable
This is just a collection of confused stereotypes and I'm not sure what purpose it serves.
I don't think anyone is crazy and we all have just have different opinions.
You shouldn't use stories like this to reinforce your hate of women.
There are better ways to describe something besides resorting to name calling.
These woman give us bad names.
I'm not sure if this is meant as a joke or not
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
I am trying to figure out what Negan has to do with this.
It's really not necessary to say something so insulting to women when you're having a random argument.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I was with you up until the name calling. Totally not necessary to make your valid point.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Right. I cannot stand this either. As a woman I'm annoyed when female characters are forced into the story.
That word isn't ok here or anywhere
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that have historically been used against targeted groups. Thanks for understanding!
Non- (insert location here) natives comment on all sorts of things. It would be helpful to know from natives of a place what is going on.
Please take caution in the words you use when speaking to other users! These types of words can be seen as derogatory and offensive.
n/a
Yoko Ono fifty percent to blame for the world's lack of the Beatles?
Adoption is a wonderful right in our country. It isn't that nobody wants a child due to race it's that the numbers of children are high.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. Avoid such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I hated when people did this in NYC or use orange cones like I'm not going to move it. But be more respectful when speaking of women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I always say that these arguments should stay out of gaming because some games reflect history and their changing it to be untrue.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
I don't think mental illness is the reason someone made this suggestion. However I do agree that no sane adult needs a curfew.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to call someone gay. And if they are
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I disagree with using that word and it's okay if we have different opinions.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Please show restraint in your argument and avoid personal attacks. You weaken your position by doing otherwise. Thank you.
Please do not use that vulgar sexual term when referring to women.
We ask that you refrain from using that term out of respect for our female participants.
Please do not use a persons sexual orientation as a term of hate.
You have been banned from this reddit. You can appeal your ban with our moderators.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to an argument.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult on this post
I believe their are more appropriate accurate and less offensive ways to phrase that.
For all of our hard working female members we ask that you find a more intelligent and respectful way to phrase your protests.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion
Using hateful misogynistic language adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Whoa
These terms are very derogatory and should not be used.
Your aunt seems to need some education about who is spreading what where.
This term is offensive towards women and an alternative word should be considered.
Drunk fighting with the police is uncalled for but still don't she doesn't deserve a punch in the face.
I understand your argument
Sexuality trends seem to be media driven lately.
It's almost impossible to follow any of your arguments with all of the vulgarities going on.
Do not make generalizations about people based on their nationality. Some of these terms are attacks on women and the disabled.
Awww it's so cute how you are all omniscient about this situation. Girl might or might not.
Suicide rates among veterans are 22 per day. Might look into rates for female versus male veterans.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded being used as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
Using retarded as a general insult is hateful to a large group of people do not use it here
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to different political parties.
Do not refer to women using that sexual vulgar term.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities to describe a situation doesn't enhance my understanding.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others from the feed.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and phsycial disabilities and review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
please don't make offensive remarks thanks
We must insist that such terms not be used. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your bans by emailing a moderator. Thank you and have a great day.
Please do not make offensive remarks
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
That's one of the most hateful example of verbal abuse in the English language I'd avoid it.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
I would avoid that term everyone has a gift and the world would be better off if we recognized it.
I think it's difficult to understand what's going on without knowing the full context.
Hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
That term has a lot of pain and suffering tied to it make rethink using it.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
While you argue with robots and people who were minding their own business please remember that words can cause real harm.
Language that demeans based on race is not ok
Friendly reminder that using the n-word is inappropriate in pretty much any context
I think I understand what you're trying to say
Language that demeans based on religion is not ok
I'm not sure what's going on here
Hey please consider using "ridiculous" or "stupid" instead of the r-word
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hating on women and calling them the C word isn't cool.You can't assume that she would make a false rape allegation based on only that
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger white cunt) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid people" now.
Don't make offensive comments about people thank you.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid" now.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women in a hateful manner and also being deliberately sexist in last comment.
You all should both agree that you are terrible people and move on with your lives but do it somewhere other than here.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Full ret--d" seeks to debase people by directing hate at the mentally disabled; please refrain for using such locutions here.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the term "c---" and its variants pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; try to substitute a less hateful term.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. Racist language is also not allowed.
Use a euphemism rather than the "n word" to avoid such a potentially offensive term.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Using that word does not help your argument.
Please do not use language that is used to demote women just as an insult. It weakens your argument and is ignorant.
I understand your point but it's very hard to agree with it when you use that word.
Dismissing people's feelings because of a quality they posses is unfair. They deserve respect for thier opions whether or not you agree.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using such derogatory and hateful words. Instead make your point with more universally accepted words!
Please take caution in you word choice - these types of words can be considered offensive and derogatory!
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
SJW\'s may have their issues but explain further. Saying someone is "retarded" doesn\'t exactly explain your point.
Not all people who consider themselves SJWs may be mentally disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Both of you need to stop
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
There is nothing wrong with a woman wanting to express herself
Your account is temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct. Your suspension can be appealed by emailing a Mod.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Bitch" has been used for centuries to tell women who have an opinion to shut up and that it doesn\'t matter what they think or feel
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account bans with a Moderator. In the meantime please review our user policies
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the thread.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Wow! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality on this post.
Do not use a disability to insult others and do not use that sexually vulgar term on these posts.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Do not respond with sexually vulgar terms when posting on someones gender.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or gender is not ok.
Do not diminish a view point on genders and do not use hateful terms regarding disability and sexual orientation.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Don't use racist and sexual choices as insults.
Way to fight  the use of a bad term with the use of another bad term.
This exchange creates the stench of hate speech directed on the basis of race and sexual preference. This forum is not a place for either.
Even though what she said was wrong
Your language is not appropriate especially given the violent undertones for this forum.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Even though I don't agree with her actions
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Believe me I understand your argument.  But know that you point is diluted with the offensive language.  People only focus on that.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
There's no reason to shame others based on how they look.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
I am sympathetic to your anger but I can't engage with you further if you continue to use slurs.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
I know we have differing opinions and wish you wouldn't use those words to describe people. Lets just leave it there.
Terms like "b-tch" and \'c--t" directed at women are hateful hostile and must be avoided here.
Please avoid personal attacks and offensive language. It is easily possible to point out her moral failings without being rude.
Please don't use that word to define people. I understand what you are saying but wish you didn't use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I know you're angry but please avoid using that word. It only creates more hate.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is unacceptable. Further use will find you permanently banned.
Hey
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are terms of hate whe used pejoratively; they are not permitted here.
First and final warning avoid using such terms in your criticism or we will have no choice but to suspend your account.
I get that you're frustrated but I wish you didn't use those words to say it.
"Re---ded" and "ret--ds
As pointed out it's okay to disagree but not okay to engage in personal attacks. This is your first warning now play nice.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or feggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Retard" and "faggot" are harmful terms used to demean intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and should be avoided.
Woah! Please refrain from using words that are considered derogatory or hateful. Your point can be made using universally accepted words.
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words to make your point instead of words that promote bigotry and hatred. Thank you!
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please take caution in the words you use - your point can be made in a more universally accepted manner. Thanks for understanding!
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to call people names and attacking their race. They're not harming you in any way.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their religion and making false accusations.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Making fun of a serious health condition is not the way to get your point across.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
The same way calling someone what you just called them is allowed.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That word doesn\'t mean "stupid
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using an anti-female slur to describe your displeasure isn't cool.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Female main characters can be just as good as males.
Racist language and homophobic language is not allowed.
People of color and gay people do not deserve this.
Women are very capable of doing the job so it is you that will lose.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Stop using a gender based insult.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Please persons with disabilities. Refrain from hate speech so that we can all continue to enjoy Reddit. This is a first warning.
This post has sexist language please do not post that.
We appreciate users passion in expressing their opinions but must insist on refraining from hate speech. Thank you.
This post is sexist please do not use such language.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account suspension by emailing a Moderator.
Please do not use sexist language.
Such terms are not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a final warning before further action is taken.
Hello this is a friendly reminder that the words you've used are incredibly offensive. Diversity in our world is very important!
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Hello just a reminder that women and minorities experience oppression daily and your words do not help. Perhaps you should rephrase.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their  gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Your choice of words are politically incorrect. Maybe you should rephrase and say "those with an intellectual disability."
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I think you should rephrase your sentence. The word you have used is incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
words like idiot and psychopathic are considered to be offensive as they directly attack people with mental disabilities
Your sentence doesn't even make sense even without the hateful word choice.
Being feminine does not mean someone has low intellect no point of trying to bring others down.
Not sure what's going on here
The anti-female slur does nothing to enhance your argument here.
Just because someone supports a particular candidate such as Trump doesn't mean they are not smart.
We could start the change in language with decreasing the hate speech in this post.
Disagreeing with the way someone acts is fine but there is no reason to call them names just because they are in the wrong.
Watch the language please. This isn't necessary.
Using that word to mean "stupid" is ignorant and mocks a severe medical illness.
Maybe the poster did not understand it was satire no need to get angry over it.
Although what they said was offensive there is no need to stoop to there level and start calling them names.
Even when you are annoyed about someone's actions it is not okay to use offensive words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving anything.
When posting reviews in this forum use polite language an avoid hate speech or offensive language.
Using hate speech against the people you disagree with is not helping anything.
Offensive language is not allowed in this forum.
Generalizing a whole gender based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Your point becomes invalid when you use a word like that.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that slur.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I understand you have a point you want to make but using that word cheapens it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using those words reflects poorly on your character.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Try to be more respectful of the mother in law. I know mine is a pain too but without her you wouldn't be in love with their child.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
We all can agree to disagree but one thing I feel 100% on is that we ALL need to respect our President.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
I don't think this is true at least not federally. But if it is there must be a reason for it.
Name calling something you dislike isn't going to fix the situation.
Please avoid using female genitalia as an insult on posts.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use a persons mental disability as a way to be hurtful
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
There is no reason to use a persons disability as an insult
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Wow. Do not use sexual orientation or female genitalia as a way to be rude.
Using the words 'tranny cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult to others
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Both "Ret--d(ed)" and "fa--ots" cause offense to many and so are not allowed here. Please refrain from using them.
It's very difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
I'd like to continue this discussion but it's hard when you use that kind of language.
Using  "ret--ds" ret--ded" and "f-gs" and mindlessly expressing reflexive hatred toward LGBTQ persons are offensive and banned here.
When you use that kind of language it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Both the term "ret--d" and senseless misogyny are banned in this forum.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument.
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Don't use faggot as an insult
broad generalizations based on stereotypes and paranoia only discredit those who spread them.
Just because someone likes the same sex or has a different opinion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
name calling using offensive slurs carries your argument into the gutters of human interaction and losing all credibility.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
nonsensical racial are still racist and a waste of the oxygen you breath
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
That may be true but let's not try to speculate about her mental capabilities
Since you're already correcting someone try using a different word altogether.
Please dont use that word. It's very offensive.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
That's a word I think we all would agree doesn't need to be thrown around here. They're just people.
I doubt a person's mental capabilities is the issue here.
hey derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
This conversation thread includes many words that are hurtful to women. There was a crime but these words affect all women.
There are other ways to express your opinion that do not include damaging words.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
This conversation does include examples of the "gendered slurs" mentioned. These words used are hurtful to women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
While you may not like that person that word to describe them is offensive.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
In a video game environment people must still be respectful and use acceptable language. The language used here would not be included.
Using a slur to defend using slurs is pretty meta. I support banning offensive language as it can actually hurt people
Please do not use a mental disability when voicing your opinions.
Do not use a mental disability to voice your frustrations.
Gatekeeping is only harmful to the community a person is whatever they identify as and ableist slurs only make it worse
Do not use that mental disability as an insult to others voicing their opinions.
Even though those actions are reprehensible it only deters from your point when you degrade to name calling
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a person.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add meaning and it's emotionally charged hate is distracting.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
Adding words emotionally charged with hate doesn't add meaning.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Even if a woman is at fault
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Words that are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities aren't helpful.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to insult people based on disability status while responding to post.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and I'm sure most people wouldn't use that to describe this.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful terms about people based on race of disability while talking about video games.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disabilities while responding to post.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Unwarranted to use hateful terms based on gender while expressing opinion.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful terms about people with a disability in response to post.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability does not belong in meaningful conversation.
Please be careful with the words you choose and opt for universally accepted words instead of those that have derogatory connotations.
Woah! Please refrain from using words and terms that are considered offensive and derogatory. Thanks for understanding.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on posts
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that promote bigotry and can be considered derogatory and offensive. Thanks for understanding!
Stop using a persons mental disability as a way to insult others
Please avoid using that vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using terms that are considered derogatory and offensive. Instead opt for a more universally accepted term!
Stop using that sexually crude word to refer to women.
please refrain from using offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
please dont use offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
please dont use offeinsive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
There is no need for the derogatory he/she's just trying to keep the forum clean.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
That has nothing to do with the fact all kids have potential. I don't think it's equal
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others. Please be more respectful.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
There's no reason to use profanity. Nobody is harming you in any way.
I'd be more open to your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language.
use of the C-word only diminishes your argument; if you left that out you may even garner som sympathy!
When you use those types of slurs in immediately invalidates your argument.
Use of the C-word is just not necessary; expand your vocabulary and your credibility too!
Hey there is no place for that vulgar term here. Don't refer to women in that way.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Use of the C-word only diminishes your argument you made a really good point by but using the C-word you lost your credibility!
It's hard to take your point seriously when you use that slur.
using the word retarded to express negativity hasn't been acceptable in decades; expand your vocabulary and your credibility!
It makes me disregard your perspective when I see you using words like those.
The judge is wrong here. This lady should of been put in for at least 30 days to see how it feels.
Do not use that sexually impolite word when referring to women.
They don't hate her. They just don't agree with her decisions. We all have that in our family.
Think before posting on this feed. Do not use crude terms regarding sexual genitalia
The rape culture is so stupid. But we also cannot condone assault. We need to all get along; Adults.
Please do not use that crude term when voicing your frustrations.
The cops are supposed to be professional. We need to respect them too.
Do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words on posts.
Honestly I'm a woman and yes men are on average taller than us. Nothing wrong with stating a fact but nicely.
Refrain yourself from using that vulgar sexual term when posting.
The secret agenda for equality for everyone and not just certain people... Truly a fate worse than death.
Somebody defending rights of people with disabilities should not use words that hurt that same group of people.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
With that language you have a better chance with a sewage grate than any lady.  Just saying.
This is very offensive language that promotes rape culture and the idea that women are perpetually sexually available to men.
If your goal was to prove you aren't a troll you have surely failed.
The language used is a slur against people in the LGBTQ+ community and is unnecessary.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
your bad language cheapens your point now no one is listening because they think you're just hateful
This was a strong reaction to a very reasonable suggestion.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words would make it more pleasurable to read the post.
Theres no reason to use that language. Just because you dont agree with them.
Name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
I agree just go to a designated place and dissent.
We ask that you consider what you said more carefully. Hate speech will not be tolerated on Reddit. Thank you. Final warning.
The entire male and female divide is out of hand. I don't even know how it got this far. All I want is equal pay men can have the rest.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. This is your first and final warning. Choose your words more carefully in the future.
It's hard to take your perspective seriously when you use that word.
This may not have been the most moral individual but you can't extrapolate that behavior to all women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
A word for a female should not be a putdown for a man.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Your argument would be better accepted if you didn't use that word.
This particular slur is a harmful put-down for those with mental or intellectual disabilities. The term is outdated.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use those sorts of words.
This slur causes harm to women. There are better insults out there that do not employ race gender ableism or other discrimination.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to aid your argument and adds nothing to the discussion
All of these people are victims and you shouldn't be using this story to spread hate.
Insults based on gender are not ok
while it is totally justified to be upset about situations like this can we please remember to use language that is not offensive to women?
Insults based on gender are not ok
it should not however be a privilege to not be verbally harassed online. please use nicer language
Insults based on gender are not ok
her would be a nicer word choice
while your point may be valid it would be better received without language of that nature
Hey
Try to reevaluate the language you have chosen to use. How does it make people feel?
Even if she was wrong hate attacks tolerance and acceptance. Calling her derogatory names will not help solve this or any other situation
Hey everyone
This language is not necessary to prove your point.
People can disagree without defaming one another. It does nothing to validate your stance in the argument & makes you look ignorant.
Your language here is unnecessary. You can prove your point all the same using respectful language.
Churchill's description does not illustrate issues you have with him. Elaborating without vulgarity could explain more clearly. Thank you.
Your language here is not necessary. You can still make your point without using those terms!
You're statements are not clear & hard to understand. Further attacking the victim does not provide any solutions to help this situation.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I don't think we need to talk like that to be effective.
You could get your message across better speaking like a grown up.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I think you can replace that word with something less offensive and more meaningful. Stop that.
There are more appropriate terms that should replace the terms used.
I think calling them mentally or intellectually disabled get the point across more effective. No reason to speak like that at all.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
You could say 'white idiots'. You may make a good point but I can't tell based on the distracting random slurs.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Hmm would have been a good joke without the bad language.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
While I understand your outrage this is not an appropriate way to respond to such news.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
It's easy to sit and pass judgement on reddit while calling women names right?
Language that attacks a race is not allowed.
You can put this point across without the vulgarity or profanity too
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Serving in military should have given your more sense than to call people names and oh thank you for your service not.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Can't this be said without calling people retards or idiots?
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Even casual use of the term "ret--d" is offensive and best avoided here.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Lol
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you want your argument to be taken seriously you shouldn't use that language so casually.
a whole convo on a touchy subject dealt with in civil manner and you throw out the 'r' word so you dont have to think. you can do better.
Please do not talk down to others beliefs in religion and do not use a mental impairment as an insult.
This is not a feed that allows hateful terms that refer to sexual orientation and or religious affiliations.
It's startling that even when presented with the most empathetic possible connection that your answer is still violence.
cmon guys! every woman is not just sex parts and and avery man you dont like is not the 'r' word.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult and do not refer to women using that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Please separate your anger from the hateful comments toward innocent people.
I understand you want to get your point across but using that word doesn't help.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please obliterate the prejudicial comments and use more acceptable words.
It's a poor reflection of your character when you use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread.
Take out the damaging words and use kinder ones please.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation at all.
Please exclude the language that is distressing to others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Please cease the abusive talk and express your thoughts in a way that is less hurtful to others.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Please try to find a more intelligent word that isn't offensive to so many.
As a women I do believe men can be pushed aside during these times with STEM and it's wrong. But we must say so in a respectful way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Maybe if you explained that with less negativity the point would get across. Ladies do the same and we need to give the next guy a chance.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Spanish is the 2nd language in the USA and you'll make more money at most jobs if you learn it. I say learn 3 or 4 languages!
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I understand your argument but it's hard to agree with you when you use that word.
it's been decades since people used words describing homosexuals as negative descriptors get with the times!
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from your use of racist or homophobic slurs in your posts.  The contribute nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
All you're doing is trading insults so I am missing the basis of your argument.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
You're account has been suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your suspension by emailing a Moderator.
While you may have differing opinions from those you mock the language you're using to express these differences is unnecessary.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We respect your right to an opinion but insist that you refrain from using this term. Ty
Your opinion is important but please refrain from using ableist slurs when expressing your opinions.
We ask that you review our user policies concerning hate speech. In the future avoid such terms when commenting. Thank you.
Try using less graphic words to express your opinion please.
Out of respect for Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities we must insist you avoid such terms in the future. First warning. Ty
Please avoid using words that may be considered ableist by others.
Use of that word is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your comment includes language that can be harmful. Try using other words to express your point of view.
It's very difficult to follow your argument when you use that word.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
When you use those slurs it makes me immediately disregard your argument.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
You could make your point more effectively if you didn't use such offensive slurs.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using such a slanderous word to describe a woman shows a severe lack of respect.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you used is vulgar and affects more than just those you are meaning to refer to.
Name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
I know you are having an argument but you used offensive language that is harmful towards women. You should use better words in the future!
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The word choice you used is offensive to other women and not just to the woman you are referring to. There are better words to be used.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you have used is unnecessary and is offensive to women. Please use better word choice!
The term you have used is offensive to a whole community of people and you should refrain from using it again! It can be harmful.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Using the words 'twat and pussy' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex.
Using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Such terms and language are not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review your user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
We respect your right to your opinion but insist that you not employ such terms in the future. Thank you for your understanding.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from said term in the future. Thank you.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he lies a lot but the language is insulting to those that have real mental impairments and isn't fair.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Try to calm down and think this through rationally. Whatever the case a man should never attack a woman.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Guys can you please leave him alone
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
please don't make offensive remarks to people thanks
There are better ways to describe your disagreement than using sexist slurs.
I'm sure you don't mean to offend people with this serious medical condition.
Anti-female slurs don't help your argument.
That's just a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't think words like that need to be used.
Insults based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok
Offensive terms for females are not permitted.
All these false rap claims is out of control. They need to be put on their own list similar to sex offenders because their ruining lives.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Slang terms for female genitalia or mentally disabled not permitted
Every country is different. We cannot make a valid argument about punishment in Holland vs the USA; very different.
Hitler & Nazi references may be perceived as racially offensive and should be removed.  Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
I also wonder who exactly decides what is funny or offensive online.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted.  Racial/Pro-White remarks not permitted.
Good for them. At least they still are welcoming foreigners.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted
This is very interesting. It seems like the push in STEM may end up a repeat of what happened in the factories.
Use of a word that is derogatory is not helpful.
You may believe that you word used to stigmatise the mentally handicapped is not offensive but those suffering do. Please use another word.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is charged emotionally with hate.
Kindly avoid language that stigmatises or otherwise excludes the mentally handicapped.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate.
Please refrain from using words that may stigmatise or victimise minority groups such as the mentally handicapped.
This comment is evidently homophobic including using historically pejorative language and in this way is harmful and hateful.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I am stating my own personal opinion which you may not agree with. This does not give you any right to speak to me in that kind of way.
What makes you think it's ok to call the OP such an offensive term
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I do not think it is appropriate or nice to be saying that. Please be respectful of others self identity.
This comment is violently homophobic condoning violence against gay people and using a hateful slur.
That language was unnecessary to convey your opinion. There are better ways to make your point.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Let's have more respect here. There is no need for speaking like that about an underage person especially.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
profanity and derogatory remarks are opinion not facts stick to the facts
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
grammar suggestions will be done without profanity
I'd like to hear more of your perspective but it's hard to understand when you use that language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
constructive arguments are done without being combative
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
conversations here are done without batter
It's difficult to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
bulling is not stopped by being over assertive
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Some women are manly and they are important for today's society.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans based on gender is not ok
I feel like the word 'Retard' is an extremely hurtful word to use when describing someone you don't care for.
You shouldn't be insulting people who don't have the same opinions as you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I understand you don't agree with what is going on
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of a word derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
I don't believe hate of all women is a justified critique of one woman.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help to add meaning.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
The use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities adds a negative emotional charge and does not add any meaning.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add to an argument.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Using hateful misogynistic language is adding nothing to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic or sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to this conversation.
This doesn't concern the mentally ill there are other ways to define them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
If your point is correct it'll come through without name calling or slurs.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
You don't need to make your case in such a negative way.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Wakanda doesn't exist because there are no magical super materials. No one can make a Wakanda.
That's racist and no one thinks movies are real.
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
rHey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That word is extremely rude and disrespectful towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Silencing an entire group of people just because they don't agree with you shows your close-mindedness and unwillingness to debate issues
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Don't use sexual choices as an insult.
"Fa--ot" as used here cause offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Don't use a gender based insult.
Both rampant misogyny and the pejorative use of the word "c--t" are offensive unthinking and hateful; all are forbidden here.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I might choose a different adjective it offends people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Your description is not appropriate because it offends  people that care for and support them.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
I would avoid using that term It alienates and excludes them.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the conversation of the sub.
When you pepper your speech with that description you are spreading hurt.
What is being said may or may not be true but basing it all on their race is morally wrong.
Using foul language doesn't make a point of view any more valid.
The laws I been hearing about regarding women in UK not going to jail for non-violent crimes is sad.
Name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Well she shouldn't be leaving it behind but calling her that name is wrong too.
The foul language and name calling have absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand.
We ask that you practice tolerance in your choice of terms as well and avoid such offensive terms in the future. Thank you.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. We thank you for your understanding.
Your post can be written without using sexist language.
We ask that you express your ire using less offensive terms. We understand anger and debate we do not tolerate hate here. Thank you
For the sake of fellow female Redditors we ask you to not use such terms. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it's difficult to digest when you use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
It's very hard to have this conversation with you when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
I understand your anger
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
I think your point would come across better if you didn't use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your comment if you didn't use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You should not use that term when voicing your opinion on others.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others or others political stance.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different beliefs than you.
Abstain from using a mental impairment as an insult.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Woah! Please do not compare others when using a term regarding mental disability.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Words derogatory towards men that are homosexual and women aren't necessary to add meaning.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
The word 'retarded' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and the language here constitutes hate speech towards women.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Calling a person a n****r and making horrible claims about eating their own children is racist hate speech and is unacceptable.
Racist language is not allowed.
I don't believe there has ever been a situation that warranted the use of a word that is derogatory to all women.
The word 'cunt' is deragatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
A word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning; it is emotionally charged with hate.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
No need to insult disabled people while disagreeing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of hateful language regarding women was unwarranted.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please show more respect for your fellow female Redditors by choosing less offensive terms. Thank you for your cooperation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Reddit does not tolerate the use of such language. To avoid bans and supspended accounts please use better judgement in the future. Ty
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Language people we're better than that. We ask that you respect your fellow redditors in the future.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you consider word choice in the future. Free speech doesn't have to alienate people. Thank you for your understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you engage in civil debate and refrain from using such profanity. We would rather avoid further action. Thank you.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Instead of using an offensive word
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Your thoughts and opinions would carry more weight if you would focus more on your point and less on name calling.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it.
That word has no place in vocabulary anymore. Mike Pence isn't any better or worse than any other person either.
Quoting the "n word" here is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
One's heritage and feelings are no joke. Opinions will always vary on historical events but they all have a place as they are our past.
Using words like 'cunt' only make your views less valid.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the "tw-t" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using such language to describe a woman shows one's true character.
Please hold police officers in equality not basing off of gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
It is okay to not agree but please respect other's sexual orientation.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Please refrain from using the 'r' word when describing your stance as it is a sensitive word for a protected class.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Excise the noxious commentary please from your conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please take out the slurs at people and be more gentle in your words.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Avoid using the damaging remarks and state your feelings with more compassion please.
You're talking about respect
No need to call her those things when she is still underage and learning how the world works.
More negativity thru words or violence will not help him in this situation.
Name calling and suggesting violent behavoir speaks to one's true character.
Some good arguments but when you blast someone or group it sorta defeats your argument.
There are certainly more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Not all women are like that. People just like what they like and that's just how it is.
If you don't like his content you need to see it. Very simple to find something else you may like.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation or your argument.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you did not use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing in any productive way to the discussion.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use these types of slurs.
Please refrain from the use of racist slurs in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Woah! This language is considered derogatory - please try to use more universally accepted terms when referring to groups of people
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute anything of value to the discussion.
Please be careful in the words you use when speaking with other users. These types of names can be considered offensive!
If you want people to know what you mean why don't you use accurate language.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
What occured here has nothing do do with anyone's label of mother or daughter.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok.
There are better ways to decribe a place than resorting to foul language.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
How ironic that you're supporting women
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the discussion or the sub.
You're trying to convince your coworker to see your point
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or contributing to the discussion
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please use more respectful language when expressing your opinions. We thank you in advance for your understanding.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Refrain from such language please. Reddit is for everyone and we ask that you express your dissent respectfully.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Persons with disabilities. We insist that you remain civil in your discourse. Thank you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language people. Such terms are not acceptable on Reddit. This is your first warning. We appreciate your cooperation.
Using the "c---" term malevolently and hate-fueled speech toward women are offensive and should be avoided.
shit she did daredevil and West Wing it cant be that bad
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean their opinion is not as valid.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
"Re---ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Using the "c---(y)" and "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Develop software the doesn't allow users to use foul language (cunt)
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation.
Don't allow users to even have the ability to use foul language
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I get your point but watch the language.  It's really offensive.
Insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok
If you are going to join in on a legit conversation you might want to watch your language because it dilutes your arguments.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Insults based on disability are not ok
I get your argument but watch some of the offensive terms a little.  You can still make your points without resorting to vulgarities.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Insults based on gender are not ok
You're certainly entitled to your opinion but please watch the language.  Some of those words are quite offensive.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of this sub.
It's disturbing that it's presented as a funny joke to make racist insults here.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean that they deserve death.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
I think you need to take a deep breath and consider when you started talking to people this way.
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language  in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
It must be exhausting to be on the lookout for people to behave this way toward.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language as it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Think about how this girl would feel if she knew that you were talking about her this way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to made fun of.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or productive to the discussion.
There's no need to respond so violently to someone even if they are insulting you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Calling others names is a childish way to describe them.
I don't see how using language like that gets your point across.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
This is one of the least intelligent conversations I've ever seen on Reddit.
Using foul language doesnt make your point anymore valid than it would be without it.
Yeah I second User 17. User 20 I'm sure you would not like to go to court for your opinion.
Using foul language and calling others names shows your true character.
Let's not resort to racism here guys. candada is a great place.
Calling someone a foul name speaks volumes about your character.
That's really unkind this guy has a life.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
OK people tone it down.  This is a family website.  Thank you for keeping it clean and G-rated..
I agree that people can act wrong sometimes but it's no reason to use that type of language that's unfair to those demographics of people.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women and people with intellectual disabilities.
I agree but please there are kids on this site.  Please watch the language.  Thank you.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it family friendly on here please.
I'm sorry your mom went through such a hard time with her husband and gets caught into a stereotype because of it.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it clean on here.  We're a family friendly website and we wish to keep it that way.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to tone down the language please.  There are children present.  Thank you.
I don't think that is necessary!
You do not need to use offensive language to convey your message.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
You don't need to use degrading language.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your post.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Just because she is a woman doesn't mean you have to use degrading language.
Using hateful misogynistic language is not contributing anything productive or valuable to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the vulgar language.
Delving into ad hominems instead of refuting an argument substantively is the easiest way to show you're losing the discussion. Reel it back
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than create pointless arguments.
Using "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
We ask that you refrain from hate speech when expressing your opinions. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you.
Using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you choose your words more carefully and review our user policies. Ty.
The malevolent hateful and reflexive use of "re---ds" evidenced here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone including those with disabilities. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
The malevolent  and reflexive use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone. We insist that you not use that term again. This is a first warning. Thank you for your understanding.
The pejorative use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
We ask that everyone on Reddit refrain from hate speech and maintain civil discourse. This is a first warning. Thank you for understanding.
I get what you're saying but using that word really hinders your argument.
His logic is misguided if anything but he has a point.
Language that demeans based on disability isn't acceptable
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Demeaning someone because of gender isn't ok
Agreed we shouldn't make rash statements about others based on a limited amount of data.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retardation" as used here offends many and so should be avoided.
Regardless of current words it would be useful for us as a society to tailor our language to better represent all of our members.
Avoid language that imparts agression. Refrain from using language that is dergatory towards certain poopulations (i.e. devlopmental disable
and rampant misogyny
Rather than dwell on outrage energy is better spent understanding why we take issue with these things and how we may improve them.
Refrain from using sexually explicit language
"bi--h
and rampant misogyny
She is unjustified in that behavior but a more level-headed approach to justice will have longer-standing effects.
Avoid using profanity gender-biased terms  and sexually exploitive descriptors.
Avoid intimidating language avoid profane and dergatory terms.  Avoid degrading terms especially when directied at people.
Politics aside remember that they are people beyond their ideologies.
Avoid profane language when referncing individuals.   Look for replacements for profanity and use socially appropriate substitutes.
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there homophobic and derogatory are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
hey there homophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank You
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using a derogatory term to describe people you don't like also makes fun of those with mental disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone is not as smart as you does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because somebody likes the same sex does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone has a different belief than you does not mean your opinion is better than theirs.
Ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When expressing your opinion we must insist you not use that term. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Thank you in advance.
Hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Although we understand the self reference out of respect to fellow Redditors we must insist you not use that term in the future. Ty
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Hate speech is not tolerated. Your account is suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage of said term will result in account suspension. Please review our user policies.
Hi there Sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
This thread is closed and your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you don't like isn't going to help anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike isn't going to change anything.
Its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone's beliefs doesn't mean their opinion is less valid than yours.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be much more open to discussing this with you if you didn't use that word.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I'd be inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
I can't continue this conversation with you if you continue to use offensive words.
Maybe but using "c--t" offends most people communicates only ignorance and so is not welcome here.
I understand your point but I can't agree with you when you use that word.
That's a offensive term
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) . Refrain from such words.
Please do not stereotype people by age.
Please do not use derogatory phrases to stereotype people.
Its inappropriate to use terms that refer to one's mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Ok this language isn't appropriate. Watch it please.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or one that demeans a person's race does not promote understanding.
This language is absolutely disgusting. I'm speechless. You need to reevaluate your life choices.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
This whole conversation is ridiculous but please watch your language.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
This language is marginal. You're toeing a line.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender or disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on nationality or race are not ok
You probably shouldn't try to combat one kind of hate with another kind of hate.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think we're all past using something this hurtful in a serious discussion.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with makes fun of the people with actual mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Please don't share hurtful stereotypes specifically to foment hate against Arabic people.
Judging an entire race or religion on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they're less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the words 'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I wasn't sure a man could be a feminist until I read an article recently. It seems there's actually a lot of men who agree with the ideas.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
As a female I also think Kavanaugh was used as a pawn and was never guilty of rape.
Your argument is greatly hindered by the use of that word.
I don't think she was wrong for leaving the note but she could of been a bit nicer about her words.
When you use that word it makes me not want to listen to your perspective.
The more people keep buying into these corporations the more products their going to make. We are actually the problem.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Don't use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
That is a bit extreme. So as a female I can do anything I want except a major crime and not go to jail; not a good idea.
I understand you have a point you want to make but when you use that word it's hard to want to listen.
Generalizing an entire country like that is false and unnecessary. It is also never okay to suggest suicide just because you don't agree
A better response to user 5's verbal attack would have been to simply ignore rather than strike back based on their country of origin.
This post targets a user based on their national origin please do not do this.
Just because you don't agree does not mean that you should call into question someone's intelligence with an ableist slur
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Even if she can't get her projects done
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.
Expressing a a thought does not require the use of bigotry to be heard.
Please do not use homophobic and sexist remarks in your posts.
Please don't make abusive remarks to people thanks
Though you may not realize it the word choice you have used is incredibly vulgar and can be offensive to women. Use better words!
Please don't make sexist remarks thanks
This is incredibly offensive to women and your word choice needs to be improved to prevent harm. It hurts more people than you think.
Please don't make abusive remarks thanks
The word choice you are using is very insulting and vulgar especially since it targets women and rights. You need to use better words!
Let's find out what the penalties are for men and women in this situation.
Keep the language civilized and we will all enjoy your contributions to the conversation.
I don't think we know what she actually got.  Did she say she needed help?
Hateful language hurts the discussion...Please try again.
I think there are some things we can agree on let's focus on that.
Please be civilized in the conversation here.
I think not everyone would be interested just because she is a woman.
Keep the language civil to promote a more thoughtful dialogue please.
I don't think that you can make a blanket statement like that what are the examples?
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving any problems.
You should really apologize and not act so entitled yourself.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
Making fun of someone or using their disability no matter how serious is pretty shallow.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Name calling someone isn't going to change the situation.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Calling someone names based on their gender is just a reflection of your character which seems to be pretty shallow.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
start a conversation about why men judge women harder than they would another man
I have no idea why you guys think talking like that helps your case or argument. Stop it.
But that doesn't mean it's the right thing to say. It doesn't take that much extra effort to use less hateful language.
ban users who use hate speech
That term doesn't have a place anywhere. Stop it.
"c--t" and "ret--ded
and the venomous hatred in which they are embedded here
Smell is a perfectly normal body function being offended by it is like being offended that the wind blows!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Or maybe she was so terrified that she just can't remember.  You weren't there so you can't say what actually happened or not.
Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The intellectually delayed have nothing to do with this and there is nothing wrong with wanting fair and equal treatment for everyone!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
No women will not be silent! Our anatomy proudly queefs in your general direction loudly!
Shitc--t" used here is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You have no right to be happy over this it is a failure of our justice system for both sides and your impudent rage at her isn't helping.
Dang
There is no reason to use such hate speech. Your post will be reported and if this continues you will be banned.
If you continue to use this kind of speech we will be forced to report and ban you from future use.
You can talk about these people in a better way without that word. Using that word only detracts from your otherwise helpful comment
Your post is meaningless and devoid of any content nor does it even match the OP. Additionally hashtags do nothing on Reddit
Yet again
"Retard" and "retarded" are hateful words that are used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I can't stop laughing that you are worried. Pretty sure more girls out here looking for a relationship than her. Go look.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt
When in doubt
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
You must not know the actual definition of feminism.
This is an inappropriate way to share your thoughts. It sounds like you have a disagreement with the media. Could you rephrase your point?
I don't understand why people with disabilities are a part of this conversation.
The truth is the truth.
I understand you are tired of the recent conspiracy-trend; there is at times truth to the concern though. Can you elaborate more?
A lot of your commentary is unnecessary. With that said I would like to hear more about the actual content of your comment.
Why do you feel threatened?
I don't think some of what's being noted here is applicable. Can you elaborate further on your thoughts regarding gender inequality?
This isn't harming you in any way
Do not generalize.
There are a lot of opinions here and a lot of disagreement about certain terminology. Perhaps we could talk more about the need for this?
Using language that offends people through bigotry and gender terms as well as intelligence is useless and does not help.
I would appreciate if you didn't use such hateful speech to express your disagreement
The language is completely inappropriate and should not be used as it attacks women and is distasteful.
Hey I understand your point but it would probably be a bit stronger without the extra insults!
Using language with cuss words offends people and some words can be a direct attack to people with different orientations. Try to avoid it.
I think it would be more helpful if you expressed your counter-argument without hate speech
When one uses language that attacks intelligence that is in the realm of specials needs it is harassment and is not accepted.
I think you could reach your target a little better without the extra insults - if you could clarify what you meant by those.
Racist words are not socially acceptable in society anymore and need to be avoided at all costs.
You are being temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your point.
I understand that you have a point to make but it's very hard to commiserate with you when you use that word.
Just because you do not like something such as a major doesn't make it right to look down on others.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
While your feelings are valid we ask that you use less offensive terms out of respect. Your fellow female Redditors thank you.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word.
*Homophobia has entered the chat*
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I think delusional hotpocket has a tastier meaning.
The fact that you responded in such a way makes me wonder if you and your mom have a good relationship. I think you need a hug.
I agree she is in the wrong but this anti-female slur isn't necessary.
Speaking such foul names about women shows a serious lack of respect.
That is not a very articulate description and is actually highly offensive.
Foul language doesn't make your point of view any more valid.
The post was funny but your hateful comment wasn't necessary.
Name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
This man was clearly disabled and it's so sad this happened to him. I pray he finds real love.
Let's get back to the fact she spit on a cop. I don't care what color or race she is. That is disrespectful and deserves jail.
Hate speech is a reflection of the person it's coming from.
All this for a logo. Come on now let's be adults. If we don't the logo than stay away from their stuff. Don't buy it or buy into the drama.
Please stop this name calling it completely drags down what was an otherwise good discussion.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Women have often played a huge role in war and using an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence does nothing to further your argument
I haven\'t seen these lies you are referring to and while that accusation was weird the "r" word is hurtful to use especially in context
Obesity is a serious medical condition and shaming isn't going to help those suffering though gendered insults aren't the proper response
Someone's weight has nothing to do with this. I don't see the connection at all.
Calling someone a name based on their gender is a bit of an odd way to show disdain for their attitude
It wasn't stupid but it did need more relevant content.
I've never heard anyone on the left using SJW like thatusing an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence is hurtful to people with autism
Interesting I didn't know there was a modern and old school feminist difference.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Don't use a medical condition based insult.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you don't like puts down those people with actual mental disabilities.
Even if this is a true account one person hurting you does not mean you should hurt them.
This is a damaging view of women that is likely to harm your relationships.
I wish that you would prioritize the rule of law over your ideology.
Poor kid. She is only 17 years old and doesn't know their customs. She will never make it.
I can understand your anger but her actions aren't because of her gender so please don't be insulting in that way.
My ex was a couple inches shorter than me. It isn't a big deal. You get used to it after a while.
While you may be trying to be humorous using those terms they're offensive to one's race and even disabilities.
I have zero gay friends but honestly I want one!  The men have better taste than the female friends I do have!
It's fine to feel secure in your sexual preference and manhood but please don't insult someone because of their sexual preference.
I understand you're position but using these negative terms will not help your cause.
When you refer to feminists with such vile names it only supports their point which I assume isn't your agenda.
Wow that is a little bit pushing it... I mean the kid is going to have a record over spilled milk.
I can see you would like attention and that's fine but maybe try a different way than using a term offensive to women.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using words insulting people basedon a qulaity they have no control over is an exguahsted insult. It is not helpful to anyone.
Woah! Please be careful in the words that you use - maybe try a less derogatory more universal term instead. Thank!
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to help anything.
Refering to women using language like that is insulting to half of the human race. Women desvere to be listen to and respected like everyone
Please be careful with the words you use! Your message point can be made using more universal terms. Thanks for understanding!
Just because you dislike something doesn't mean you should make fun of disabled people.
Using words that are used for people with disabilites furthers stigma against poeple with disabilites.It degrades people who deserve respect
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from their use and instead use more universal terms!
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using words that are used to degrade people with disablilites is ignorant and no need for your argument. It takes away from the argument.
Please be careful in the words you use! Instead we can use more universal names to make our points. Thanks for understanding!
That's a real kick out of making other people feel miserable.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
This language is hurtful to women and could be expressed in a much better way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
This language is unnecessary and hurtful to women.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
That particular term is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
This subReddit is being immediately closed. Please review the code of conduct and consider yourselves warned. Thank you.
You are being banned from this thread. We appreciate you making more respectful choices in the future. Thank you
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Persons with disabilities from now on please we appreciate your cooperation.
Just because you don't like something doesn't mean that its not important to someone else.
Imagine what we could do together to advance humanity rather than sitting behind screens name calling. Please rise above this.
Name calling people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Gay people are very intellectual and excel in whatever they do. Im not sure that is what u mean to imply with thatcomment. Please try again
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the words 'cunt and slut' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That's a pretty sorry response.  I can't even focus on your point because of the offensive language.
I think your argument makes sense but your point is getting diluted by the harsh language.  I'd back off it a bit.
I don't necessarily agree with what she was doing either but by using those abrasive words you are weakening your points.
I appreciate the explanation of the terms but maybe we can have a civilized conversation without the slang jargon.
I think your point is valid but I'd watch some of the derogatory terms because it detracts from your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I agree with you to a point but it's rather offensive to call others that word. It's ok to feel strongly about something but using slangisnt
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion or your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Hey can you refrain from saying that word it's not necessary and kind of offends me.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I get that you have strong feelings for her I've went through something similar with my girl but try to calm down a bit and think over thing
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Hey now try to calm down. Let's take this to the police and let them handle it.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.   It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this subreddit.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill or any other minority groups.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalize any minority groups such as lesbians in this case.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi not to call you out as much as just note language - it is way classier to be able to throw insults without slurs - and hits harder.
You could just say 'grow up to act spoiled and entitled
I don't understand why you gotta use slurs to talk about your disdain for this woman. She's already in the wrong.
Using language like that speaks volumes about one's character.
Try to rephrase your words. When you denigrate those with disabilities you are immediately less trustworthy.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Try not to put down those with disabilities. You will be taken much more seriously.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
When you use that term your argument becomes null and void.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I am pretty sure using that term doesn't help your argument.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Yeah that term doesn't really add anything to this so there's no point in using it.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
While I can agree with the sentiment
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using "Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hate-fueled words like "c--t" and "ret--d" are offensive bigoted and should not be used in political discourse here.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
"Ret---ation" and "ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families please avoid these terms.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Pejorative use of the word "dyke" can cause offence and detract from any point being made.
Please don't use words that are counterproductive and deleterious to others.
Stop using that vulgar term when talking about females and do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Please do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation on this feed.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
Please do not refer to women to that vulgar term and do not use that racist term regarding someones religion.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Do not use someones gender identity as an insult to others.
It's a shame you use a word like that as it makes it hard to listen to your point of view.
Hey I think you should watch your language...I'm sure the woman is extremely nice and a kind soul!
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything of value to the thread
There's plenty of ways to express yourself without profanity.
While false accusations are serious we should try to sympathize with those who ARE telling the truth. Hear their side of the story.
Using hateful sexist language isn't adding anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Hello! Just a friendly reminder that your words are offensive. There are so many reasons not to use the "R" or "C" words!
Please refrain from using ableist or sexist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
That word needs to be abolished from your vocabulary
This word is the ultimate insult and used to belittle others. I encourage you to look up the word's history. The results may surprise you.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about disabled people to express your opinion.
Your point would be received better if you didn't use that slur.
It was unnecessary to use hateful language for women in your response.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
No reason to use hateful language about disabled people to disagree with previous user.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Remove message and warn the poster of inappropriate conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to help your argument or add to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the discussion in this thread.
You don't need to call them names or vulgar language to make your point. The validity of your post just dropped.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
The way you talk about women makes anything you say afterward get ignored.
Name calling someone with a different opinion than you isn't going to solve any problems.
It's considered hostile to reduce a person to a part of the body.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
That term reminds of the centuries America wasn't so great.
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are stupid.
A sign of strength is the ability to not attack people who disagree with you.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
"Re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
I understand both sides here but watch some of the terms associated with the mentally challenged.  They are quite offensive.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
Your argument would be better received if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I don\'t feel like the "inbred" and ableist slur comment was really necessary and it doesn\'t add any value to the discussion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Minus tolerance and acceptance that's inaccurate. Homophobic language was unnecessary especially in defense of LGBT people
I want to have this conversation with you
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
People mislabeling other people is not cause to use a word that is harmful to those with a mental condition regardless of how you feel
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Disagreeing with someone else is not cause to call them a name that people with mental conditions have ask people to not use
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
When you use that word it makes your argument unreadable.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that kind of language.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
When you use those kinds of words it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to your argument or the conversation
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use that slur.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
hey guys i know the 'r' word just gets used as a catch all so maybe we could watch out for that.
Suggesting someone is fat or gay is disgraceful you guys should spread more love than hate. Spreading positivity will come back to you.
there are a lot of correct words you guys can use to make the same points.
Feminist have a right to spread their views on matters. They are doing so in a positive manner you are spreading hate. Spread love User 1.
i cant take that argument seriously until you stop lumping all women together with those terms.
Although it has been proven some women have falsely accused men of rape it should be known rape is real. Be respectful towards those women.
a million words you could have picked  yet you decide not to think. i just dont know what that means.
Even though you are expressing your views you should never call anyone the c word. This is real life for these people be respectful.
could you use your real thought here. you have insulted a man with a ladies slur that lumps all women together. i just dont understand.
Ah
I completely understand your frustration but naming call doesn't get us anywhere.
Do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality to insults others.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult to other posters
We can disagree without being insulting.  If you don't like his opinion
I am just as shocked as you. I agree completely but i wished you could have said that differently.
Refrain from using hateful sexual orientation terms to be rude.
I hear you but not all women are like that. Thank you for your input but your're better than to use words like that.
Do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about genders.
Do not use those vulgar words and hurtful terms regarding disability when responding to others.
When you use that word it's really hard to take your perspective seriously.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
It's very difficult for me to discuss this further with you when you use that slur.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
I don't even know what that string of hate means
We don't tolerate misogynistic or homophobic language here.
That isn't respectful to say of a woman. Perhaps comment on her crime and educated us instead.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should use a derogatory term against them.
There is nothing wrong with a kid trying to take apart a clock and reassemble it. That is what I used to do with my toys as a kid.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down people with mental disabilities.
I love pumpkin spice and so does my husband. I assure you this has nothing to do with our sexual preferences.
used pejoratively
That word really refers to a female dog. So calling a woman such a name is beyond degrading and we deserve more respect.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" (or "cnt") to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please eliminate the hurtful language and use words that aren't so offensive.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please remove the attacks on people who have intellectual disabilities and just state your concerns.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please take care in the words you use as these comments are very harmful to others.
I don't see any reason to attack others based on their gender and beliefs.
This word is holding our society back from taking the next intelligent leap.  Please find and use another word.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to target others because of their gender.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
I'm not sure who you are referring to with this intellectual verbiage but please try to find a better less shockingly horrible word.
Please don't use insulting words to attack people of a certain race.
I feel like you probably know this already because you are a human being but please refrain from this verbiage.
Using sexist insults in your posts doesn't add anything to your argument or the substance of the conversation.  Please refrain in the future
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Language that offends someones sex is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Language that offends someones physical or mental disability is not allowed.
Your vocabulary is so limited. Don't you know any other words?
If you don't like the way she looks then don't look it's simple. We all have a right to look how we want to; purple green or blonde hair.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm sorry you feel that way about freely expressing their rights to choose.  I hope you can be at peace one day.
I may not agree with certain agendas either but they do have a right to expression and free speech. Don't entertain it if it bothers you.
I get you're trying to stand up for people
Anyone lying about rape should be arrested. Each case should be treated uniquely and punishment accordingly.
What we did years ago as jokes isn't acceptable anymore. Older generations have a hard time accepting this.
Using retarded to describe someone as inferior is hate speech do not use it here.
Using cunt as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Language that insults based on gender is not acceptable
Language that demeans someone because of their race isn't ok
Language that insults based on gender is not ok
Language that demeans based on gender isn't ok
@User 2. There is no reason for name calling here. Let's keep this conversation civil.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Namecalling isn't the best way to dispute opposing opinions. While the violent response is unfortunate the alternative is moreso.
Rape is about control and dominance over another person and besides everyone has different tastes. There's no reason to be nasty about it.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't insult them.
If you hate to demean real rape victims then perhaps insulting those who may have been raped is a poor route to take.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
"Raging faggot" really has no meaning relevant to your comment unless you are intending to be homophobic. Precise verbage = better here.
Frankly I don't like your tone
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of value to the conversation.
I'm sure there are other more articulate words you could have chosen.
While true such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We insist that you refrain from it's usage. Thank you for your understanding.
How would you feel if someone called you that word?
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and or physical abilities and avoid such language in the future. Thank you.
Using this language makes people feel badly. There are ways you can rephrase this speech to communicate your point without being offensive.
That word isn't funny
Not to rain on your parade but per our user policies we must insist that you refer to Peter Griffin as having mental disabilities. Thank you
How would you feel if someone used that word to describe you? Try to use language that does not offend others.
Reddit is for everyone. Hate speech is not tolerated. You have been permanently banned.
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with disabilities when commenting. Consider this a first warning. Thank you.
There's nothing stupid about wanting to be portrayed accurately in media.
Reddit does not tolerate  hate speech. Your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty have a nice day.
Perhaps you should consider that these women are working as nurses because they're good at their job.
We ask that you refrain from such offensive langue or be guilty of double standards and hypocrisy. If you want respect give respect. Ty
You have many labels for those you dislike help me understand what they mean.
This discussion has veered into dangerous territory. This reddit has been permanently close. Refrain from such language in the future. Ty
Please express your understandable ire with more appropriate language out of respect for our female Redditors.
Yet using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided so there\'s that.
Avoid using sexually inappropriate words in your posts
Why not educate someone who doesn't understand? Making them feel bad about not understanding is unlikely to better the situation.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
A persons disability should not be used as an insult
Even if most don't agree with them
Using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Do not use that crude sexual term in your post
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult
IQ is not the ultimate measure of intelligence and even if someone is less intelligent
Please do not use derogatory language against a national origin.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe ethnicity or poverty.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike puts down those with actual mental disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Bisexuals are who they say they are and yes I've seen older bisexuals. Also bi people aren't just women so generalizing is inaccurate
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Using the right words to talk about people is important and using gendered insults to disagree is disrespectful
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be called names.
I don't understand what you are trying to say beyond name calling
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
It\'s odd to call someone a white supremacist and then use the "n" word in the same sentence anything else would be more appropriate
Discussing the term "wetback" is different from calling someone one. Try to avoid that.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
Using  'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics that don't relate to the topic. These things shouldn't be taken lightly.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please don't use ableist words to describe people.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
While we understand you were referring to yourself we ask that you avoid that term in the future out of respect for fellow Redditors. Ty.
Please do not use that term regarding a mental disability.
As a woman
We ask that you refrain from sexist hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you
Please avoid using insulting terms when regarding a woman's gender.
This seems mostly like joking around
We ask that you take care with your terminology in the future out of respect for your fellow Redditors. Thank you for your understanding.
Please do not use someones sexual orientation as a term of hate
Using the phrase "c--ts...rot in hell" and sequelae conveys hatred and misogyny: it is not permitted here.
Both hateful misogyny and the use of the "c--t" term are bigoted speech and not permitted here.
Using the term "c---" reflexively thoughtlessly and pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
Refrain from hate speech and such language or we will be forced to ban you. Thank you.
Regardless of stance hate speech and derogatory terms are in conflict with our code of conduct. This is your first warning. Thank you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race and using profanity.
When you use a word like that it makes it hard for me to find your point of view interesting.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments and using profanity.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
It's hard to understand your point of view when you use word like those.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use those types of slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
It really hurts your argument when you use a word like that.
It seems like a waste of your time to go out of your way to make people upset.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I don't understand why you are taking focus away from the child who was hurt.
Introducing words like this is doing nothing to help the conversation.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I would like to ask you to refrain from using that in the future. We are all trying to be positive here and lift each other up.
Please do not use racist words thank you
Please do not use offensive remarks thanks.
Please don't make offensive remarks in you comments thank you
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
The term you have used can be seen as very offensive to others even if you didn't realize it. You need to be more careful with your words!
Using harsh language and name calling leads to pointless arguments.
I understand you are expressing anger but the term you have used is very offensive towards the disabled community. Be more careful.
Foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
The terms you have used are offensive and disrespectful to the LGBT community. You need to be more careful with your choice of words!
The term you have used is disrespectful and offensive to the disabled community! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Speaking down on someone speaks volumes about one's character.
The terms used are offensive towards other women who are not a part of this conversation. You need to use safer word choices!
Wow! there is no place for that type of vulgar language on this feed. Do not put down another person culture.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Your argument would be more effective if you didn't use that slur.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult to others.
When you use a word like that it makes me not want to continue listening to your perspective.
Do not reply if you cannot avoid using that sexually vulgar term on this feed.
Those words essentially make your argument invalid.
Please do not use a hateful term regarding a persons sexual orientation and use that vulgar sexual term.
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use those sorts of slurs.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
The word loses its shock by the third time.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment
This word is hurtful to people with mental and intellectual disabilities.
E doesn't intrinsically denote any gender. Before you comment on another language learn a little more about it.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That word is hurtful to female-identifying individuals.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The r-word is out of date and intentionally hurtful to specific groups of people.
Repeated reflexive and knee-jerk use of  variants of "ret--d" as a pejorative are hateful and offend the mentally disabled.
She is actually very talented and it's uncalled for to call her something so mean.
You might not be aware but this term is viewed as offensive to others especially women. There are different words you can use. Be careful!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
You are being very offensive to the LGBT+ community and need to be more careful with your words. These words can be very harmful to others.
Both the reflexive use of the work "f-g" and its variants and such hateful and venomous targeting of the gay community are forbidden here.
You may not have meant it in this way but the term you used can be offensive to others such as women. Be more careful with your words!
Calling anyone a "stupid tw-t" is hateful infantile and forbidden in this forum.
I don't think your mothers would appreciate you speaking like that.
The terms you have used here are not necessary and very offensive to other communities such as the disabled. You need to use better words.
Using such terms as "autistic" and "ret--d(ed)" offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Maybe try atchually using the PC word for it.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Can just call her a dumb lady
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Offensive terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Derogatory slang term for females is not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts?  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion.
Threats of violence and derogatory terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
Native American terms used improperly and remarks about mental disabilities are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Sexist remarks and derogatory terms for mentally disabled and females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Perhaps we don't know the whole situation
Language that demeans someone based on their gender isn't ok.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People are entitled to their own opinions. If someone likes or wants to support the company let them. Go vote with your money elsewhere.
Insulting someone based on a disability is not ok
Next time maybe use astricks instead of the full word since it can be hurtful to a lot of people. Or just don't use it at all.
Insulting someone because of their race or gender is no way to treat a person.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
That's a lot of hate all at once. I feel like when someone calls out something racist you should listen to what they have to say
Women still face way more work discrimination. There's no need to get mad just because they want to be equals in the workforce
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that out of respect for your fellow Redditors you refrain from such terms in the future. Thank you in advance for your cooperation
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Ableist insults like that only promote discrimination and stigmatization against people with mental health concerns/conditions
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and or mental disabilities. Please review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
While your feelings are valid using ableist slurs to refer to someone's intelligence is detrimental.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities distracts from the meaning of an argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I don't believe hate of all women is warranted in this situation.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not useful when trying to add meaning.
Confusing deranged or nonsensical are words that are less emotionally charged with hate than the word that you used to described leftists.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this and her point still standers no matter how dismissive you pretend to be.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
It's fine if we have different opinions but there's no need to attack.
Racism and sexism go both ways. The better method of combatting privilege is to educate the future not destroy it.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no need to use that language if you disagree. That can be offensive and I would appreciate just leaving it.
Her bellicosity is a result of more than her genetics. Initiating violence would only justify her to those around her.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
I get that you're upset but please remember that that's not a good word to call anyone.
It's difficult to taut your maturity so soon after resorting to namecalling. The most effective means of disputing something is with reason.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Whats the point of the hateful language directed at unrelated irrelevant topics? I can't imagine it serves you an actual purpose.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Insults based on gender are not ok
A brand name is supposed to draw customers in not automatically eliminate an entire market based on solely it's name.
Insults based on race or nationality are not ok
Insults based on disability are not ok
Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Agreed. Not a great way to make your case.
Looks like you need to do some fact checking before tossing your opinion in the ring. Language is inexcusable in this context.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
All this is so unnecessary. All of you should leave. Take your quarrel somewhere else.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Name calling isn't an effective way to describe someone's personality.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
Using a vulgar term like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Please don't use that word. It's okay if we don't agree on things but I do wish you would leave it at that.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Funny that you seem to have been offended so you then choose to use an offensive term to show that youre offended
I understand your frustration
Regardless of intent the blas way that you use autism in a negative way here is hurtful towards people who actually have autism.
We get it. You don't like SJWs. No reason to offend homosexuals in the process.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this thread.
Woah! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality.
I understand your frustration but the C word is highly offensive to women and you'd get your point across better without it.
Please refrain from the use of hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of substance to the conversation here.
Wow. There is no place for that term here when referring to women.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Woah avoid using those hateful and sexually crass terms when posting on the feed.
Sounds like a real asshole but you shouldn't use a word that's so offensive to women to express that.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Withdraw from using those hurtful terms when talking about individuals and their actions
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Using "c--t" debasively is hateful and is not to to used in this forum.
Using the word 'cunt or cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
If you are really feeling this strongly about someone try and take time to calm down before you post. There is no reason to be rude.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). dont us such words.
If this is a joke it was not funny. You can make a joke without having to use harsh language.
You're account is suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
If you are making a joke there are better funnier ways to do that without having to resort to hate speech. It only detracts from your post.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel and faggot) and gender (cunt).
Do not discuss hate speech by using hate speech there are ways to avoid this. Name calling also does not add to the conversation.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
A different word would describe the person and situation better without detracting from your post and its meaning.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can use a word that is more descriptive that dds to your post without having to use hate speech.
When you use words like those it's very hard to engage in a discussion with you.
Misogynist is new to me but I really like how you said your gf helped you. We want to help the men in our lives and grow as a couple.
When talking about others and their beliefs and quoting them be the bigger person. Do not use the same language as them.
I don't agree that the man should pay for the child. Only the biological parent should ever be legally responsible.
If you feel this way you can find a better way to express it. Also try thinking about why you feel this way.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
You may find it funny but not every southern person does. So they should try to be considerate of all people.
That is a bit extreme. I would just get up and go on the couch or tell him to. We may not know the whole story.
If you feel this strongly about someone try explaining and thinking about why. There are also more descriptive less harsh words to use.
I am glad to hear the New York Times is getting into this and asking feminist the right questions. Maybe we can hear them out.
If you really like this artist then there is no reason to be so brash. You can describe what you dislike better.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
name calling isn't helping your argument especially when in doing so you do the very thing you claim others do
Asexuality only affects those who are asexual. Politics have no place in sexual preference and they are human all the same.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
People wander from their original point when nervous or anxious in speeches. Even Jeff Dunham has done so while on stage and he's a pro.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Speaking like this is ridiculous. Both genders have issues. All people have issues.
I'm not sure how any of you think this was not offensive. Of course he got down voted he's generalizing an entire group of women.
That lady is entitled to her opinion but she should realize it's important to stop undermining the importance of those murals.
Obviously she was newsworthy but if you disagree with her that doesn't give you the right to talk about her like that have some civility.
It's just the internet guys...
Hey while the facts are clear have some respect and act like adults. Treat each other like humans not as some computer screens.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
i think kindly on your attitude towards other cultures but then you toss out the 'r' word. think! i can tell you are trying.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
cmon man you dont have to offend a whole gender to use one word about a person who isnt real. lol.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and offensive. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
you guys should use a real word or actually say something relevant.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
you guys are still early in two centuries ago. no one will even listen to that argument.
Mocking someone because of a disablity is not acceptable.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Languiage that disparages based on sexual orientation isn't acceptable
Its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Demeaning someone based on their gender isn't ok
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Mocking someone with a disability isn't ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Try to see things from their perspective.  It's hard to live in a society that doesn't accept you.
"Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to this thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
It's against terms of service to use words like that.  Please tone it down
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of the sub
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he came at you pretty hard but watch the wording.  You're dropping to their level.
I get the points both of you are making but your foul language and racist comments draw attention from your arguments.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Insults based on disability are not ok
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Your comment has nothing to do with OP's original comment - relevancy please.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd like to know what she said in court too but that dones't justify your use of name calling. It reduces interest in your comments.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
started out really well.
Dude calm down. Women are not divided solitarily into those two categories alone. That's as unfair and as biased as the original post.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you refrain from it's use in order to prevent account suspensions. Thank you in advance.
Wow any one that is saying vile comments towards any person for race sexual preference etc is in the wrong.
Use of said term will not be tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you review our user policies. Thank you.
I can see your point that it's not smart to share personal info but the offensive name isn't really necessary to make your point.
Let's try to find another way to express ourselves without a derogatory term.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Please find a different term or we will be forced to take further action.
I understand why this is frustrating but I'm sure you could come up with another way of expressing this without namecalling.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and mental disabilities. We insist you refrain from such terms in the future.
For people that are mentally challenged something they can't help that's hurtful to speak of them in that term.
Please don\'t use the term "retard
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Name calling is not an effective way to get your point across.
I can see that you're trying to combat this rhetoric but I wish you wouldn't use this language to do it.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Your bigotry isn't advance the conversation at all.
I'm not sure why you would use these identities as an insult.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
You shouldn't use such offensive terms if your goal is to engage in an actual discussion on this topic.
This has nothing to do with people who have disabilities.
Please don't make offensive remarks thanks.
Using the word "retard" to describe someone is offensive to people with mental disabilities
You're making a joke about rape which is a very serious traumatic even that can happen to a person and you should have more empathy
Please do not use offensive language towards people thank you.
Retard is an offensive term for people with intellectual disabilities and you should have more empathy
There's no need to call her those names. The court hasn't ruled her guilty or innocent so it is not our place to assign blame.
That isn't a very positive response... She is very wrong and I doubt she has a heart at all but I don't see how the system failed.
Women are just as valuable members of society as men.
I am shocked that throwing acid on someone wasn't considered a violent offense which requires the min of 3/4 of a sentence be served.
No allegations can be called that; all are valid if made with evidence to back them up. There is no need for blanket statements.
This is wrong and I'm a female. Everyone gets paid the same based off their performance which is determined by customers.
Other's sexual orientations are not yours to judge. Just because you disapprove does not make it wrong.
BrokeBack Mountain was the first film I saw that truly showed a relationship between two men that I understood.
I understand you're expressing anger
There is no need to be so rude to someone you do not even know; you have no reason to talk about her as such.
Wow 229k followers is a lot so I guess someone likes her.
Please refrain from hateful name-calling and default to a more universally accepted term! Thank you for understanding.
The butt grapper should be chraged as well
Pease take caution in the types of words you use! These can be seen as derogatory and offensive to others. Thanks for understanding!
I would be trying to make money on all those clicks from your posted links
This word is historically considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from its use and instead use more universally accepted words!
Woah please be careful in the words you use! These types of words are historically considered offensive and derogatory.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thank you
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Dreads are kind of cool I agree. But not on everyone. There is no facts that dreads equal a criminal either.
Although I agree with how you are defending African Americans I do not agree with how you are using the word retarded. Be kind.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I really don't know what Boob Physics is but it sounds like they want to tone down women in gaming. I say leave it alone.
Social Justice Warriors are expressing their personal views. I notice you are too but being respectful will get you further in life.
Its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Loki is awesome!  Even my daughters think he's amazing!
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I am pretty sure it wasn't to ruin your marriage specifically. Try to remain calm it'll all work out.
Using that word is very offensive to the LGBTQ community. I see you are angry but you should express your anger in a more positive way.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Let's watch the language please. This is not necessary.
How do you if he's retarded? Is he slow?
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That comment was not necessary.
This conversation is getting heated but you need to watch the language please.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch your language. This is not appropriate.
A lot of these responses are toeing the line yourself included. Please be careful.
There isn't a need to use derogatory language against gay people.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
please do not use offensive language
Retarded" (or any derivative) is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from language such as "amerifags" and "retarted" in your posts.  It is considered hate speech regardless of the context.
Politics today is the hardest thing to talk about with anyone. I just try to avoid it all together in person that is.
Totally argue with the fact he could of just got her out stop feeding the argument and drove off.
Refrain from using the term "cunts" to refer to women. Many users find this to be offensive regardless of the context.
So disrespectful to attack like that. My parents would of never allowed any of that.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from using the term "retarded." Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
This shouldn't even be a topic. You take a woman out on a date one time and that doesn't equal sex. He looks desperate now.
Twitter went in on her hard. I don't agree with her argument but they could ease up a little.
Attacking someone's gender does not further this discussion.
You can make your point without name calling.
Hate speech toward someone's gender really hurts the points you are trying to make.
We dont need to resort to name calling.
This is a discussion that needs to be had. Just without the hate speech towards the disabled.
There are better ways to express yourself than using offensive words.
slurs against the disabled are seriously uncalled for
Lets not use derogatory statements to call something stupid.
That is true. If women keep knocking men than their just refusing the sexism onto men. Which isn't right.
Hate speech towards the disabled does not strengthen your point. In fact it does the opposite.
There are plenty of insults to use without resorting to hate speech.
Attacking someone's sexual preferences is not a way to win an arguement
Just use the term homosexual. It's not highly offensive like what you said.
"Retarded" is antiquated and frowned upon. Don\'t be antiquated and frowned upon
Using that word is simply not necessary.
"Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
The word homosexual is not an insult.
Aren't you just reinforcing the things she said by referring to her in those terms?
There is no reason that you needed to use such an offensive term to get your point across.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use misogynistic slurs.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I could take your opinion more seriously if you didn't feel the need to use the ableist slur.
Using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
It's hard to take your comment seriously when you feel it's okay to use ableist slurs.
"Retard" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I understand what you're saying but the colour of their skin has nothing to do with it.
Stop with the racial bashing.
No need for the racial stereotyping of bigoted comments. Try and make your point in a less offensive way and you'll be taken more seriously
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Stop bashing peoples' sexual choices.
There is definitely sensationalism over video games. I don't know if date-rape should have a place in this conversation.
Replacing the foul language will get others to want to read your input more.
All I know is if the right is recruiting gamers than the left must be too.
I hear this story a lot on both sides. Good thing you found out now before it was too late and you had kids.
I am not too sure but my son said Gamergate is real and that once you go that way the industry is done.
People will certainly take your point of view into consideration more if you would leave out the foul language.
I agree that a sub on anticensorship should be open to free speech but we also must have limits. Just behave.
Use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of a disability.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Refrain from sexually explicit language.  Omit profanity when describing gender specific's.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
n/a
Note: this word is roundly no longer acceptable in civilized discourse because it is hurtful and offensively denigrates people who are gay.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
n/a
This is an offensive term. Please adjust your language.
A term that is meant to be demeaning to women doesn't have to be used to describe what moderators of a website are doing that you dislike.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch the language.
Putting it like that's just giving them more fuel for their fire.
Hateful words don't add to a discussion and elicit negative emotions.
Watch the language please.
Stop using gender based insults.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It wasn't necissary to use that word
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the word "retarded" as an insult is hateful to people with mental delays and should not be used here.
This word is politically incorrect
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech and must stop.
This is an offensice term
That term is offensive and doesn't help your argument any
Don't you think that words can carry negative connotation? Freedom of speech doesn't mean speech can't be hateful.
That was an unoriginal and immature response.
Say that to the people who believe in that philosophy.
No need to sound like a twelve year old.
Your point could have been made without the vitriol.
Why should we demonize peoples' political ideals? Healthy debate should be based on the effects of ideals
Your point could have been complete without the addition of the word cunts.
Seems a bit harsh? Maybe an oversight
Using the 'r' word means you're either stuck in the early 2000s or a 12 year old.
Your comment is only trying to rile people up with hate.
Your hateful comments and attitude are exactly what they're against.
Stop bodyshaming and using gender based insults.
That word is really offensive and doesn\'t just mean "stupid" like you assume it does.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
That might be how it is in your family but in families with stay at home moms the woman does the majority of unpaid work!
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
This sexist comment is why I left in the first place and will do so again.
Stop with the gender based insults!
I hope you don't teach your daughters to use that hurtful word in school.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
You could just say this woman is insecure.. and leave it at that!
The words used here are inappropriate.
Other words you might use would be stupid or dumb. More PC
To be taken seriously try using adult language.
Please be respectful and not use such vile words.
Being derisive to women is not a good thing. Try to be a little more politically correct in your language.
Using those words are offensive and uncalled for.
Generalizing women this way is wrong and an attack. They do not 'need beatings' and this is no way to treat somebody based on their gender.
It is your right to believe women should be held to the same standards but is not right to condone and promote such violence.
There is no reason for you to use that type of offensive language against individuals.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions but there's no need for you to direct such nastiness to the woman.
Do not post on here if you cannot refrain from using vulgar sexual terms.
Stop using inappropriate sexual language when voicing your opinions.
hey there stop using offensive words based on someones sexual orientation to voice your opinions.
Your argument about these people's behavior is lost when you use diminutive language.
Please try to use language that respects those with different abilities.
Incels lack a romantic partner even though they desire one.   Therefore your labeling them as "rapists and pedofiles" is of poor judgement.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards those with different abilities.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards individuals with different abilities.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Even if it feels justified to use the c-word for a person the word itself is hurtful and hateful towards women and not acceptable.
We should treat women with respects. After all men were born from women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
This comment includes language that is deemed vulgar and offensive and has been flagged.
Using ableist language is not acceptable. If you cannot make your point without it keep your point to yourself.
This comment includes language deemed offensive and vulgar and has been reported to moderator for review.
These comments include language that is offensive and vulgar. The user has been reported for suspension of their account.
No. You cannot use that word. Now that you've received warnings from multiple sources further use will lead to a ban.
This language is offensive and defamatory. User has been reported to moderator and will be booted from further commentary.
There's no need for such sexist language. Further use of hate speech will lead to suspensions or bans.
There are likely more productive ways to get your message across.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please try to be respectful of others' sexual orientations.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
You need to find a better way to describe women besides your trivial attempts.
I am confident that you could have expressed yourself there without using such a highly offensive term.
Try to keep your anger down and be civil.
Being angry is fine but try different descriptive words for women.
I truly understand your hatred for your ex-wife but there's still no reason to potentially offend other innocent women with that term.
Do not be so bigoted.
Wow. Very edgy. Being as offensive as possible will never be funny or get your point across effectively.
Other words you might use. Dumb or stupid.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You should refrain from including the hateful ableist insults in your comments; it adds nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
You aren't helping your argument when you use misogynistic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the terms "c--t" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive; their ill-considered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
"Ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using that word in a conversation about video games is really jarring and immature.
There is no reason to say this hateful word. It should be exchanged for something else. This will show your point more clearly.
Think of the disabled people that you have known before you use a word like that.
Instead of just name calling actually contribute to the conversation with a thought filled response.
You are knowingly breaking the rules. If you want to stay in the subreddit and be able to add to the conversation then follow the rules.
Hey I can see that you're frustrated but this is a pretty closeminded thing to say.
Your name calling does not add to the conversation and I am confused as to why you are name calling in the first place. Try to be more clear
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
How original an insult... /s
I think adoption is a worthwhile suggestion
Sheesh throwin' women under the bus here...
You apparently can't handle being considered offensive.
You hate LGBT people and women how "tough" of you /s
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
There are more specific terms to define political affiliation that don't attack someone for their beliefs
Political views have nothing to do with being pulled over for speeding.
Offensive language doesn't add to the conversation.
n/a
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We all have an opinion and that doesn't mean the other is mentally impaired. I get what you're saying and I agree.
Don't use medical conditions to bash others or pick on other peoples' political choices.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
Global warming is overrated but our planet is definitely going through some changes. I think more natural ones though.
Please don't bash people due to their race or gender.
As a woman I can tell you that word is one of the worst things you can call us.
Please don't bash people due to their gender.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We don't need more rights per say. We just want equal rights and equal pay.
Women don't get any special passes but many men do attempt to treat us more delicately because we're not a man.
Watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
If you wanna not look stupid you should not use terms like "aspergers person". Just some advice.
Not sure what's going on but all of you need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
Call them by any other name and you're fine.
Just because you're an actress doesn't mean your not telling the truth. There's a difference between acting and lying like that.
Watch the language please. This isn't appropriate.
Re--rd" and its variants as used here offend many and should be avoided.
Please take caution in using such words filled with aversion and instead use text that is more acceptable.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
The words you say are demonstrating a wounding picture to others so please try more genial communications.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That may be an unintelligent thing to do but insulting people based on intelligence is a mean thing to do.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Wow whether you think something is wrong or not doesn't mean you should insult the intellectually disabled.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
You can disagree with something that is happening whithout calling degatory names. Using that language dismisses a lot of people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
These terms are offensive towards other group.  It's not necessary to use them as an insult on social media.
Using that language is offensive. People who have disablities should be treated equal and not put down.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Retard" is a very hurtful derogatory term. It would be better to use "mentally ill".
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
Using ableist slurs makes it hard to take you seriously.
Retard" is a hurtful derogatory term. It is an insult to mentally ill people.
Please use language that is respectful of women and different abilities.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Please use language that is respectful towards different cultures and sexual orientations.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language.
Using the c-word to insult a female is offensive and hurtful.
Ask the person to not refer to feminists in such a negative tone.
Use of hurtful and offensive slurs really downgrades the discussion here and is unacceptable.
Don't refer to the woman with those offensive terms
I get your point
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't call the judge a retard just because you don't agree with his decision.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using the term retard in that context is offensive
Trans people make the choice to be who they are. They're still people and deserve to be treated with respect.
Refrain from using abusive and derogatory language.  Remove sexually explicit words
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Avoid language that insults those with developmental disabilities
Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Refrain from word(s) [retarded]. Explicit profanity against developmentally challenged.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I still am confused as to how you're not a man or woman.
The "N word" (even in this use) is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong here.
I don't think anyone should be referred as a white or black person. We are all people period. Stop the racial profiling.
McCaskill is a little too much with the agenda.
There's no need to use that word here you can call them unfunny without being rude.
I am white and I only hear that term used when making fun of someone or trying to be funny within the culture so it depends on content.
There's no need to be so rude she wouldn't comment on your weight so why are you commenting on hers?
I rather tell the driver which way to go sometimes because I might know a faster/cheaper route.
Both those words are offensive and you can vent your frustration at them without being rude.
The whole GamerGate thing is out of hand and needs to be closed out already.
It takes away from your argument when you can't get your point across without swearing.
Please cease the comments that are nasty and hurtful to the innocent.
Please eliminate the speech that is contemptuous and use language that is more hospitable.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You don't need to offend all homosexuals to express the fact you don't like the parties involved. Just an FYI
I can tell that you are passionate about the topic but please convey your thoughts in a way that is not so damaging to others.
A lot of good people had a lot of bad things done to them having to do with that hateful word you're throwing around. it's the 21st century
There are plenty of other words that you could have used to convey that opinion. Slurs won't strengthen your opinion.
Woah man don't cut yourself on that edge.
Using bitch and retarded as insults is hate speech do not use such language here
"Stupid" or its 50 other synonyms could have sufficed here. America can have questionable rules but that doesn\'t mean you need to use slurs
Using retards as an insult is hateful do not do it.
"I don\'t agree with this political group so I\'m gonna use slurs!! That\'ll show them." - you probably. Do us all a favor and grow up.
Even though I might agree with the content in some of the posts
Using "b--ches" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret--ds" or "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I am not sure what the previous post was as it was removed
I think you can come up with a better insult. That word is hurtful to many people.
The use of "ret--ds" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's funny because Trump supports authoritarian policies. That said Vagina is not a good insult as women are people.
I still don't fully understand how a lawsuit to help Asian's will also help us.
If the Attorney General says it's fine than it must be.
Speaking of hurtful your comment is extremely so. You post this because you want to be validated but it's unacceptable.
If I find a meme that's hurtful I simply scroll past it or click to not follow that person; simple.
Whether or not OP is unintelligent is irrelevant to the discussion they were trying to provoke.
I cannot understand this argument between anime and fascism.
You're spamming offensive content. There is nothing wrong with being gay and I'm reporting you to the mods.
Serena Williams is beautiful but she has a terrible temper.
Offensive language isn't really adding to the conversation.
Your sentiment is right but this subreddit has strict rules about certain language. Please watch this in the future.
This is inappropriate. Please watch the language.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Using ableist slurs don't add anything to the conversation.
Not sure what's going on here but this is toeing a line. Be Careful.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Offensive language isn't making you seem as intelligent as you think you are.
This is all bordering on sexism and is frankly plain ignorant. Please consider using different words.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This conversation is absurd and borders on hate speech. Let's watch the language please.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using language that is violent against people with disabilities makes everything you're saying seem invalid. It makes you seem ignorant.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Stop using medical conditions racism and political propaganda as insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Using language that's violent towards people with disabilities just maesk you sound ignorant and makes people distrust your argument.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
There's absolutely no reason to use that word to get your point across. Many females find it highly offensive.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability and race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The woman's behavior stands for itself. You don't need to insult a whole gender to express your displeasure.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Just because you don't like the woman doesn't make it necessary to use such an offensive term. All it does is make you look bad too.
Please refrain from using slurs against the disabled.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please do not use hate speech against the disabled.
1: Calling her those names doesn't actually show what she did wrong. And using those names undermines your arguments.
The words "bit-h" and "c--t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Hate speech against someone's gender and death threats will not be tolerated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Slurs against someone's gender or race will not further this conversation and is unacceptable.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Refrain from using hate speech about someone's gender.
Using ableist slurs isn't gonna help you get respect from anyone.
Do not use a mental disability for your own personal insult.
Some people dedicate years of their life to manual labor. They work long days because no one else will and often do overtime.
Do not use that type of offensive sexual language when responding.
Feminism isn't about abandoning anything. It's to get paid equally and respected as a human being rather being seen as a lesser species.
Avoid using hateful terms and sexual terms when responding to others.
Educating is far more effective of a tool than degradation.
Using ableist slurs in an attempt to deflect doesn't really make you seem very level headed.
Please avoid insulting others with terms tat deal with disabilities.
Political party holds no title to be demeaned as they just mean a set of beliefs not facts.Free speech comes at a cost.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
You cross over into being a dick when you can't seem to develop a vocabulary beyond a few hateful words.
Please don't use offensive language like this.  We need constructive debates in order to make progress.
Calling your debate opponent autistic or "ret--ded" with no evidence for either is not helping your position.
It's one thing to not agree with a lifestyle
The harmful and offensive language is  completely unnecessary.  If this is how you feel about things then please keep them to yourself
"Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Yes this term is incredibly offensive and has no place being used in this forum.  Keep your negative opinions and attitudes to yourself.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That is just awful. Anyone taking advantage of a bedridden person is just evil. I hope she's in jail.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Racism and sexism are not acceptable on this site. Continue to use such language and receive an IP ban.
"Ret--d(ed)" "c--t" and "b--ch" are all offensive terms of hate; please find a way to express your opinion without them.
If you can't make a point without ableist language then you'll face a suspension. If you then continue to post hate speech you'll be banned
I actually did see this and I don't think any part of the game was racist at all.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it certainly detracts from your message.
Your points fall flat if you need to rely on ableist language to make them. Continued use of such language can lead to a ban.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided because it targets all women.
No matter your reason refrain from using sexist language or face a suspension or possible ban.
I have been hurt by many men in my life
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There's no excuse for ableist language. Continued use will lead to a suspension.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Please convey your thoughts in a way that is not disgraceful to others.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women as its a direct attack based on gender
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your words are quite abrasive so please limit the hurtful comments.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Haha I've never seen someone be that vocally afraid of women.
Send out your comments with more congenial expressions please.
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack based on gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please communicate your opinions in a manner that is more congenial.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Sad that you think it's okay to use ableist slurs in an attempt to add to the discussion.
2. inadequate expression: "piss poor retarded attempt
While the legal defense may have been poor bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unwarranted.
Sad that you think it's funny to use misogynistic slurs in an attempt at humor.
2.  " a shit about your mom being dead"\n3.  " sex with the corpse"\n4.  sex his dead mom \n7. "fuck OP"\n8. "fucking cunt"
Your mother would be ashamed of you. Stop using the c word.
1 firecracker\n3 stupid bot\n4 what a cracker\n6 cracker\n7 newmug\n8 retard bot\n9 newmug\n10 cunt
Hey maybe the bot is right. Let's not use slurs.
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
2  "only retards believe in"
While astrology may be dubious pseudoscience bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unfair.
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of comprehension of the topic.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling doesn't make any points.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This foul language shows a lack of intelligence.
You should not use that word to talk about women. It is very offensive
Stop using gender based insults.
It is ok for you to express your opinion but you could do it without using that word to describe this women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Stop using a medical condition to insult others.
I don't know what that word means but I think it's hate speech. Think about how you'd feel if someone called you that.
Think about how you would feel if someone said that to you. Also reported for using hate speech.
Guys people have been killed over this dichotomous us-versus-them discourse before. Let's not use hate speech and treat each other kindly.
Let's just accept that there are extremists on both ends of the spectrum and move on. Attacking them like this only fuels their fire.
Speaking of rape intellectually disabled people are  more likely to experience sexual assault! Their lives are awful let's not insult them
This discourse is great. It's important that we share different opinions but attacking people like this will drop your credibility.
Homeless people are not helpless. Some do have mental illness and we do nothing to help them. Others are lost in a failed system.
Someone needs to learn to hold a conversation without using childish insults.
If you stopped all that negative commenting I might be able to understand the topic of conversation.
I think only a woman is a lesbian but I might be wrong.
It's okay to not want to reproduce with someone you don't find attractive. You cannot prevent someone from finding a more suitable mate.
The use of foul language makes the point that is trying to be made that much harder to understand.
Stop using gender based insults.
Her rack has nothing to do with what happened to her. Objectifying a woman while also insulting her isn't okay.
Talking about women in such a manner shows a serious lack of respect.
Stop using gender based insults.
That word doesn't really apply. You never know who has a kid or a sibling that has had that word thrown at them in the ugliest way.
The use of foul language makes it difficult to see the point that was trying to be made.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults.
The concept of a woman raping a man is new to me but I can see how it's possible.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I wish the USA had $10 daycare when my kids were small!
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I'm sure Our Lord would agree with the 1st part
Perhaps the airline just didn't know she was a doctor. Wow that is a bit much.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The whole thing is a mess. I am a white person who likes to write letters and 9/10 times I get what I ask for.
Please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I'd be more interested in hearing your side of this if you didn't use that word.
A woman should never be refered to with that term no matter what her behavior.
When you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character.
You should consider burden someone has wtih a metal disability and how difficult it mus be for their loved ones. Also Homophobia is not OK.
It's really hard to want to listen to you when you use words like those.
Would you feel the same way if someone sexually assaulted your mother because a man bought her a drink and felt entitled to ?
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Most people of all races aren't bilingual.
You can't really correct people while being insultive even if they're obviously wrong.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are people that find words offensive based on experience
We are all global citizens and we should be mindful of that in the 21st century.
While both parties might be in the wrong hate speech isn't warranted.
Just because you may not like someone you still should not call them derogatory names
I seriously doubt people are actually 'triggered' by winter. Also don't use hate speech towards the intellectually disabled.
Hey guys if we want people to view us as being in the right we shouldn't use hate speech like the r-word.
The 'r' word is incredibly offensive and I think everyone should refrain from using it
Hey let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled and not lump them in with frivolous lawsuit makers.
The 'r' word is really offensive you shouldn't be using it
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Here
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The terms "f--g(ot)" and the "n-word" are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Stop gender bashing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
The word 'faggot' needs to reconsidered here
Stop using words to bash sexual choices of others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Its not right to use the word 'autistic' the way you have
Please stop gender bashing and using serious medical conditions to express yourself.
The R word isn't a joke. All people deserve respect
stop using medical conditions as insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
No need to attack women.
Do not use that word.  It is incredibly offensive and has no place in conversations.
Sorry people aren't all the same like you.
You can't define someone by their sexuality as people act out of their perceived norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
People of all kinds have needs. Try to have an open mind.
Everyone deserves to be treated with respect and that's all that the OP is asking for that doesn't mean that he's needy.
Referring to someone as going "full retard" is obscene and offensive. Try to understand why she is the way she is.
Just because someone disagrees with you doesn\'t make them a "garbage human" or a "retard".
Let's try to keep the language civil.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Offensive slurs aren't really part of an intelligent conversation.
Try to use language that doesn't disparage someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Come on dude.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Wow woman hater...
Nobody's gonna listen to you and take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
This is clearly a hoax. Secondly don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And stop using slurs.
"Cu--ts" and "ret---(ed)" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
Hey terms like that are ableist. Please be more respectful to mentally ill people and don't use them.
Speaking of getting penalized for verbal abuse I'm reporting you to the mods. Stop using slurs.
I cannot believe you would use such language on a public forum. I am your grandmother and I am horrified.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
You are simultaneously talking down to a person for their rude words
Wow guys let's try respecting women and the intellectually disabled a little more.
"Cu--t(s)" and "ret---ed" are terms of hate and ignorance and have no place in compelling argument
As silly as people sort of panicking about nuking their neighbors is labeling them an offensive term attacking women is not needed.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
C--t(s)" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Those terms are derogatory to black people and women. Now that you are all aware we should learn and move forward from this.
Using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you do not like the videos but words like those are offensive and demeaning to those with disabilities.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
It would be better to not attack her because she is female. If you disagree with her ideals then debate those not her gender.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You mention class but then use an offensive word attacking a woman just because she is female. Follow your own advice it's quite good.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you're trying to make a point but please watch the language.
Even if you don't agree with her behavior there is no reason to identify her with a vulgar name.  We can discuss without insults.
I understand the argument you're trying to make but please watch the language.
This is disturbing and inappropriate. This is your first and only warning.
I understand this is frustrating news but please watch your language.
This language is no longer acceptable. Please adjust.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
We should focus on the topic and not attack someone with racially charged language when criticizing their actions
Using "bi--h" "c--t" and the "n word" all reflect both an enormous amount of bottled anger and a high level of insensitivity. Avoid here.
feminists might have another viewpoint and additional concerns but calling them insulting names is not helpful or acceptable for discourse
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
trans people like all people can have opinions that differ from yours and that is ok what is not ok is attacking them for their identity
This use of the "c---" term to refer to another person is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
While that may be of poor quality using hate speech is unwarranted.
I really want people to stop censoring comics. We grew up with these comics this way so leave them alone.
I doubt they are intellectually disabled but if they were it would not change their value as a human.
They need better cameras on there so that she can get arrested.
Waking up to reality can be hard. Like waking up to the reality that you're a terrible person for using hate speech. I wish you luck with it
I am afraid to ask what this dance is all about.
You're not being the person Jesus thought you could be using the c word like that.
Good luck having that profession and ever being taken serious if that really does happen in the future. Terrible thing to lie about.
To use the word cunt is far too abrasive. If you use this language
Perhaps you should take to heart that people are telling you your actions are hurting them.
"retard" and "cousin fucker" don\'t add to the conversation.'
Why do you have to use such harsh language.  You could be much more civilized and your opinions would be much more coherent.
Even if you are trying to defend other people resorting to this language makes you look bad.
Resorting to base namecalling
Why does everyone have to use such offensive language.  just because someone disagrees with you there is no reason to use that language.
This makes the conversation silly and meanspirited when it could have taken another direction.
Stop using racism and sexual choices as insults.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Its kinda like a long running musical its great
Let's maintain maturity and not use words that insult people's sexuality.
Just because someone's name sounds a certain way doesn't mean anything about them that's narrow minded.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Hey let's not treat the intellectually disabled like that. How do you think they feel about being used as insults?
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Here's an idea! Why don't you stop calling women derogatory names and let us have our fun without poisoning the discourse?
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
The use of this slur is offensive and hurtful as it denigrates homosexuals.
I am sure some players enjoy this option
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Resisting arrest is never a good option.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
That is just rude. No one's face should be slapped and no one should be called a cunt face.
Retarded is inappropriate way to classify someone's political stance.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Just because you believe someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they need to be called retarded.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Retard is such an offensive word. There are better words to express how you feel about someone without being so offensive.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Something you don't agree with does not need to be called retarded. That word is offensive to a lot of people.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
Just because you don\'t care what someone has to say doesn\'t mean you should tell them to "fuck off" and/or call them a cunt.
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
People have the rights to practice any sexuality they deem fit as far as it isn't harming others. We shouldn't insult them for it.
Have the chatbox type*&^% when offensive words are typed in a comment.
Please don't refer to Asians using outdated and derogatory names.
It is considered rude to use derogatory terms regarding a person's disability.
Don't use medical conditions to bash political choices of others.
There is now reason to ever use a term so offensive to disabled people.
Stop gender bashing and using medical conditions to insult others.
Both of you are acting childish. Your entitled to your own opinions but name calling isn't getting either of you anywhere.
We don't need to use insults at all especially though offensive to the disabled.
Don't use gender bashing or medical conditions to insult others.
The 'r' word is offensive and should not be used to further your argument
Can't take you seriously when you have ableism in your comment.
The 'r' word is very offensive and there are other words you could have used to prove your point
Any intelligent thing you had to say is ruined by the ableist slur you included in your comment.
There are better alternatives to using the 'c' word here
The language in these posts is uncalled for.  You don't even know what this person was dealing with so why immediately resort to insulting.
Stop bashing medical conditions gendernationality political choicesreligious choices and sexual choices!
Please refrain from using stereotypes profanity and derogatory remarks about others' sexuality.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Please refrain from using profanity and referring to individuals based on something outside their control.
Please find a way to relay opinions without resorting to profanity or racial stereotype terminology.
Don't insult medical conditions and political choices.
Please refrain from using terminology that is a direct attack on someone's disability.
Please opt for using other words to define stupid or unlogical actions ot prevent association with mental handicaps.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid.
Name calling speaks volumes to that persons characteristics.
Gender stereotyping should be avoided as it bears no value to this discussion
All of the name calling and foul language takes away from the point that is trying to be made.
The use of name calling and foul language doesn't make the point more valid.
We should still be mindful of what others might think or feel about the issue
Using yours or others personal experience to define non binary as mentally unstable is probably not accurate. See if there are some studies.
Regardless of what they are using you should not fall to their level and start insulting
Its offensive to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on someone's sexual orientation
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word 'ttwat'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
So people disagreeing with you means they can't function. Gotcha.
Sheesh that took me by surprise. A little aggressive with the insults.
Wow that's aggressive.
Man you seem really angry.
This is incredibly offensive and unacceptable.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I would take your post more seriously if you didn't use vulgar terms referring to people who are homosexual.  Being homosexual is not wrong.
Watch the language. This in inappropriate.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Watch the language. I understand your sentiment but you can avoid that kind of speech.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Let's watch the language. I understand you're quoting an article but you can censor yourselves.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I understand you don't agree with the law
Watch the language please.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Hey let's not use slurs against the intellectually disabled.
Wow you need to do more research before you come on here and spew hatred.
I'm not sure if your post was meant to be hateful or funny but it was offensive.
Wow way to use hate speech against someone you think is wrong. How understanding of you! So kind.
That kind of language shows a lack of character in my opinion.
Let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive to families/ friends everywhere
Stop using gender based insults.
It's hard to respect anything you have to say when you use ableist slurs in your arguments.
Stop bashing peoples' sexuality and medical conditions.
Stop using gender based insults.
You may have had a good point but it was ruined by the ableist slur.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Avoid using deragatory language when describing people or process'.  Avoid using profanity when describing objects
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid using sexually explicit terms (i.e.  [cunt]   )
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
There's no reason to use that word. It's highly offensive to homosexuals.
Consider using more appropriate terms when describing individuals.  Avoid deragatory terms that are biased towards specific populations
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because you don't agree with the doesn't mean you have to resort to using such derogatory terms.
Avoid using profane language. Omit term [cunt].. Replace deragtory words with socially appropriate terms.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Saying retarded is offensive and ableist.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I don't know if a hair cut comment deserves an attack like that.
The word cunt is offensive to women and you should not use it to describe this woman.
n/a
The word retarded is ableist and offensive.
Let's take personal vendettas out of this feed and somewhere more private if we are calling names and arguing back and forth.
Immigrants and muslims are humans and are not threatening your way of life.
Using that kind of language isn't helping anyone and is irrelevant
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
People can say things spur of the moment that if they reflected on it more they might not. Case in point: the women above... and us too
Who cares what people do as long as it doesn't affect your life at all
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Let's all have high standards... and try to keep this civil!
Generalizations based on race are never a great idea... let's focus on the players themselves
using that language isn't helping anyone
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think any of us can speak for all of one gender... Let's try to just speak for ourselves right?
Derogatory terms are unnecessary.  You could have expressed your opinion without name calling and insults
If a woman made most of the money than legally she must pay alimony. It doesn't matter what he spends it on. Law is law.
Demeaning terms meant to insult people with real legitimate disabilities is uncalled for.  That language should never be used.
People can say the same for every party. Some has merit but not everyone is bad.
Your language is completely uncalled for.  Using a derogatory term directed at people with legitimate disabilities is wrong.
Exactly not everyone is bad. We need to stop grouping everyone into one group.
We all need to calm down. Gender equality is long over due but not to the extreme that we get more than men.
Why would you use this demeaning term to express your opinion about someone that you do not even know.  this was uncalled for.
I love Trump too!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language that attacks someone based on their gender.
Talking down on someone and calling them names isn't going to get anyone to listen to your point of view.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as attacking others for their race.
Name calling and using foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others.
Calling people names and not using much reasoning will not get people to understand your point of view.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when commenting.
Calling names and using foul language does not solve the problem.
But it does make you worthy of basic respect.
It doesn't make you special but it does warrant some extra considerations.
You shouldn't call someone white trash by their looks.
Best to avoid racial slurs
Yeah but it's best not to make sweeping generalizations about people. They both might need some help is all.
This concept of "sjw" needs to die. There is no point to a gender/sex war either. We are all humans and should be working together.
Let's not condemn them so harshly for their behavior. They must be super drunk and are not in control.
Let's watch the language a little bit please.
Stop using gender based insults.
Responding in such a dramatic way to a comment is not going to help to leave a positive impression of your group.
Let's avoid this language. I understand your anger but this borders on misogynistic.
stop using gender based insults.
I can see that you've been upset by this crime but you don't need to treat women this way as a group.
This kind of language isn't acceptable anymore.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
This is a really childish word to use under these circumstances and there was no cause for it.
This kind of language isn't appropriate anymore. Try to be more careful.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Please don't speak this way about a dead man or his constituents.
Stop using medical conditions and peoples' political choices as insults.
Thinking of your ideological opponents in this way is going to change your ability to think rationally.
Do not allow offensive words to be typed in the chatbox.
While she may be misappropriating the money you turning female genitalia into a slur is just silly.
Vilifying female genitalia and comparing corporate policy to the holocaust are intellectual cop outs to make your points.
To claim someone has an intellectual disability because you don't agree with their opinion is silly.
You could have expressed your opinion in an intelligent way but you decided not to.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help make your point.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use that type of hateful language to insult someone.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further your point in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further any point you were trying to make.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted.
It's never a sign of intelligence when someone uses an ableist slur.
Racist and offensive slang terms for people with disabliles are not permitted
Can't take you seriously with your use of misogynistic slurs.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the term cunt is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the word retards is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities and against reddit policy.
Using 'faggots' is offensive and inappropriate because its a direct attack based on one's sexual orientation
Use of the term faggot is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the term retarded is offensive and against reddit policy.
its inappropriate to use words such as fag and dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Fag and dyke are offensive and against reddit policy.
This type of language isn't acceptable.  If you don't have anything constructive to say
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
This is an extremely derogatory term.  Even though it wasn't specifically directed at someone in particular
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Utilizing that term is extremely demeaning to gay people.  It is a hurtful word that shouldn't be used in this context.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Don't use such words
Please eliminate the speech that is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please stop the offensive language toward women and use words that are more respectful.
Using "c---"  to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Please look at the words you use against women and communicate with more neutral speech.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
As a female I think that women who lie about rape should be arrested and put in jail for a min of 60 days.
There is a woman trying to express pain and you are making this an unsafe conversation for her.
You should look into the history of these movements it might help you to understand why people are reacting badly to it.
If Hillary took money from her I mean she didn't know the connection. No I am not a Hillary fan
These words are really out of place in this conversation and you should try to be more thoughtful.
This is the world we live in now. Everyone is offended by everything.
You should meet more disabled people and ask them how they feel about this word.
You should try to listen to people who are telling you that they are being hurt.
While I can appreciate the point of view and the sentiment
I agree that small crimes resulting in jail time do create a worse criminals. But the reform should be for everyone.
Although I know everyone is entitled to an opinion
Everyone has different personalities.  I find some people harder to 'read' in general men and women.
Well men and women can be moody but neither are those words.
It's not okay to insult anyone based on just their location or color.  I have lived in the north and south and both can be racist and mean.
Honestly I think every nationality has a tendency to not be socially diverse unless forced. I grew up in a mix community and it's great.
While I agree with the fact that there is embarrassment going on
Good she should be fired. Nobody should be making such false accusations against another person.
Don't insult women by associating us with him
This word is derogatory to women.  It might be a good idea to think about your response before posting it next time.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I don't like her either
This word is extremely offensive to the mentally challenged.  You might want to think about the effects that your words have before posting
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
That response is demeaning to women.  Next time respond withing using offensive language.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The term retarded is highly offensive to the mentally challenged community
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please think about your choice of words so that others aren't wounded with them.
You'd sway more people with that argument if you made it without using such offensive slurs.
It's obviously not as black and white as this. Also you're complaining about be labeled anti feminism but using that word. Interesting.
When you use that word it makes me discount your opinion.
Interesting that you consider yourself so smart but can't think of better ways to express your view
When you say that word it makes me it difficult for me to want to engage in conversation with you.
I hope you can resolve whatever issue is making you so angry at these other groups that you feel the need to only refer to them by slurs
When you use those words they completely invalidate your point.
It's funny how insecure women make you feel. I hope you can find the power to change one day
You'd have a stronger argument if you didn't use such an offensive word.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Ask the person to please refrain from using profanity and name calling.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Try to use more descriptive adjectives that are more sensitive to others.
Don't mention the n-word in full unless you're black
delete the whole entire thing and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from swearing and also inappropriate sexual innuendos.
Please don't call people from Appalachia that word
delete the convo and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from using stereotypes against particular individuals.
You missed the part where you're not supposed to call people slurs based on female genitalia.
suspend the second user.. well the user 1 actually
Please refrain from using sexist and vulgar language.
User 4: please do not accuse people of having intellectual disabilities as a way of insulting them
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't make them less than you.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
Please do not insult people by saying they have mental disabilities.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't make them less than you.
Please do not claim people have mental disabilities as a way of disparaging them.
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
can you not respond without being offensive
That term really bothers me.
Well you could have made your point without such strong language.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
you all are out of control. check yourselves
good arguments here but it gets lost in the hate
This is sort of hateful.
another seemingly good potential debate ruined by idiocy
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can get your point across without using the word retarded thank you.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language and mental illnesses as insults.
When you resort to using stupid slurs you know your argument isn't as strong. Grow up.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
"retarded" is so outdated. use something else.
Using such foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I really hope that she didn't commit sexual assault because then it just makes her entire argument false.
Slandering someone in such a way speaks volumes about the people doing it.
The world is going insane with all these gender choices. Just pick one and stick with it already.
The use of such foul language shows a lack of understanding for the topic.
I say it over and over but these topics don't belong in our comics. As a comic lover since a child it's not funny anymore.
The use of foul language make people think there is a lack of understanding of the topic being discussed.
The whole idea of the zombie is getting a little tired but they make a lot of money so it works for the industry.
When discussing a topic
Please eliminate the detestable language and use words that are more fair.
Not only should he sue her but she needs to be arrested. Women like her are why others are not believed when claiming rape.
Take out the negativity please and stick to the concerns.
I wish I could get paid Before actually working. That would be nice.
Please take out the rude remarks and say something productive.
The whole thing is crazy. We are all humans and need to stop this racism already it's 2019.
Pretty funny
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Whoa dude. No need to use that kind of language. It would have been netter if you didn't respond at all.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
It's strange to see the words courtesy and cunt in the same sentence.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
It seems to me your main problem is with her viewpoint not her gender. There's no need to call her a cunt.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that. So depressing.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of thought.
This term is highly offensive. I'm not sure why we can't insult each other without using it. You can get your dislike across in other ways.
Please be nice to each other.
What's really ugly is using terminology that offends an entire gender just to express your distaste.
There's no reason to use that language.
Your participation in this sub along with your choice to use slurs says so much about where you're at in life
We get it. You don't like her. There's no reason to use such an offensive term just to express that.
Just call them a woman.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I wonder if he was arrested if she lied and said he hit her. Hopefully a video was taken.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
All women want is respect and to be paid equally simple.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Rick will probably win this case too.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Being a celebrity or known in a city isn't all that great. It attracts a lot of different types of unwanted company.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
As Americans we all really need to come together and stop seeing color. We all bleed red so we're all the same deep inside.
I don't think that you should spend your time disputing numbers backed by research.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People are allowed to critique institutions that serve them even if they're not a part of them.
Wow angry at women for something so simple. Come on dude.
If you are really worried about injustice you shouldn't be using that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't supporting your argument to jump right to this kind of anger.
Yup because misogyny means you're right! /s
Interesting that that's all you could come up with to comment on the situation
Using female genitals as an insult is outdated and unacceptable.
That kind of language is an attack on her female identity.
You could make your point without disrespecting individuals with mental disabilities.
This is an attack on trans women implying that they cannot be beautiful.
Ironic that you guys are using slurs to call people stupid
Your point could have been made in a way that seemed intelligent instead.
While her behavior may be suspect your practice of using female genitalia as a derogatory term is also.
Using that kind of language toward a trans woman is an attack on her gender identity.
Female genitalia should be revered. They bring life into the world.
Despite her wrongful actions using that kind of language is attacking women.
I'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
The article is full of hate no need for you to add more.
While this woman's actions are horrible please refrain from using vulgar slang in describing individuals.
You're basically mocking half of America.
This story is terrible but the racist banter is totally pointless.
Please refrain from using vulgar racial slang on the forum. It violates the terms of service.
I get what you're trying to say but those words are harmful in any circumstance.
Hate speech isn't cool even if you hate men and women equally.
I'd be more apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word.
I dislike niche games too but the hateful slurs are unnecessary.
You seem to have a real problem with women's body parts.
I think that you can see that these are not equivalent if you're being honest with yourself.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Sexual orientation shouldn't be used in a derogatory manner.
I don't think that you should be spending so much energy defending your right to violence.
The use of "retard" is offensive and not useful to your argument.
I don't know why you would bring disabled people into your insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Stop gender bashing.
How original an insult... /s You're so afraid and basic.
Using that kind of language is unnecessary also that's lumping together entire huge groups of people
Stop making racist remarks!
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using a term that is for a medical condition.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that kind of language is pointless bad people are bad people but not all women are now responsible for these
Stop using gender bashing words.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that language doesn't help support anyone's argument
Stop gender bashing.
The people in this conversation don't want to fight with you and you have a chance to part ways peacefully!
You should try to keep the language clean. Try using the "C word" instead.
You might try to tone down your language
If you want to have an honest ideological discussion about this
Dumb or stupid would better apply in your argument.
If you don't use words like retard people will listen to you more
Hey
Please try to use a more PC word.  Like dumb.
using words like retard doesn't improve your writing
Please refrain from using racial and homophobic slurs.
I think it's certain type of racist hateful or nasty words that it monitors.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as insults
The entire concept behind Diablo Immortal video game is negative so what is the issue now.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
If you want people to spend money it's not a good idea to insult the customers.
Please refrain from attacking women for their fashion choices and gender.
No parent ever encourages this behavior.  It is always sad when a daughter doesn't turn out the way you thought.
Please refrain from making personal attacks for others.
I love Judge Judy leave her alone!
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Ret--ds" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Look for years movies and video games used humor like this. I don't get why now all of the sudden it's racist and wrong.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms
I mean hey she's just a girl!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking to others.
No woman should have sex with a minor. I know the boys think it's cool but they don't understand the long term mental damage.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others.
Sounds like she got scared. I don't think she should of ever had a gun in the first place if she's gonna react that way.
That implies that people with mental disabilities are incapable of speaking/writing.  They still communicate in the same way.
Offensive language will not be tolerated.
I know you guys are joking but you guys are being quite insensitive
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I understand this conversation is heated and tense but let's try to avoid that kind of language.
"Ret--ds " and "ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Lot's of the language you use in your comment is very offensive. If you disagree with someone you should not point out their religion.
Watch the language please. This is toeing the line.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Watch the language. This is a warning.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
She was probably just distracted the same way anyone could get.
Woah
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Gender bias exists but it's still wrong. That's why we use the word bias to mean there's something wrong with the logic of it.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
There's no reason to call her a cunt. The thing you disagree with has nothing to do with her being a female.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
When you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" people are not going to take you seriously.
The hateful sexist language in your comment isn't helping your argument or contributing to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
sexist and racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
There's no reason to use the C-word or call someone names here. You don't know the whole story.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
That's really offensive to call people names like that. Just let it go - there's no reason to say things like that.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to the conversation.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Do you really have to use demeaning and offensive language to express your opinion on divorced women?
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Watch your language.  That term is used to insult people with disabilities and has no place here.
Why are you using this term.  It is harmful and offensive and has no place being used to express opinions.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
And then there are those who never learn from history
I understand the frustration but the name calling is a bit much.
"Ret---ed" and "ret---ation" as used is patently offensive; it should be avoided here.
This has nothing to do with mental disability or retardation but everything to do with corporate greed.
Both parties have their issues and the left are not the ones doing the name-calling in this instance.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's good that you've clarified that you did not mean to attack ESL but you're still using ableist language.
1. inadequate words: dumbestfull retard
Name calling such as that does not efficiently describe the point that is trying to be made.
1. inadequate word:retarded
There are much better ways to explain someone's lack of intelligence than stooping to name calling.
Using language such as this make the point invalid in others eyes.
right winger"\n3. inadequate expressions: "right winger
dumb people"'
The language that was used caused a pointless argument with no actual evidence or opinions in sight.
1. inadequate words: "fucking clue
mouth breathers"'
Adding the foul language before the rest of the comment does not make it more impactful.
Guys
We all really need to do a better job of not stereotyping others and knowing the facts.
I think we all know there's a problem could we talk about it intelligently without durogatory terms?
Although deflecting accusations by using one's sexuality is not good
It's not really cool to paraphrase for others that person never said that
I think you might be exaggerating someone else's point of view it can't be that bad.
Although that word may seem like it's not that bad
I don't really see the point of using the R word makes your argument invalid.
I don't think that name calling is necessary here.
Calling people that is quite extreme considering it's just a tweet. No need to be so aggressive to others.
No point in continually using the R word never gets your point across very well just a heads up
I think there is a better word you could use rather than to call someone retarded even medical professionals don't use that term anymore.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Perhaps they're writing in a style that suits them .
Your language displays a lack of character and suitable vocabulary.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Calling someone the c-word is offensive because it derogates woman and so this is not acceptable language.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please do not use mental disabilities as an insult towards others.
Typically people who feel the need to call women thots and cunts are the ones who aren't getting laid
The use of the c-word is highly offensive not just insulting a person here but also derogatory of all woman.
Gratuitously calling someone with the c-word is hurtful and offensive to all woman and completely unacceptable.
Please don't insult others by claiming they have mental disabilities.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"D-ke" as used here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Slurs as these are denigrating people with homosexual orientations and are not acceptable in our conversation.
I know 100% there are soulless people out here I don't care what she says.
"Reta--ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here
The r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities
"Ret--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
The use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as everyone including bots knows.
Perhaps you should do some  thinking and learn to recognize that making generalizations about gender are unfair.
"Cu-t" si a tern of hate and should not be used in intelligent political debate.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Wow sounds like you need to find a better outlet for your anger issues.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your choice of words is small and violates hate speech.
Ouch I'm gonna go cry now someone on the internet insulted me!
What a hateful unpleasant person you are.
Poor choices aren't exclusive to a single race.
That's a particularly uneducated comment.
One's personal life does not necessarily reflect their professional life. In reality
That escalated quickly. Relax no need to attack anyone personally.
Wow real mature to still be using that term.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
intelligence is not something that is determined by gender and it seems as though there was a clarifying question not a missunderstanding
I am still waiting to see the proof of this. Growing up our teachers said the opposite to us.
Using the word retard to describe this situation is inappropriate.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Your comeback is ineffective because all it does is show your hatefulness.
Calling the user a retard doesn't help your argument only shows your hatred.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using the word "retarded" only shows your hatred.
Other words that do not promote a culture of hate would be better suited to make your point and support your argument.
These types of words are considered hateful and should not be used to make arguments seeing as it can be seen as very offensive.
This is a hateful term and is inappropriate to use.
We should try to avoid demeaning  words.
Using offensive language doesn't make anyone seem intelligent.
Please refrain from using such derogatory terms in your argument.
Hateful people exist in all races not just specific ones we have bad experiences with.
"B--ch" and "Fa--ot" are terms of hate and do not belong in this forum.
I still wondering how win the world she did all this without him getting away.
"Tw-t" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
My European ancestors sure did have a way of dressing.
Both use of "the r word" and hate speech about women cause offence and should be avoided in this forum.
Dating can be really fun. Even the bad dates. It makes good stories with your friends for years to come.
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
I love walking simulators!
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
Nothing is going to happen. We get these reports every year on both sides.
Cu--ts" used to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop bashing females because of their gender.
Fa--ots" is potentially a term of hate and is best avoided here.
Stop bashing others for their gender or sexuality.
Dude the reason you've had horrible interactions with women is that you're not self-aware enough to realize you're the problem.
Stop gender bashing and being ugly to women.
I would love to see what you look like without all those Reddit muscles.
Stop gender bashing!
Stop bashing sexuality and political values.
Your fierce disdain for the LGBT community makes me question how secure you are sexually...
Your post does not need to use sexist language for you to express your disapproval of the situation.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and must be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please don't perpetuate sexist stereotypes of women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Well I am glad the reservation is now complete. The Lord does appreciate a sense of humor but I'm not sure he's laughing much today.
Other words equally harsh and less offensive can be used to describe said people.
I don't even know or want to know what a pre divorce ceremony is. The actual divorce party is enough for me!
n/a
Cops shouldn't get a bonus for not assaulting people. It's their job to be professional and the bigger
n/a
Homophobic or ableist remarks are not accepted on this site. Further such hate speech will lead to an IP ban.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of that slur is offensive as it demeans woman.
We all know what that ableist language means. Pretending you don't understand won't prevent you from being banned if you continue using it.
You sure do make their case for them if you can't defend gaming without resorting to transphobia and sexism. Contine to do so and be banned.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable--it is offensive hurtful and derogatory towards all women.
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used to better your argument.
Language like that is offense to large groups of people. Calling names is not funny in anyway. It demotes entire races.
I really hope you know the history that goes into both of those words. Both derogatory and both shouldn't be used to get a laugh.
Lnaguage to dehumanize woment is low and not appropriate. It is harmful to everyone. We need women to be brought up as they are equal.
While I agree with your statement I don't agree with your use of the 'c' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
racism does nothing but hurt the whole reason for the kneeling protest.  your behavior just proves their point more
Some people aren't worth engaging with; just downvote and move on.
Various insults are all denigrating people and are not acceptable in decent conversation.
We all want equality for everybody and it should start with the way we talk to people. Respect begets respect.
Addiction is a serious mental illness that should be addressed better; insulting addicts doesn't help.
Use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Calling names is calling names which is not respectful.
You're going to need to do more convincing than calling people names if they use Facebook.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
I agree but the name calling doesn't seem necessary. Could we verify this?
This conversation is ridiculous and you all need to stop. This is largely anti-women speech and unacceptable.
Watch the language. This is uncalled for.
Everyone is entitled to comment on any sub they wish. If you're quiet and listen you may learn something.
Using words that demean a person's gender identity do not cause productive conversation.
i would delete the whole conversation   its violent and is against women
id delete the whole post and id kick off user 9 for a week but id entirely kick user 10 off the platform
id delete the both comments and penalize both user 1 and user 2
B--ch" c--t "ret--d" "ret---ed" are offensive terms and need to avoided here.
Sad that you think a comment consisting of nothing but offensive language actually adds to the discussion.
This whole conversation is stupid but you are out of line. Watch the language.
Using offensive language doesn't make you seem very intelligent.
Watch the language. This is inappropriate.
Sad that you think using ableist slurs is actually adding to the discussion.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
Offensive language makes it impossible to respect your opinion.
This isn't appropriate. Watch the language.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Stop body shaming and using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using racist and politically motivated choices as insults.
That word is a derogatory term and should not b used when expressing your opinions in the public realm.
Using the term "c--t(s)" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Get that language out of here.  Society has progressed beyond the point of accepting the use of derogatory and offensive statements
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
Why do you have to be so offensive when talking about someone.  You could have said nothing at all.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Unless you're from Australia that word has a highly offensive social context. Do not use it.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using derogatory language is no way to get any point across.
Using derogatory language like that makes it hard to respect any opinion you might have.
Using misogynistic language isn't any way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
I wish your parents had taught you not to use slurs.
Thank you for your mature and level headed input.
I'd say the one being offensive here is you since you're calling people slurs.
These terms do nothing to inflate your argument.
Let's not call women slurs here. We're supposed to be better people than that.
These replies are disgusting and incredibly sexist.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Using offensive language makes it hard for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Hard to take you seriously with all the offensive language.
Slang term for people with disabilies is not permitted
Using ableist slurs doesn't really seem like it really adds anything to the discussion.
Slang terms for people with disabilities is not permitted
Can't take you seriously with all the offensive language.
I can't tell you what you can or cannot say
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Clearly you don't understand Moroccans. Using goat-f*** is truly such profanity and hate. Using the R word is totally undignified
Don't get me wrong I understand your argument but using the derogatory terms about the mentally challenged isn't right either.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive slurs.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using ableist slurs isn't really a good way to get your point across.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language to try and get your point through.
There is no need for you to use words like that
There are other words you can use besides such a vulgar word.
To use the C word to describe elected officials is not acceptable. Any more speech of this type will get you removed.
You are a special kind of vile human being for speaking that way
There are nicer words to use; be conscious of other's feelings.
The use of the C word to describe individuals in realtionships or out of them is unnacceptable and will not be tolerated at all.
Please refrain from using those words to describe someone.
The way you are describing individuals is completely unacceptable and offensive and will not be tolerated here.
There are other words you can use to describe someone other than that.
The means in which you are describing individuals is unacceptable and demeaning and will not be tolerated.
Even if Murkowski does not see your comment it is rather offensive to call someone that name
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
That kind of comment is inappropriate and will not be tolerated immediately deleted if it continues
Wow didnt mother teach you if you dont have something constructive to add to remain silent?
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
The use of that word is unacceptable no matter how it was meant and will be deleted
She might be wrong but no man should ever put his hands on a lady.
n/a
As a woman I just cannot truly understand the extreme some feminists will go. I love men and everyone love each other!
n/a
Removing the feather is really unnecessary. It is like we are trying to remove all culture from gaming. I hate it.
n/a
Hate speech has no place in this conversation
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
Use of the c-word is derogatory and hurtful to all women and not acceptable in our conversations.
Not all females are the same or deserve to be lumped together with hate speech... shitty people are shitty people but don't play their games
Instead of using derogatory or outdated remarks
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Our own personal experience with this matter is not relevant. One experience is not the same as someone else's.
Using the words 'white trash' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their race
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
The vocabulary from users needs to refrain from the use of  words you would not want to hear your 5 year old say.
No political bashing of any kind is tolerated
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Mods aren't of any level.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This answer degrades women.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This speech attacks women for their gender.
n/a
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please illustrate the points of your argument without insulting vulnerable groups.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
It is not constructive to use a term meant to describe one group now a pejorative to insult another. It harms groups and stops discussion.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
I wouldn't use that word as an insult.  It's demeaning towards women.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
There's no reason to escalate to name calling over someone liking a video game.
This term is demeaning towards the mentally handicapped.  It's not necessary to use this kind of language in your response.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
You're literally the example they're talking about acting as if violence is only done by Arabs.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Please don't show such enmity with your words.
Calling each other names does not add any credibility to either side of this debate.
Please express your concerns in a way that is less insulting to others and more objective.
Name calling does not add any strength to your argument.
Please convey your feelings in a way that is kinder and less demeaning.
While one may not agree with another point of view calling someone names does not add any validity to your stance on the subject.
Please try to foster a positive environment with your comments and not hatred.
An incredibly sexist remark. Needless to say perhaps you should look into Marie Curie Rosalind Franklin Barbara McClintock and others.
It is one thing to have preferences. It is another to shame others for their looks or opinions. This is very offensive and unnecessary.
Don't use derogatory terms like this.  this is demeaning and offensive to people with real mental conditions.
There is a lot going on here. It goes without saying one's profession does not define who they are. And please brush up on your history.
Social media can actually be a useful tool when used appropriately and leveraged for the right reasons.
I know you probably don't realize that using the word retarded is hurtful to people that have children or family with this.
Was this language really necessary.  You could have said anything else but instead you pick a harmful and offensive term.
I think there are better ways to express how you're feeling that to describe it that way. Can we rephrase that?
You're projecting your fear all over.
I still say that men aren't supposed to leave any women alone being assaulted. It is just not moral.
Yes
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Agreed comic books and their movies are just not the same.
I would love to see your moms' reaction to that sentiment.
I don't think we need another remake of Charlies Angels this will be the third one I believe.
You're easily offended.
Anyone who has sex I think is considered a 'sexual'.
I wonder if you'll ever find love and acceptance from women given how you treat them. Women are more than their parts.
Would you like if someone used that language about your daughter/mother/sister? No.
Using that word to say that someone is not smart is offensive.It is a medical condition you are born with and shouldn't be used as an insult
If you're  on the left
Using medical diseases as insults is not acceptable. And you're off topic completely.
Why are people always using a medical condition someone is born with as a verb to call someone/something stupid?!
We do not fear hate speech we detest it. You are alienating yourself from the rest of humanity and you will be left behind by the future.
Using a derogatory term is not going to help get your point across any better in fact it will do the complete opposite.
I still don't get where the woman issues come into play regarding a bow and arrow.
Ableist comments have no place in any logical conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
JourneyQuest producers shouldn't of pulled this just because of a Tweet that they've got no control over.
You might have had a good point but you ruined it with the ableist slur.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Ableist slurs have no place in any sort of conversation.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Just because someone has a disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
I hope you don't kiss your momma with that mouth
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Making fun of people because of their sex or disability isn't going to solve anything.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they're dumb.
The use of foul language doesn't make the point any more valid.
All of the foul language and name calling shows a lack of understanding the topic.
Not all women are this way. I just want to be loved and protected.
The foul language and accusations of others has absolutely nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
She was wrong bottom line. We all have bad days and cannot go around lying about rape.
Calling someone such a foul name speaks volumes about that persons characteristics.
I would never get a breast reduction even if they hurt. That is one thing that makes me feel like a woman.
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary.
Russia has been getting involved with US politics more in the last two years than ever. Unless the news is making it up.
Complaining about stupidity
Dumb or Stupid would work here.
I don't know what happened to you to feel the need to demonize women
That is a disgusting thing to say when so many have actually suffered from that crime.
Let's replace the non PC word with dumb or stupid or even not smart!
It takes a large sense of entitlement to just slur a person based on their gender and think you're oh so clever
That's a highly offensive word that you shouldn't use bro
Please find a different word to describe women you do not like.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Yes this is a stupid conversation. Let's avoid this kind of language though.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Also you're projecting.
This is uncalled for. You need to reexamine your language.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that word usage.
Please avoid this type of language here. This is uncalled for.
Muslim countries and the United States are not the only countries which things like this are illegal.
Maybe try re-reading your messages before posting ... then you'd realize your own ignorance.
Doing some research of the "LGBT community" and maybe meeting with LGBT people would probably help you in that aspect.
Oh yeah that's extremely mature ... advocating violence. You're a real tough guy.
Man you guys are gonna get yourselves kicked out of here for talking like that.
The terms "f---ot" "reta--d" and the "n-word" are bigoted and do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
While expressing your views refrain from insulting others who do not agree with your views. It is not tolerated on this site.
Using the offensive misogynistic language completely undermines any point you had.
While your views are appreciated hate speech is not tolerated in this forum. Refrain from name calling immediately.
Using ableist slurs doesn't make anyone seem worth listening to.
Where we value your feedback and thoughts we do NOT tolerate or allow any form of hate speech towards any population.
Using insults or hate speech isn't allowed via this forum and continuing to insult other populations will result in you being banned.
Offensive language adds nothing to the discussion and makes anyone who uses it seems unintelligent.
Please do not let you personal anger spread to others.  this term is demeaning and derogatory to a substantial portion of the population.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
While on the subject of seeing people as people.  why do you insist on using derogatory terms to describe people?
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
You need to rethink your use of certain words.  Our society has progressed to the point where these sort of terms have no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
Harmful and offensive language is completely uncalled for.  Your points could have been made without ever having to utter slurs
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Was that term really necessary.  You could have said stupid dumb uncalled for or basically any other thing that is not a slur.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Refrain from using the word "retarded".  Many users find it offensive
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Warning or Ban.  Harassment will not be tolerated on this site.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Let's try to refrain from using hateful ableist language in this subreddit.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Many users find it offensive.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Avoid using the term "retards." it is offensive to many users.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the sub
Warning. "Cunt is viewed as an offensive term."
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That label is hurtful to many. Please rephrase your question.
I will not proclaim to know your relationship with your son's mother
Judging by the way you choose to see the world it seems she doesn\'t have to try hard to destroy your "reputation".
This is standard procedure by police when an altercation is reported nobody is being targeted unfairly here!
n/a
I can see that you're trying to defend someone's rights but the same principle applies to you about your insulting choice of words.
I can see that you're trying to interpret doctrine but there is no need to introduce such vivid threats.
n/a
You need to take more responsibility for your lack of self control.
n/a
Don't use the r-word when speaking about people. Several people have been affecting by intellectual disabilities and that's very offensive.
The use of foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Don't use the r-word while replying to people. Nearly everyone is affected in some way by intellectual disabilities and it's offensive.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Women aren't entitled to explain their presence in the world to you.
This comment attacks a woman for her gender
It might help you be happier not to assume that all women are out to get you.
This speech attacks women
It isn't kind to use people's sexuality as an insult even if you are trying to help.
This speech attacks LGBT people.
You don't know who that woman is or why she reacted that way
This attacks women with offensive language
Someone being wrong does not equal them being unintelligent. Someone saying something you don't like does not equal them being unintelligent
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the "c---" here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women.
"C--t" "b--ch" as well as "pu--y" and its variants are are sexist terms of hate and so forbidden in this forum.
Use other words like stupid or dumb.
"Fa--ot" as used here offends many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Re---ds" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
"Ret--ded" is not appropriate term for the mentally disabled.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans gays.
Using the word retard as an insult is hateful and cannot be used here.
That isn't always true. As a female we cannot say or do a lot of things.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the word cunt to describe a woman negatively is hateful and must stop.
I am glad the judge even sees when things don't look right or line up. All these witch hunts really need to stop.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans hurts and offends others.
These racially generalized statements are hateful to all groups they target do not insult general racial populations.
As a female I too don't understand the feminism extreme ways sometimes.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using a hate word doesn't make you a bigger or better person. It does the complete opposite.
Hey there! Do not use that type of hateful language referring to sexual orientation.
I believe this language is offensive and intended to incite anger amongst others.  I think censoring this user is the proper thing to do!
There is no reason for you to respond in a vulgar manner regarding disability and sexual genitalia
I understand the frustration and the angst but I do not believe this language is appropriate.
Glad you're woke to the meaning behind that gross word and up to date on all of the problems women face in India. Congratulations.
Hey there please do not use that type of sexual language when responding.
I know this woman's behavior was terrible but I believe calling her vulgar things is not necessary.
I understand that everyone is entitled to their opinion however I do not find your language appropriate!
Most women don't drive free cars. That doesn't even make sense. And your language describing the woman is just absurd.
Hey you can post on here without using vulgar sexual terms.
Yes the woman may have been high or crazy but I don't think calling her names and assuming the worst is a wise thing to do!
The labels don't really help the conversation
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
this guy's either a cop...or having baby Mama issues
let's keep it objective...Book Of Wisdom refers to God's potency as a female
Honestly without women there wouldn't be any men. We all need each other so let's just love and hug.
I guess I'm going to have to tell my kids they cannot call a tee-shirt ugly but only that they dislike it.
That's incorrect because racism involves being prejudiced against a minority or oppressed population and your hate speech is not tolerated
Tell me your opinion please with less revolting words and more objectivity.
The use of that word is not necessary and it will not be tolerated because it is hate speech toward women.
Express yourself in a manner that is more agreeable and less harmful to others.
That language is hate speech toward women and will not be tolerated here.  Be more intelligent and use appropriate words.
You can say whatever you want
Please lay off the horrible language and use communications that are going to inspire.
That really is not necessary to use hate speech in your comment and the hate speech (toward women) will not be tolerated
I observe that you have some concerns but please don't debase the innocent with your hurtful words.
This whole conversation is offensive but in particular you used hate speech against people with disabilities and will not be tolerated here
Hey guys let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Both the chinese and the developmentally delayed don't deserve those slurs.
You can't define people by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Hey let's treat black people with more respect.
To act like those of a race all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Unfortunately if you use slurs you will get judged. Like you. Stop using slurs.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Do nothing since it's harmless
Do nothing
That's a lot of accusations in one statement.  You might need to fact check some of your statements.
C--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are gratuitously offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
tell user 3 to stop being so libtarded
Let's keep the convo civil. Dumb or stupid would suffice.
And language like that just adds fuel to their fire...
I'd prefer that you not use the r-word on this thread.
Don't give them more bait.
Thanks User 2 for reminding us not to use the r-word here.
Pretty ableist when you put it like that
Hey let's keep this space open for neuroatypical users. Thanks.
You don't have to like alimony but you do have to refrain from using the r-word on this thread.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Have you ever thought about how all those other taxpayers feel about your "bad" vote?
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
You know
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
manthere were a million other adjectives you could have used that would have said the same thing.
"you probably shouldn\'t call her that when you don\'t actually know her"
C'mon guys. i cant even follow what could be informative here because of all the muck.  i cant even hand around to listen.
"Maybe travel there or somewhere else in the world to see what people are like but otherwise you can\'t judge based on where they\'re from. "
The title here actually rails against a defeatist attitude AND ask about positivity. maybe we can get back on track.
"You should do more research on Canada as a country and on the rates of migration before being able to form a solid opinion. "
hey man i think that "r" word slipped on you on accident. All your other language points are so well made.
"Don\'t resort to calling people names just because you want to explain how their job works a little better.:
While her behavior is terrible all women do not deserve to be insulted on account of their vagina.
Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I'm sure this woman is perfectly intelligent although if not there's nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled.
Using the word retard to call someone stupid is hateful and offensive so don't do it
In my opinion using slurs is a crime against all people. In this case specifically women. Please stop.
Using cunt to refer to a woman is hateful and disrespectful
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that word.
Hey dude! No need to use such offensive language! Could you make this more friendly so I can participate without feeling like a bad person?
Please stop using slurs for peoples' sexual choices.
It's hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use those words.
Please stop insulting others due to their sexual choices race or gender.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
You could say 'I was only pretending to be silly' or 'ignorant' instead.
Please don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Let's keep it G rated.
that word is unnecessary.  You can express your opinion without using a derogatory term for people with disabilities.
Please try to avoid using words like retarded as some viewers may be offended by that improper use of that word.
Please do not use that word.  It is derogatory and incredibly offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please use G rated words there are other viewers that may be offended by your words.
Please refrain from using offensive language as this forum is not intended to accommodate offensive material.
The offensive and derogatory language is unnecessary.  Your opinion can be expressed without using that word.
Please refrain from using such offensive strong language thank you.
Pleae do not use that derogatory and offensive term to express your opinion.  It is unnecessary.
When arguing your point using hate speech and excessive cursing undermines the validity of what you are saying.
Using the term 'faggots' to describe a certain political ideology is bigoted and wrong.
The belittlement of women gaining equality in rights is uncalled for. Please take a moment and respect those that are not the same as you.
Using the term "dumb cunts" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Using the term "repulsive cunt" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Looking down on others for having different views is narrow minded. Take a moment and respect your peers please.
Saying "commie retarded faggots" is hurtful and bigoted language and I hope that you can please stop.
Hate speech regardless of how it is used does not help improve the validity of anyone's argument.
Using that kind of language toward African-Americans is bigoted and disgusting. Do not generalize people.
To define people by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
While we respect everyone's opinions
Stop using a gender based insults.
The term retard is offensive. Please refrain form further use of it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Speaking of red pills... did you know that 6 of the 7 dwarves required a red pill in order to perform?
The slur used here is offensive because it comes from or is associated with a place of hate toward homosexuality and so is not okay!
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hateful and hurtful toward all women.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
There's no reason to offend all women just to make express your displeasure.
You seem so obsessed with women.
There's no reason here to use such a derogatory term for homosexuals. We get it. You're angry. Control your communication more.
It's no wonder women don't flock in your direction.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Sit and think before you post and comment. This will help avoid taking and giving offense and get rid of the use of hate speech.
Your post is lacking in information. Instead of name calling try explaining your thoughts and feelings on the issue. Be open to new ideas.
Please use words that can express your views without damaging others' reputations.
Most of this is using a bad word where a kinder one would work. Instead of using anecdotal evidence try looking into the topic more.
A different word would equally and more kindly say the same thing. Try to calm yourself down before posting.
If it is actually "a thing" then use the proper grammar of capitalization as well as posting a source otherwise it seems you are lying.
I'm trying to figure out how that makes you better.
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
words like cuntwhore and bitch are inappropriate as they directly attack people based on their gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used in this context. It's derogatory.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or shows care.
Even using that word to say "do not say it\' is not right.
This comment is extremely offensive. You should not have used the 'n' word
Using a derogatory word to describe someone is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
The 'd' word should not be used lightly
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
There was no reason for you to use the 'r' word
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to a meaningful conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While you may feel strongly this way there is nothing added by using foul language. Your post without the language is simpler and good.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You can feel this way and even express it without having to use a harsh word. It does not help express your point. You look like the bad guy
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Saying mean things does not make you right nor does it forward the conversation. You can make your point without it.
You do not have to quote the person directly. You can say something to take the place of the word instead like "n-word" which is often used
Retarded is an offensive word that doesn't need to be used to describe people you disagree with.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
These words do not add to the post nor do they help you make your point. Try and be kinder to others and yourself.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Hey i know the user didn't agree with your opinion and wasn't particularly nice but I think you should have taken the high road.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think thats appropriate and you are just being a troll
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Look
Please don't use sexist and ableist insults in your posts.  It's not helping your arguments and it does nothing to enhance the conversation.
Whether a mask looks bad or not is subjective. The use of slurs
Please don't use ableist insults in your comments.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation of the sub.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Please avoid using ableist insults in your comments.  It isn't doing anything to help your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
It was a joke but we don't need to repeat any derogatory remarks about people right?
Do not be so rude. Try using adult language.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use  words like those.
Instead of using those terrible terms we can say something like she just steps out of line that explains fine without the derogatory marks
Trivial language makes you look like you are intellectually challenged. Try to clean it up.
I think instead of judging the woman for their choices we should just support them.
Try not to be rude when describing women.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
You may have had a bad experience with the police but generally they are out in the community to help not to harm us.
Other words that might be used in this instance are dumb or stupid.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
I think the world has just become so sensitive but we don't need to be using certain terms or blaming certain genders for things.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I think that we all can agree with our feelings towards this group. It's easy to get heated when talking about something so sensitive.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to use that sort of terminology! I get it can be annoying to see posts like this but lets cool it with this kind of language.
If you guys weren't bonafide women-repellants you would have an accurate idea of what modern women actually look like.
You attract the kind of people who you are most like.
I understand your point
Okay first of all stop implying the existence of intellectually disabled people is an insult.
Mental considerations aside they simply feel strongly about the depiction of a personification of a computer program.
It is a muddy and messy subject. If you feel strongly about it you should lobby to have it changed.
Hey guys comparing people to monkeys is dehumanizing. Please try to be kinder to each other.
This is a big bag of worms. Etiquette is determined very heavily by the local culture but we should probably avoid derogatory language.
Offensive language based on  disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Slow down on the C word
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
People like using the R word so much that they don't even realize there are better words to use.
Defining someone as mentally ill without actually knowing them is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
stop gender bashing.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't pick on gender or political choices.
Don't bash people for their religious choices.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't gender bash!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop with the gender bashing.
Let's try to keep the bad language to a minimum. Stupid would be a good word to use here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their political views and medical conditions.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing peoples' religion and medical conditions.
Let's try to use African American instead.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their sexuality and nationality.
I am so confused. If you didn't play than never started.
Please don\'t use the term "retarded."  Many users find it offensive.
Yes all Americans should make the same amount of money based on performance and education.
All that is needed to say is that when someone falsely accuses another of anything it's because something is hiding in their own closest.
Re--rd" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Ret--ded" and "jew girl" both show insensitivity and a lack of respect they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Morality good or bad is not categorized by gender.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
We shouldn't downplay victims just because they come from privileged backgrounds.
I'm not sure if your mother would share the same view.
Your post contains sexist language it would be better for you to express your views without such language.
People's sexuality aren't things we should trivalize.
I dont think you can compare Mods to pedophiles.
Please don't use language that insults people based on their sexual orientation.
I think maybe you should write to them and explain them your point of view about the situation. Maybe someone in charge will figure it out.
hey guys I think we should all consider that people have different kinds of intelligence. Let's not be so bold about this.
No one deserves to die and no one has the right to choose who lives or dies.
In this kind of situation it can be confusing for people and behaviors become unstable. In her head it was the good thing to do.
Let's not get so bold about this please. Respect each other.
Men are not so good to express themselves the western world because they must stay ''strong''. Let's leave women aside on this issue.
It sounds like you have a right to be frustrated but violence does not cure violence.
Sad you think it's funny to use offensive slurs.
Omit profanity when describing people.  Use socially appropriate pronouns
It's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Avoid using the term [retarded]. It is considered hate speech towards the develomentally disabled
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It's a dumb rule but you dont need to call it that.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Perhaps referring to someone as genitalia  doesn't really serve to get your point across.
Just because you dont share the same views as them doesnt mean yuo get to attack them and make yourself feel superior.
Using the word 'retardation'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Perhaps you should consider that attributing diseases to a website is illogical.
Using derogatory language isn't making it easy to respect whatever opinion you have.
Leave the last word out and you have a point.
Using misogynistic slurs as an argument doesn't really prove a point.
Gentlemen please this back and forth has completely gone off topic.
Using racial slurs in an attempt at humor is never funny.
Your comment doesn't really apply to the topic.
Using offensive language like that is no way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
We are all used in some way but that certainly doesn't make someone worthless.
Using offensive slurs in an attempt at humor isn't as funny as you think it is.
Something mentality wrong is at play here so maybe its not smart to make fun of this person.
There is nothing constructive being discussed here at all.
You'd be a lot more persuasive if you didn't use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
I understand that you have a perspective to defend but using that word does not help your argument.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
This is not necessary.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed when taunts and insults overshadow the rest.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Retarded" is a word that is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging to the otherwise capable. Moronic and idiotic however
Please refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
There is no need use labels so senselessly.
Refrain from using the word "retard." some users find it offensive.  Don\'t use the term "faggot" it is considered hate speech. Warning.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks are used.
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Please Do not use offensive language
Please let's keep a proper language thank you
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms when referring to others.
Please don't use that type of offensive terms
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
The labels and insults don't move any conversation along... or the weak humor for that matter
I was abused badly by my ex-husband and I struggled to get out. Never did the thought of killing my 3 kids came to mind!
Outdated hurtful labels don't help any discussion along
The vague racist overtones of african americans stealing bikes wasn't  so vague.
Broad generalizations don't help any discussion along...or hurtful humor for that matter
That is true. People only see what you allow them to see. Just like online profiles. Nobody knows I'm married unless I put in the profile.
Hurtful labels and generalizations don't help the conversation along
If Mueller has the evidence than he can have them arrested. We all just have to be patient and wait this one out.
The hurtful label hurts lots of good people remember...and isn't worth a weak sad chuckle
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Calling someone by this term is derogatory to females.  It effects your character and shouldn't be used
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
That term is demeaning towards the gay community.  Your words can hurt even if they aren't directed.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Re--rd(s) and" "bit-h" are terms of hate and should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Referring to African Americans as monkeys is disgusting and hateful.
Look into the laws and the Constitution more as you seem to be lacking in understanding. Your post feels mean and ignorant of US law.
Using this word does nothing to your post but make me want to ignore it. If you want to add to the OP then do not use such harsh words.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You can feel this way but there are better ways to express it. It would also help to explain why you feel this way.
Don't bash peoples' nationality or medical conditions.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Just because you disagree or dislike some thing does not mean you can attack it. I would encourage you to speak to the people you attack.
People should have the free rights to practice whatever sexuality they're comfortable with as far as it doesn't harm others.
There isn't a need to be angry over this nor is there ever a need to use a slur that is unrelated to what is being discussed.
People from every background and sexual orientation suffer emotional trauma. It's not exclusive to gay people.
Even in a self-deprecatory way there's no need to use hateful labels on yourself nor confine your past self to that label.
Dressing in certain ways is no sure guarantee of one's sexuality as people have different fetishes.
Your convoluted sentence was not improved by adding a descriptive slur. Rephrase your opinions without being hateful.
Your colorful anecdote isn't brightened up by using a slur. Paint your picture with a different word next time.
Please refrain from the harsh language as it is demeaning.
This term is offensive to women and should be used.  I'm sure you would be hurt if this was directed at you.
Please tell your thoughts without the loathing comments but instead use more pleasant words.
Please stop saying things that are so revolting as they are offensive to others.
Using this word is demeaning towards women.  It is totally unnecessary to use it as an insult
Please curb the abominable speech and use words that more friendly.
This term is offensive to mentally challenged people.  You words can be hurtful towards people other than your intended target.
Avoid the negative comments please because they are hurtful and disrespectful to others.
Using these words as a derogatory comment towards someone else it hurtful.
I don't understand why you think offensive language adds anything to your comment.
You make your point without denigrating females...
We do not generalize them. There will always be bad apples but not as many as the good ones.
we need to be sensitive in using the word retards. It is a disability you won't like any member of the family to have.
Using slurs doesn't make anyone seem very intelligent.
That is a highly offensive term that shouldn't be used at all let alone to a friend
That is not so nice.
Sad that you think it's funny to use ableist slurs.
Yeah generalizing an entire group of people is real smart.
we need to be careful to our choice of words especially if it refers to a disability no one wants to have.
This comment is offensive and hostile. User will no longer be permitted to comment on this platform.
You talk about Incels as being stupid. Don't be like them. Clean up your language.
Guys you shouldn't even use that language to talk about how you don't like that language
Unfortunately this comment is being flagged as offensive and will be taken down.
I think the point is made more strongly by user 2 without such offensive language
This comment is being flagged for its inappropriate and offensive language. Your account will be suspended on this platform.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
I guess you don't like her from the name calling.
Use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
Sexual slurs do not equate a a dishonest business.
Slurs used here to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people.
Bullying in an argument about not bullying seems ironic.
This hatred has nothing to do with video games.
It's really silly to attack a liberal strawman just to feel good about yourself.
an assumption of someone's political affiliation while using hateful words to attack it and imply threats is not welcome in this discourse
You don't even know her how can you use that kind of language.
Hateful speech about women is hurtful and offensive and therefore has no place in our conversations.
You can make your points without calling them names and thus stooping to their level.
name-calling doesn't help you make your point.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
do not  use  words used in the 60's hatred era
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
Please don't use the r-word. 30 years ago the intellectually disabled were institutionalized. We deserve the right to participate in society
30 years ago we were electing KKK Grand Wizards to Congress. This is nothing new.
Wow
This is blatant hate. Do not degrade women because you do not agree with their opinion. Gender does not decide superiority.
I'd like to know how you came up with that horribly outdated opinion.
Please watch your tone. Please refrain from using offensive language in your replies.
hey there is no reason to use hateful terms about a person mental disability.
Your comment is very offensive. If you are going to keep posting offensive comments you will be banned.
Woah that is uncalled for. Do not use vulgar language.
Hey please do not use that nasty language on your posts.
Your offensive comments are not appropriate. Please refrain from using offensive language in your comments.
Stop using rude insults that pertain to someones mental disability
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
You need to educate yourselves better.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
I think you need to mix more with people of different sexualities.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
Well using mentally disabled slang isn't going to get anyone taken seriously either Some feminist go to extremes but not all.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Although everyone has their own insights on the matter it is our job to set aside our differences to support the newer generations.
The term 'rancid cunt' is an attack on women and should not be used.
You are allowed to have your own opinion but please keep your comments to yourself. We do not permit that type of language.
no one deserves to be attacked no matter what she said about them.
Let us refrain from using inappropriate terminology to discuss ethnicity along with the R word.
you don't need to use slurs to get your point across. it makes people stop listening.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please stop spreading hate on the internet and go do something productive with your life.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please stop insulting women and lesbians by using slurs.
Use of this slur to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of lesbians.
Just because times were bad doesn't mean they can't be better now. Slurs won't help anything.
The use of the r-word is hurtful because it denigrates people with mental disabilities and therefore is unacceptable.
Please don't use that word unless you're English or referring to cigarettes.
This slur denigrates homosexuals and is therefore unacceptable in our discourse.
Hey using slurs contributes to a hateful society. Instead of using the r-word or the c-word let's build a kinder world.
Use of these slurs to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Wow I think using the intellectually disabled as an insult like that is out of line.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Ret--ded" and "b--ch" are offensive terms of hate; such blatant disrespect must be avoided in this forum.
While the situation might seem stupid that's no reason to compare it to the intellectually disabled.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
While y'all is a southern thing
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Hey people attempting to modify language does not give you a free pass to dehumanize them.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Let's not use that language to imply someone is gay. If he is it's his business.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
How about we not use any offensive names and respect each other?
Stop putting down peoples' sexual choices.
Please do not refer to people this way.  You are hurting people's feelings.
Stop gender and sexuality bashing!
Its not cool to use the R word at all.  There's a better way to call someone stupid.
Stop gender bashing womens ' choices.
Those are all fitting consequences for a perpetrator of rape. This is why women don't report. Proof is hard to come by.
I know you're mad but that language is not necessary.  Don't call them that.
Stop gender bashing.
There could be fanfiction out there but I don't know anyone who is thinks of Trump in a sexual manner.
You're making way too many assumptions about people's genders.
It's normal to want to be in an intimate relationship with other people.  Not all women are 'weak' and not all men are 'strong'.
Mental retardation is not an insult. Why do you think it is?
There are a lot of other remarks that people can use that would be of greater use than calling people derogatory terms based on who they are
I know you are quoting someone but that hate speech will not be tolerated.  That is offensive to women and people with disabilities.
Stop the political choice and gender based insults.
Not only is your statistic wrong you are using hate speech toward women which will not be tolerated here.
Stop the racist insults.
The language you both used is extremely offensive toward the Black community and will not be tolerated.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
The word you used is hate speech toward people with disabilities and will not be tolerated.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Wilson is a beautiful woman making money off that beauty. I don't think that is bad
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think we are missing the point of this article
Mentally challenged individuals are highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance.
Red Dead Redemption 2 shouldn't be pushing that agenda or even bringing attention to it. Shame on them.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Racism is taught you are not born racist.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
There are manners of discussing opinions on this woman's actions which do not involve a direct attack insinuating violence and hatred.
calm down please. I see why you are upset. She probably just wanted to have a very simple hair cut in a short time.
"Ret--ds" and "c--t(s)" are offensive terms of hatred and should be avoided in this forum.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word "re---ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Variants of the "n word" as well as "re--rd" are offensive terms of hate and may not be used in this forum.
Degrading comments about racial slang as well as words for mental delay are hateful do not use them
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not do it here
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and hate speech directed at a religion  are each offensive and must  be avoided
Making generalized insults about a person's religion is hateful do not do it
I feel like you are purposefully misunderstanding the argument made here by taking it literally.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Perhaps you can understand why women are calling this behavior toxic considering your response.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I feel like you're using the double meaning of this word intentionally to offend.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
This seems to be used here to score points but it's a legitimate medical issue that you should read more about.
I've had the same issues you have.  Do me a favor and watch the wording though it can be offensive to some.
"Ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
I totally understand your point but watch the wording if you would.  It's really not appropriate in this day and age.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Watch the nasty words about the mentally challenged it only takes away from your argument.  I totally get it by the way.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Watch the name-calling dude.
How original an insult... /s
A lot of people don't know by the CDC actually has a plan posted on the website for a zombie attack.
No need for the strong language there bud.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Let them dress how they want but I agree that it's probably more mentally healthy to pick one gender.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
This does not add to the post and is rude. If you want to criticize the say something other than name calling.
Use of the c-word as a slur is offensive and hurtful to all woman.
Instead of name calling explain why you feel this way. This will open the door to conversation and for someone to "change your mind."
Use of this slur is hurtful to people with homosexual orientation as well as most people because it is so hate-filled.
Your comments are slightly off topic and not based in fact. Do some research instead of going off your opinion.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There is no reason to attack anyone but you are  attacking the woman more than the man. There is no reason to blame her for his actions.
Use of hateful slurs is defiling the conversation and offends women--there is no place for such hurtful speech in a reasonable discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Why do you have to use derogatory terms as part of your vocabulary.  This language is incredibly offensive and should not be used.
This r-word is offensive and hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and your homophobia is showing.
Is your language really necessary?  Just because you disagree with them does not give you the right to insult them with offensive language.
This slur is no longer acceptable in our discourse because of its offensive nature about homosexual orientation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. Not to mention
That language is unnecessary.  You can get your point across without using a derogatory insult.
The c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
The word used is offensive to women and is very unnecessary.
Sounds like the French are taking this really serious.
Then it's time to run or jump out a window to safety!
Regardless of her mistakes we still don't need to call her names.
Calling a woman by that name does not assist in proving a point. Please use acceptable language.
Not only should he get that money but she needs to be arrested!
I don't feel like this is something worth getting so upset over.
The use of this word in this context or at all is not condoned.
I keep hearing about that show I need to check it out today.
The word retard should not be used in this context or at all as it is offensive.
I have been hearing a lot about Science being false. I guess my Bible was true after all...
Please don't use gender degrading words.
The term "c--t" is a bigoted term of ignorance and so does not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Both the "n word" and racial stereotyping are offensive and not permitted in this forum.
stop using gender degrading terms.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop using gender degrading word.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Just because you disagree with the decision that she made gives you no right to use such demeaning language.  Erase it from your vocabulary
You really shouldn't judge someone before you know the whole story she could have been coerst into joining this group she is a young girl.
I don't understand why you would attack more than half of american teachers just because they are female you need to grow up.
Please don't use derogatory terms in your posts.  This word is offensive to a substantial portion of our population and should not be used
No one is going to take you seriously using words like that come back when you can speak like an adult.
This was a civil conversation until you opened your mouth why don't you go back to your parents basement.
That word is meant to disparage the handicapable. Disgusting
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That may or may not be the case but most can spell "truly" correctly
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This person's sexuality and your ignorance have no bearing on the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender and/or  disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Fa--ot" and "re==rd
Nothing can be said these types of people can't be reasoned with.
Trying to offend others by hurling insults only demeans yourself by your hurtful speech.
Ret---ation" is not to be used it is a term of hate.
n/a
Use of the word retardation here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
I think a lot of citizens don't realize how many hard choices a president has to make.
That word is vulgar type in Obama in the Urban Dictionary.The "C" word will be in the past after you do. You\'re welcome.
We should let every human live their life in a way that makes them happy as long as it doesn't hurt anyone.
This is a plethora of not PC words. Glad GLAAD isn't here. Non-conformist transgender intersexual=same thing he said but acceptable.
Think about it this way. These women are someone's mother
after the walkout there should be one to end the use of derogatory names of ladies private place.
It's really unhealthy to be this angered over other's political beliefs. We should come together for the better good.
This is an enthusiastic bunch I can hear animosity in each slur very impressive time to use our adult words now
On your way to get that award I could really use a hug or 2. All the gab about gab and all the other words has me dizzy so lets hug it out.
Using the word 'non-retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Put yourself in the shoes of person with a disability and stop using such ugly reference terms as it shows a lack of intelligence.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
These type of insulting terms are said by people that have a hard time speaking their mind with intelligence don't fall into that category.
Restraint is good. What a guy.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You might find that you can get your point across better if you don't refer to someone's gender in an aggressive and insulting way.
Good point but using that term doesn't help you make your case.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
It probably appears to others that you are acting like an 11 year old when you use an offensive and immature term to describe a woman.
If you use language like that no one's going to listen to you accept the small circle of people who agree with you.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You were making good points until you stooped to the level of attacking one's gender in such a rude manner then it comes off as ignorance.
I don't disagree
Please don't use a serious medical condition to express yourself.
You should provide an argument point instead of blindly insulting.
Please don't use a serious medical condition to bash others.
It is wrong and harmful that she lied but it has nothing to do with women in general.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and must be avoided
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
Please do not use racial slurs.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others for their political beliefs discussions should be respectful.
Hateful words about homosexual people and people with intellectual disabilities will not be tolerated.
Language that denigrates women will not be tolerated.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others.
Hateful language against homosexual people will not be tolerated.
This is what happens when people are no longer allowed to speak freely if it was in poor judgement lets hope the help that is needed occur
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Race is such a sensitive topic my children know what not to say and i am sure you know as well.If you are a white man try to sympathize.
Use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of black people.
Well being perfect isn't easy in 2019.
The use of harsh offensive words against someone does not any context to a conversation so how about try saying somthing that could be help
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language isn't appropriate. It's 2019 and certain words are no longer acceptable to use.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Sometimes you have to advocate for yourself and we don't know the whole story
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While your sentiment stands
Even so don't think we have to use abusive language to get the point across
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Mental retardation and gender stereotyping are not relevant to the discussion. Pedophelia is very defined by law.
Racial generalisation and sexual orientation are irrelevant to being downvoted.
The irony is that you're trying to have a whole argument about toxicity while you are being toxic.
Luckily both of you get to hide your identity. I wonder what kinds of awful things would be said about you if you were in the public eye.
I understand your angry but there's no reason to talk that way about women.
Calm down on the hate speech there
I think it sounds like the men lost their jobs on their own. Without their negative actions they'd still have job security.
There's no reason to use such an offensive term towards women.It's highly offensive.
Yes the woman who lied about it was not a good person but that doesn't mean you have to call her the 'c' word
Just state that she was lying. When you name call it makes your comment less credible.
There's really no reason to use terms like that. There's no reason to offend as many people as possible. That just makes you a bad person.
I don't think there are actually any benefits to using that word. If I'm missing something please inform me.
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word in your argument at all.
I was taking you serious and actually trying to understand your opinion that is until you decided to name-call.
"B--ch
slut" and "tw-t" are terms of hate that target all women; they are to be avoided here.
Someone is having a bad day
I know you're not trying to be hurtful by saying the R word but it kind of comes off that way.
"Re--rded" is offensive; try to substitute a less-stereotyping term.
You make some great points
"C--t" used pejoratively is offensive and hateful; it should be avoided here.
By calling her the C word you're minimizing the fact that she's a terrorist sympathizer and instead insulting all women.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Buy Felicia
Cunt when used against women is a misogynistic phrase no matter how the woman was acting.
Attacking others based on their gender is not a productive or careful way to have a conversation.
The n-word is an extremely racist term and racism does nothing to contribute to meaningful conversation or our society.
Words used to hurt a group of people aren't necessary to have a productive conversation
Her body size has nothing to do with her actions and should not be used against something unrelated.
Using words to attack ones gender do not convey understanding or care.
I saw her in that video and I was embarrassed for her.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
I don't agree with a rape culture. Either a man is capable of rape or he isn't.  No culture is involved.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
This comes off as nonsensical when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You need to be careful what you say to not offend anyone today.
This comes off as nonsensical
That is just terrible to say. Some people need to just stop with the racist comments and learn to love and live in peace.
This comes off as unnecessary when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around.
Even a biological term could be considered racist please refrain from using racist and derogatory terms towards women and the disabled.
Don't bash people because of their political beliefsracegender or medical conditions!
It isn't necessary to use racist terms to describe people.
Stop using racist terms.
Stop with the racist nationality remarks and gender bashing words.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
watch you language.  Using a derogatory term directed at females to describe a journalist that you don't like is disrespectful.
Instead of insults let's focus specifically in what you don't like about the journalist.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Please don't say such things that offend people.
Threats of violence are not permitted.
Talking about killing a race or a person in an organized religion is immoral. We are all humans with the same feelings of emotions be kind.
Offensive language based on gender identity is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
This is homophobia. The transgender community are the most kind hearted people above us all. They are not hurting you so leave them alone.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using the word retarded is not acceptable. It disrespects many physically disabled people and their families.
Fast food was always bad for you
You should not use that word to describe someone
Let's not make mockery of people's disabilitoes by trivialising them.
I wouldn't allow my young child to follow Malala regardless of race or religion.
You should not use that word to describe someone
Socialists have their own way of thinking it doesn't mean their bad
You should not use that word to describe someone
People have the right to choose political beliefs. We should respect ourselves and beliefs.
As a woman I dislike when other women go down this road. Video games are just games
You should not use these words to describe people. Discriminating against people because of stereotypes is wrong.
People have a right to sexual belief and practices as far as they don't harm others.
"Ret--ded" "fa--ot" and the "n word" all often comprise hate speech hence they are forbidden in this forum.
I don't think that freedom is what you describe it is.
"Ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret---ed"  and "f-g" are often terms of ignorance and hate so we should avoid their use here.
I dont think these examples were necessary to convey your point.
Calling them that will not make more people like you.
It's hard to take your opinion seriously with all the homophobic slurs.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are better ways to get your point across than using offensive terms
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully denigrates women.
Women would have worked just fine over the 'c' word
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Better words could have been used instead of the 'c' word
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please be kinder with your words and change the commentary.
No one here cares for the truth only to win an argument over the internet
Please avoid the trash talk and use words that are uplifting.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please use more caring words and less expressions of hate.
Ha! He really struck a nerve! All that name calling doesn't make him wrong.
The expressions you use can be taken offensively so please rethink your comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This is an extremely offensive word that is demeaning to women ad shouldn't be used in this context.
Can't really take you seriously when you think ableist slurs are okay to use.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using this word in this manner is out of line mental retardation is not something that should be used as a joke.
Using the word retard is offensive to mentally challenged people.  This about your words before you put them on the internet.
Making fun of someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
This word has historically been regarded as hate speech and your point would be more effectively made using other language.
Calling people names because you dislike them isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using this type of hate speech. It does not promote constructive conversation.
This language is not tolerated nor is it conducive to a constructive conversation. Please refrain from derogatory and hate speech
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using such derogatory names.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please change the speech you use on this page. Hateful and derogatory speech is not tolerated.
Hey
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You being acculturated into propaganda only proves our arguments. Furthermore
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Hey
Complaining about a generalization while generalizing invalidates your argument entirely. Grow up and go outside once in a while.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I agree but would use a friendlier adjective. 'unfounded comparison' for example.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I think ya'll just need to calm down and be a little more respectful of each other and recognize each other's failures kindly.
Can't really respect this comment when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Re--ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Dude just say 'too stupid'. There's no reason to use such hateful rhetoric.
It's hard to take anything you say seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Man it's so ridiculous to me that people want to wave their dicks around by using slurs causally on the internet. Have some respect.
Your opinion might have been good had it not included the ableist slur.
It's all right to disagree with people without seeing vast conspiracies in their behavior.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think that word has any place in a conversation about software.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
No violence is okay
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
"Reta---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families so the term is not allowed.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using misogynistic terms in an attempt at humor isn't actually funny.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
"Ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of that language regarding your ex-girlfriend is gender discrimination.
Use of that term to describe a woman is gender discrimination
This c-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is is derogatory slang affecting all women.
Use of that term to describe a woman constitutes gender discrimination
All ya gotta do is remove a word and you wouldnt have any problem with being offensive.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You're better than that. Stop.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You literally can just say dumb.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
You're better than this.
Can we not try to insight violence
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
You're better than that.
How about we don't.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Your description of women as retard and basic is generalizing and hateful speech
Using language like that to describe someone or something speaks to that persons character.
I heard that witchcraft isn't just a bunch of women but men practice too.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Such repeated and reflexive misogyny is rude insensitive ill-considered and unnecessary in intelligent debate.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
The use of "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I hope the video shows that so he doesn't get in trouble.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and threatening gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using a slur wasn't really necessary.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using language that is violent towards gay people makes is unacceptable and only serves to make you seem ignorant.
Insulting all women isn't a great way to bring people to you side.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language is violent against women in general and is therefore unacceptable.
Using slurs and hate speech examples in such a flippant way is tacitly supporting these ideas. Please reconsider your language choices.
By gamifying behavior that you see from real people expressing real concerns you're depersonalizing them in a really alarming way.
You're not even being original. Go back to /b/.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
This is a childish way to use a word that's so hurtful and there's no need to double down on it.
Sexual abuse of young boys is a real problem and it's ignored by society at large.
Using mental illness and sexuality as verbal weapons is a weak accomplishment.
This is an abusive homophobic attack but using insults and slurs to defend yourself against it doesn't help.
Engaging in the civic process might help you to feel less cynical about your process!
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I don't think it's going to solve anything to insult everyone equally.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Over a game...come on
Yes it may have been a mistake but name-calling swearing and bashing the person(s) responsible does not seem like the best decision.
Please do not use mental illnesses as an insult.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult.
While I understand the angst of this conversation I think that the name-calling and bad language are not entirely necessary guys!
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to him.
Please refrain from attacking others based on where they came from/were born.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Gay people are perfectly capable of recognizing murders what with all the hate crimes done to them. Don't talk about them like that.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring gay people into this- especially not with that language.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And especially not with slurs.
Guys let's try being kinder to people. Black people deserve human rights as do lesbians.
This whole thread is just filled with angry little misogynists.
It says a lot that you feel the need to label this woman by her gender instead of her actions
Stop using racist humor.
Just stay stupid or dumb. It really isn't difficult and it would make your points seem more credible
Using the word retarder instead of stupid just makes you look stupid. People will take your points a lot more seriously if you change.
You're language her leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe try to sound like an adult.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I think you need to try and be civil in your language.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are other words you could use to show your displeasure with women. Why not try them out.
To act like those of the opposite sex all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Try words like Dumb and stupid instead.
Try again. Find a different civil word to use.
Defining someone by their gender is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
You seem to have a lot of anger toward hypothetical women
Try talking to women and reading about the various women's movements and waves of feminism. Study history.
Using irrelevant language to describe women doesn't strengthen your argument.
There is no reason here to even call someone a name. Save yourself down votes and don't post.
I think that there is a better description for this tactic.
You're kind of proving their point there. Why escalate like this?
While you do have a right to feel this way using foul language will turn people away from discussing it with you. Try being more calm.
You can share your opinion without directing it towards a specific person.
Women her age put up with a lot; we don't know her whole backstory and why she's like that.
You shouldn't judge people by their age. User 3 makes a good point.
Calling her that takes you down to her level.
I think the whole multi gender option is a bit much in the games
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Cops shouldn't speak to people that way
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
There's really no reason to single out a race. Black children go to school just as any other race. Fact.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
We are in the 21st century we really don't need words like that. There's absolutely no reason for calling him that.
It was awful what happened
Use of slurs here is offensive because it equates homosexuality or intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There's no need to use derogatory names to get your point across.
There's no reason to degrade people with disabilities
Just because you don't agree with the decision they made using a derogatory word like that is still not justifiable.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There really is no justifiable reason as to why you needed to use the 'r' word in your question.
It is unacceptable to degrade people with disabilities just because you don't agree with their policies.
Use of the word retards is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't think you should be using the 'r' word. It's derogatory and not necessary.
As tempting as it is
Calling someone retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Not saying I condone what happened but there is no reason to call someone the 'r' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Calling a woman a slob with no evidence is hateful speech towards all women do not use it.
Why use this demeaning term to express your opinion.  there are plenty of other words that do not have the same derogatory connotation.
The word retarded as an insult is hateful to many people so please refrain from using it
This is a hurtful attack towards women
Your derogatory language is entirely unnecessary.  You can express your displeasure without insults/name calling.
this language regarding women is insensitive and hateful and should not be used in this forum
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re--rd" and "c--t" are offensive and should not be used in this forum.
Offensive language based on race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Offensive language based on disability and sex is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re---d" and "c--t" are terms of hate and not to be used here.
I think that we could use a better word to call someone that doesn't reference a mental disability.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I think that we could use better language to discuss this topic.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
A word doesn't have to be the worst possible thing to say in order to be hurtful to people.
In this cultural context it is a slur deliberately and specifically used to demean and degrade the target. It's not confusing at all.
You should look into the statistics of false rape accusations they might interest you.
Please talk to a therapist about your paranoia and deep-seated resentments of women.
Nobody is asking you to end all harassment you are being asked not to be a harasser yourself or to make posts like this.
I know you're very upset about people who aren't you being allowed to participate in your favorite hobby but there's no need for slurs.
Ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There are terms used in this post that have been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and not to be used on this site..
stop
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Come on guys. This is not that serious. Conflicting views and that's it. Get a grip.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using gendered insults really doesn't speak well of you.
I am sure you have something more formidable to say instead of name calling...
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Slow down dude. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Valid point. I probably wouldn\'t have used such "colorful" language but still totally valid point.
Offensive language based on sexual orientation is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Everyone is entitled to an opini
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
that is below the belt. maybe he did not have the facts right but not enough to call names.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The use of this kind of racist word is not tolerated and will be removed
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Requesting that HATE filled words not be used is not to hinder anyone but instead to provide a place where there is no fear of verbal abuse
Using sexuality as a way to insult is only showing of your lack of creativity
What is the point of using that language you can make your point without it
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
that language isn't helping you make your point... not all women are the same or have the same views
The word cunt is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at women and is unacceptable.
What's the point of all this hateful terminology who cares what other people do if it doesn't affect you we all have different experiences
Attacking a user with hate speech and vitriol is no way to win an argument.  The racism homophobia and transphobia present is unacceptable
Stop bashing peoples' political and sexual choices.
what is the use in using this language it isn't helping you make your point or get listened to
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
There are actually tons of women in positions of power.
Based on one person's actions you can't generalize an entire country or gender group. Wake up!
Using words that profanely refer to a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Cheating is wrong regardless of the gender of the offender.
Using hateful language will not help anyone ever.
I don't think you actually understand what that word means.
That would be a medical condition people are born with. Hope you feel better about yourself.
I guess you didn't like it. Hard to tell under the hate speech.
There are so many verbs and adjectives in the English language. It is not necessary to use a word that is a medical condition.
Everyone agrees she's in the wrong the name calling takes away from your point though.
Using that word doesn't get your point across and in fact makes people not take you seriously.
Using words to attack a person's sex will not promote a sound conclusion to your argument.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or religion which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hate speech doesn't help anyone. Let's have an intelligent conversation without resorting to hateful name calling.
Using negative words that refer to one's gender identity or religious affiliation do not promote understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
What does name calling have to do with this conversation? Let's be adults people.
Such an eloquent respone. Too bad you had to ruin it with hatful foul language.
A hateful comments don't help any of these victims. Don't stoop to the same level.
I see your point but there's no reason to use such an offensive term.
She isn't necessarily racist so much as lazy. Keep to the point.
We get it. You don't like this person. There's still no reason to refer to her in this way.
Not pretty but neither is your colorful language...
It's just not necessary to use such an offensive term to make your statement.
Actual names would be helpful not your idea of what they should be named...
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women because its a direct attack based on gender.
Lighten up this is just a chat room you don't even know him.
The 'c' word shouldn't be used in any context
Using 'retard' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
The use of the 'r' word was incredibly offensive here
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That remark is rather extreme you'd sound smarter by not using it.
You shouldn't use offensive terms just because you're angry
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Come on you'd look smarter by not using that word.
You could have just said women
Re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
This is a random place to put such a hurtful word and you certainly didn't need it.
It would be helpful just to answer without insulting people by calling them a "retard."
"Ending retardedly" isn\'t even a real word. How about offering a critique which doesn\'t insult people but rather uses facts?
C--ts" "Re--d(ed)" and "re--rds" are each offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
You should make more friends from these groups so that you understand why they feel upset.
Calling someone a "cunt" or "retard" is insulting and hateful. How about using other words to express your outrage.
referring to someone as "cunt" is not only hateful but it is not a very good way of describing someone.
These are real people that you're talking about and they would be hurt that you said this about them.
Calling someone a retard isn't very nice.  It's a form of hate speech which lowers the level of communication on online communities.
Woooow you must really hate women.
Hey intellectually disabled people are people too. Please don't use them as slurs.
Hey let's censor the n-word. It belongs to black people not to us.
We are talking about humans not rabid animals.
Heyo if you think you're better than these people you shouldn't use slurs to refer to them.
Just call them a moron or something.
I don't think whether people are intelligent or not is relevant to the discussion.
There are soooo many more creative words to use than this.
That woman might be disabled. For that matter using slurs outs you as a terrible person.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
While I appreciate you being upset about the sexist title using retarded in that way is just another way of bringing people down.
You're very quick to judge and label someone mean-spirited while being so yourself.
They are used as insults yes but that doesn't make them any less bigoted or hurtful to people. Gay people still have to deal with it.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think it should be possible to have a debate about religion without breaking it down into a I'm smarter or you are dumber than me argument
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Not sure why the sexism but please watch the language.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is incredibly disgusting. This language is not acceptable in any way.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is horrible. This language is not acceptable in any form.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see this conversation is getting heated. Watch the language please.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
The 'c' word isn't a word that should be used it's offensive
This is beyond inappropriate. This language is unacceptable.
Your statement was offensive and used terms that should not be used.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
There really isn't a good enough reason to use the 'c' word
I understand this is a heated topic but watch the language.
There's no reason to call someone the 'c' word
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
The headline was shocking enough your comment doesn't really add anything to it.
Hey now do not use that sexually vulgar word when posting.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Whether it's racist towards whites or blacks it's still racist.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Yikes harsh name calling isn't necessary on this thread!
Woah! please do not use inappropriate language when talking about religious figures.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
She does not represent all women thankfully!
Please do not use vulgar words when voicing your opinion
This was a good argument until it got derailed with the racial slurs.
Avoid using racist terms when posting on different feeds.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Ableism in your comment makes it hard to take anything you say seriously.
since it offends many
The word cunt when used as an insult against a woman is hate speech do not use it here.
Using offensive slurs don't add anything to the discussion.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This language is completely unacceptable and disgusting. This is your first and final warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That's incorrect. Regardless this language is not appropriate for this subreddit.
I understand you have strong feelings but its hurtful to use vulgar insults for those that actually have mental disabilities.
Thousands of adjectives available and you choose retarded? Come on.
I understand you are frustrated with the situation but its hurtful to use vulgar insults of people with mental disabilities.
Why do you have to use the word 'retard'? Wouldn't bigot or rube fit better without maligning the mentally handicapped?
I understand you are trying to by funny but vulgar insulting words can be hurtful.  Its important to respect others when making posts.
Clever but come on. I think men and women are equal constructors of this thing.
Using the term 'cunt' like this is an attack on women and is not constructive to the conversation.
You did not have to say something like this.  you could have passed right over this post and never commented this term.
Using the term 'hooded faggot' sounds both race-insensitive and possible like an attack based on sexuality. Please stop.
"Faggot" is just a word that people/trolls use to goad an emotional response from someone. Let\'s have a real conversation
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
My son also thinks this generation is out of hand and he's 15. I think sometimes he is 15 going on 40.
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
These classic video games is where it all started. We have really gotten so far away from just playing games.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
Unions are not all that bad and protect people. For Gamers to go and make such a fight makes no sense.
Disagreeing with someone ideologically doesn't mean you should lump entire groups together and make generalizations with hateful speech
Men can also be emotionally high strung people there are negatives to all politician lol
these comedian went on stage to do a job. keep it professionalRude and offensive terms are needed to voice opinions
That kind of nasty language isn't helping anyone understand each other
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Use a different term for women.
I understand the point you're trying to make
There are sooo many other words you can use like dumb stupid obtuse or is your vocabulary just that small.
Keep your language civil. Just because you are mad doesn't mean you should speak like this.
It seems like you just hate women.
You should work on your language skills in regards to women. It will take you far.
Ret---ed" and "c--t" as used here are offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use offensive language to communicate your point.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can communicate your point without using offensive language.
Please don't use sexist language to express your disapproval.
You're allowed to think someone is unintelligent but your language is unnecessary.
Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
This post contains strong homophobic slurs they have no place on this forum.
You can communicate your point without offending a whole group of people.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please communicate your point without using offensive language.
The 'f' word isn't a word that should be used to win internet arguments. It's derogatory.
Suicide and derogatory names do not make the point more valid. Refrain from using these offensive comments when disagreeing a subject.
Kids Keep it civil and use your language skills.
You shouldn't call people the 'f' word. It's derogatory and completely unnecessary.
Derogatory words do not change what this guy has done. Refrain from offensive comments.
You can get your point across without being uncivil.
The 'c' word is derogatory and should not be used.
You should use language that is a little less trivial.
There are people who have BDSM interests but that's different than this conversation.  I wouldn't sink to anyone's level by abusing back.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I think there's a lot more to the output or at least perceived output of anyone than just if their male or female
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
It is okay to have strong opinions but when you use that language is makes you sound prejudiced.
Your comments are very inappropriate in a discussion about underage children; your attraction or the child's sexuality isn't the focus here.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please remember you're talking about an eleven year old and perhaps not be so disgusting.
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Calling names because you don't agree with something doesn't help anyone.
I think we should focus on the positive interactions in this situation.
I understand you think she is rude and quite ridiculous
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
If we state opinions without calling names it makes the comments more credible in a discussion.
Do not use a persons disability as an insult to others.
Using a word to insinuate that someone is stupid when it is a medical condition people are born with does not help get your point across.
Avoid using vulgar sexual terms when voicing your opinion.
That word is totally disrespectful.You're trying to make a point that you have an open mind while using a heinous word to get your point
Abstain from using vulgar words and using a persons mental disability as an insult.
Just all around offensive to women and special needs people. Using hurtful language doesn't help anyone.
Body shaming is just bullying. Everyone sounds so bitter about people they don't actually know and just assuming everything.
You all must be pretty miserable. Especially because I'm reporting you for using slurs.
The other poster was right you need to calm down a bit.
Please be kinder with regards to your own intelligence and the intelligence of others.
Thank you for showing us what a terrible person you are! I will take my vagina elsewhere and not engage with you further.
Ah yes let's set the response standard to what you post just insulting.
No comment on the veracity of this article but please be kinder to women and refer to them with less harsh language.
Sexual assault can be difficult to prove regardless not all accusations without evidence are malicious.
I don't think referring to someone with a derogatory name for a person with a disability promotes a productive conversation.
Using negative words based on sexual orientation to refer to other is not nice.
n/a
There's no reason to use words like that.
There are a lot of other words you could use beside 'cunt
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
It's not right to make fun of mental handicaps.
You're unlikely to change the other user's opinion if you refer to their daughter with such vulgar words.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Relationships do still hold merit
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
You don't have any proof that the increase in Muslims in the UK is linked to terror attacks there.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Equal rights doesn't mean men and women have rights to hit each other. Violence is wrong and illegal both ways.
Instead of name calling maybe you could state what she lies about and prove it.
Instead of name calling please tell us something about the person's actions and why you disagree.
Using those terms in their context doesn't mean equality.
Sometimes people just make faces and and shouldn't be labeled as anything in such a hateful context.
I'm not really sure labeling anyone as mentally disabled should be used for someone that complains.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It doesn't really matter what anyone likes It is up to them and only them.
You can't generalize a group of people just because of a few individuals. How would you feel if someone did that to you?
I really don't think we need to be belittling firefighters!  They do a tremendous service to the public.
One's job title has no influence on their individual character. The collar or social status is only that. It isn't a defining mark.
You don't know what other people are going through in their lives or what is the true cause.
While I know of some people who have had vaccine injuries it still is not ever right to put down anyone or use disparaging language!
Vaccine injuries are very real but not all Anti-vaxxers are alike. Some have very legitimate concerns for what goes into the human body.
I can agree that she probably would be worse off at the healing lodge but I don't think it is necessary to use hateful or vulgar language!
Consequences should apply no matter what. A life is a life.
I actually think this is a good idea because private businesses should be just as responsible as everyone else if they are enabling bullies.
People deserve to feel safe no matter how they identify so long as it does no harm to others they contribute all the same to society.
I agree with the last post and I'm a female!  However
Physical strength isn't limited just to men. Women can weight train just as well as men. But to lump all together holds everyone back
I can't even read what you wrote let along get offended by it.
I agree that if she used her race to gain attention by lieing that i not ok.She is mentally not ok but calling her a cunt is crossing line.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Can't decipher your point through all the anti-woman hate talk.
I understand you response but the choice of words  you use makes no one want to take you serious.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Use of the words retard and retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and no one here is making any sense.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I don't think addressing each other by using derogatory names will advance any kind of understanding.
Please review your words and say them in a way that doesn't express such abhorrence.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use those words.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
I don't think regarding others with a derogatory word for a mental disability promotes understanding or intelligent conversation.
Please re-frame your thoughts so they aren't so hateful.
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
Watch the language. You're toeing a line.
Use of the c-word and insults here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
This language is misogynistic and disgusting.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
I'm sure you're very proud of yourself but there's absolutely no reason to refer to women in that way
The use of that word is derogatory against women and will not be tolerated here due to our no hate speech policy.
I agree that what she did was heinous but there's no reason to potentially offend a bunch of females in your comment.
The use of that word is offensive against women and will not be tolerated here.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Provoking discussions are surely more effective without using offensive slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Calling someone this term doesn't make your argument better.
Consider the topic of discussion next time before resorting to hurtful slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Perhaps examine your use of the word 'retardations
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Better your argument or comment don't just call someone names.
Perhaps use a term more appropriate next time this is a slur against handicapped people.
Don't use that word! It's terribly offensive to women.
Do not use vuglar sexual terms when responding.
The c-word is not acceptable because of its offensive and hurtful nature that affects all women.
You should not use vulgar sexual terms when replying to others
The slang of the c-word is just not acceptable in decent conversation even if not meant to be offensive.
Don't ever say that word
Hey dont use a persons disability as an insult to others.
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities
That's a terrible word
Do not use sexual terms as that when you post on this feed.
The c-words used here are just offensive and hurtful to women in general and this is not acceptable in our discourse.
That's rude towards gay people
Woah there! Avoid using offensive terms regarding sexual orientation.
The slang is offensive and harmful as it denigrates people with a sexual orientation other than yours.
Let's watch the language. This is a warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This language isn't appropriate. Be careful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Heyo
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
I don't know what that word means. If you're not comfortable telling me what it means you shouldn't be using it.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Hey guys
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Using language like 'cunt' is inappropriate here. We can disagree with each other without being nasty.
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Being aggressive and hostile does not get to the heart of your argument. Make a real argument here so that we can address the true issue.
Please use words that are less abrasive and more encouraging.
Calling someone a 'white faggot' shows your own failings.
Please refrain from the distasteful remarks as they are offensive.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see you are upset but please express yourself with more friendly words.
Please show respect for others and use less hostility in your speech.
I perceive that you have some concerns but please use language that is less combative.
In the US we all get paid overtime after 40hrs unless you're salary I agree a 1 week vacation for all ft workers would be nice.
Rethink your words please and use utilize ones that are less quarrelsome.
Despite the subreddit this content is not appropriate. This is your only warning.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
It boils down to women are leaving in record numbers now because we're able to live independently which wasn't the case 100 yrs ago.
Stop with the gender based insults and misogyny.
Stop insulting others due to political choices and medical conditions.
Next we need a law where if you're caught over and over lying about these things you go to jail.
There's no need for that language. This is a warning.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
I don't understand why a great movie like Star Wars had to be ruined this way.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
College kids are just misguided we shouldn't judge the entire future generation by a few bad eggs. They're still figuring things out.
The funny part is most of you guys making fun of students are college students yourselves.
Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
Your use of the r-word undermines the rest of your argument.
n/a
n/a
He's right
Don't use words that are damaging to others' reputations please.
Feminists just want to be equal to men. If you are angry about it just be quiet. someone dying their hair pink shouldn't make you angry.
You can express yourself better by using the C word. Not as offensive.
Explain your thoughts in a way that is less contentious please.
You are using trivial words to get your point across. Try using the "big C" instead
I understand you have feelings that are quite emotionally charged but please use words that are not so sordid.
It clearly isn't against the rules here on reddit.
It is not appropriate to attack people based on their religious affiliation. Debate their ideals not their religion.
I think the word you meant to use is "stupidity
We shouldn't degrade people with disabilities in order to express our disagreement with someone else's actions or thoughts.
Men are believed all the time at their word. Which is one of the reasons these women have to speak up; the men have been believed all along.
It is completely inappropriate to degrade women based on their gender let alone using terms that are degrading to people with disabilities.
The use of the word "cunt" in unnecessary and is not acceptable in this forum.
The use of the word "cunt" is unnecessary and unacceptable in this forum.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The use of the word "cunt" is unacceptable in this forum and unnecessary.
You using an entire race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using the words "nigger" and "autist" is not acceptable in this forum.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the word "cunt" is not acceptable in this forum.
You need to keep the anger out of you conversation. Talk like adults to one another.
Alright. Let's try to keep the conversation adult.
You're putting some very nasty words in their mouth with no evidence.
You both are using language that are minimizing both your intelligence as well as your arguments.  Back off the language people will listen
There are other words that can be used here. African American for example.
Wow man you had me until the foul language.  Back off on that and we can continue the conversation.
I need to you find a different word that is not so derogatory.
That's a really ugly opinion to have
C'mon back off the language a bit and we can continue to discuss.  You point loses validity though when you drop those words.
We are adults. Try to use adult language to get your point across.
Referring to these women in that way (even if they are acting entitled) makes people less likely to take your comments seriously.
You two are a hoot. Saying you'd rather die than deal with difficult people because they are women. I hope you solve your issues
I need facts on why you think France contains all communists.. Name calling is a way to avoid giving facts to back up your belief.
Calling people uncivilized and using slurs in the same sentence takes away your credibility
I'm pretty sure if someone attempts (or commits) suicide it doesn't change their sexuality.
Says a lot that instead of making a detailed response all you can come up with is "kys faggot"
Let's not use that term since it insults women.
Using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into the discussion. That's an entirely different set of problems.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
While you have strong feelings on the subject please keep the language clean.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please do not single out the mentally retarded. They're not the ones you're taking issue with here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from posting slurs and be instead be articulate with your strong feelings.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS.
Personal insults don't help the debate of a topic at all.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You don't know the reasoning why the sign was removed
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You're capable of making your point without belittling someone because they disagree with you.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Use of the n-word to insult someone is bigoted and has no place in this conversation because it is so offensive.
This nonsense has no place around here.
The current divisions in our country aren't helped by attacks on each other... clean it up guys
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I agree that a grown woman shouldn't be getting attention from children and knows better. Lock her up!
I don't think we can judge people's intelligence without knowing more...and labels are a bad idea
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
As a woman I can assure you we don't get equal pay. Every job I had
Careful with the labels...and I'm sure you'd agree that there are some smart people in all parties
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please don't use that term as it is very offensive.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
I'm sure you are able to express your dislike with more positive words.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Please don't use disrespectful terms for men or people with disabilities.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Your words reflect some opposition
Women deserve more respect than this term conveys.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no reason to use a term which offends disabled people.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Suspend or ban any accounts that user foul language or have software that doesn't allow foul language along with monitoring for any sexism.
fuck off back to the middle east' is an attack on an ethnicity and is not constructive to the conversation.
The level of ignorance it takes to downplay the evil of the KKK is absolutely astounding
Monitor closely for any negative religious references along with banning members who use foul language in the subreddits.
It sounds like you are taking one bad experience with a former lover and automatically labeling all women as evil
Suspend accounts that use foul language and make any references to sexism and stereotypes associated with genders.
You are really making a lot of generalizations about another race and then complaining about racism. Seems pretty ironic
Suspend or issue warnings to any accounts that use excessive foul language and make stereotypes about specific races and cultures.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Yeah
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Hey guys
To use mental disability to call something stupid only shows how uneducated you are on retardation.
Please do not use offensive language when attacking others
Don't get so angry about it
Do not use someones disability as an insult.
Please refrain from attacking others for their opinions on sensitive subjects such as abortion.
Why call her queer when she probably isn't
Hey now! Please do not use that vulgar language on this site.
Please refrain from attacking others for their sexual orientation or using sexual orientation as an insult.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language
I'd be more open to listening to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please remember if criticism is not constructive all your doing is making yourself look simple
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
what about their behavior makes you define them as such? general statements close of conversation
I understand you have a point to make but it's very hard to take it seriously when you use that word.
devaluing humans with words like that devalue your point
You'd be more persuasive if you used a different word for that group.
Please explain what about them makes them lesser as the term you used implies? no one is lesser
Re--rd" and "sl-t" are offensive terms that should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Omit gender offensive language.  Refrain from belittling words especially when describing individuals.   Avoid sexually explicit language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Avoid gender-offensive word(s).
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Remove gender-offensive words.  Omit words that offend the disabled/handicapped.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid indecent word(s) as references for describing individuals.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid language that offends the handicapped and disabled. Avoid words that fuel religious animosity.
Please lose the ableist language in your comment.  It's not helping your argument and it makes the sub look bad.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The hateful ableist language in your comment overshadows the point you're trying to make
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your comment.  It really doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please lose the hateful ableist and sexist language in these comments.  It does nothing but detract from the conversation you're having
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Clean up your language. It will show your intelligence.
Another sign of this being a toxic community is the flagrant use of slurs. Stop it.
While I appreciate lively political discussion I don't think the intellectually disabled should be brought into it. Especially with slurs.
Try to keep the derogatory language to a minimum. It's not needed to express yourself clearly.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. And let's not use the idea of a vagina as an insult please.
Your language and points that you bring up show a lack of character.
I am not entirely sure how I feel about feminism but I am sure that we shouldn't use hurtful words or call anyone names.
Try not to use words like "c***" they show a lack of character.
I agree that it is wise to be aware of things and obtain knowledge but I do not believe the use of harsh names is necessary.
Your language shows a lack of character.
It's sad what some people are driven to do but I do not believe calling them hurtful names and belittling them is not the answer
Everyone has an opinion and we need to treat each other with dignity and respect without using derogatory terms.
This is definitely a complex issue but I believe name calling and hurtful speech never solved any disagreement.
If your goal is to have a conversation with people
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
While I support your judgements of hate crimes being wrong calling people intellectually disabled perpetuates the climate that causes them.
Hey
No sense in the degenerate namecalling.
Actually being disabled is a protective class! In that we are human and it's morally wrong to hurt us! Or to use us as insults!
Hey guys let's stop stigmatizing the intellectually disabled by using the R word. We want this to be a place we can be proud of.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word makes you look less intelligent.
Wow buddy you've got a lot of aggression there. Women should be allowed to have whatever attitudes they want towards sex without shaming.
Such hateful and sexist remarks serve no use. These are real people and real victims. Show some respect.
Hey women wanting equal rights does not equal Nazism. Also be kinder to the mentally ill.
Let's act like adults and not resort to hateful name calling.
Assaulting anyone is not only a crime but morally wrong. No one wants to be hit so let's all be kind to each other today.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs as an insult towards others.
Please refrain from using derogatory language when speaking about others.
My son was given a partial and as a woman I didn't know the difference. He hates it now that he's older.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as speaking negatively about an entire gender.
The Prisoner of Azkaban isn't funny at all.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs when commenting on this platform.
Yea it's getting to the point of signing a consent to talk to a stranger
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs on this platform.
I don't think calling one of the main character out for being really fucking stupid adds much to your argument.
Using mental disability as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
These slurs are hateful and offensive ways to describe people and lower the discourse.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable as it offends women because of its hurtful nature.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please take a moment to read these people's stories and consider their pain.
Using broad hurtful strokes against groups... any group... hurts individuals
I can see that you are hearing people's opinions but you're making an effort not to internalize them.
Generalizations are always dangerous things in any discussion and hurtful labels never help matters
The poor Simpsons!  I love that show. I don't care it's always a good laugh; humor at it's finest.
This is a pretty extreme conclusion to jump to especially in support of that idea.
I feel like it makes you more comfortable to assume that women are stupid than that they have concerns.
Hurtful labels hurt good people...and don't help the conversation along
You're oversimplifying violence to make a political point.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of good people remember...and not worth the weak chuckle it might give you
Let's rephrase how you described their logic.
5. That's a slur stop it. 7. You're not a psychiatrist stop pretending you get to diagnose people with autism.
That word is derogatory towards women--let's rephrase.
Gendered inflammatory language has nothing to do with this incident
Try saying that again without the slurs.
Stop pretending people you disagree with have a mental disability.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful generalizations and labels hurt good people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Sexual slurs don't help any conversation
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The slurs don't help any conversation and would be best left out
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The generalizing slurs aren't helping your point...your comment would be a lot better without them
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Please don't use an offensive and derogatory term to xpress your opinion.  This is wrong and has no place in our society.
This forum does not tolerate offensive language.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
The use of offensive language is prohibited.
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Offensive words are strictly prohibited.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Offensive words are prohibited on this website.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and it is offensive.
Name calling leads to nothing but confusion on the actual premise of the comment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
The foul language shows a lack of knowledge as to what the topic is about.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The foul language used has greatly taken away the point of the discussion.
Using the word retarded is hurtful for people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Yes because making fun of disabilities is cool...
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The word retard is used too often when you can't find an appropriate way to fight against something or someone
Using the term retard is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. So sad that people use that to insult.
This is your grandmother. I still don't know how this reddit thing works
Cultural appropriation is a serious issue that steals cultural identity. This comment is just bombastic and no culture is involved.
I gave up dressing up as Strawberry Shortcake only a year ago.
I care about what they don't like. And furthermore
Let's refrain from language like that and listen to the other posters.
I don't agree with the removal. That is part of history regardless of it being negative or positive it's history.
Hey
Forgetting your apartment FOB is not a crime or a reason to die.
She was wrong but if he was actually a criminal she would of stopped a crime in it's tracks. This conversation wouldn't be happening.
You can't remove words from their meanings and history
Even if that was common on another site that terminology is not encouraged or acceptable to use.
FIFA Pro's should know better and act more mature than that.
It's a woman's place to comment about women's issues.
I got to say I do like how Jordan Petersen doesn't hold back on commenting.
Call her anything but the C word that word is fowl
I hope you realize that word is very offensive to some.
Retarded should not be used in this context it is offensive to those who are truly retarded.  Faggy talk there is no such thing.
Nobody can focus on your arguments when every other word seemingly is derogatory.
I hate the "c" word.  There are so many other descriptors out there that are not vile or offensive.  Call her a bitch.
I totally get your point but back off a little on the harsh language.  Your argument becomes diluted by using those words.
Your argument was solid and I completely agreed with you.  You shift the focus from your points onto you though when you use words like that
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word like this
The 'r' word is offensive and shouldn't be used even as a joke
Women don't play doctor. They go through the same training and have the same knowledge as male doctors.
If you were a doctor that actively believed in what he was doing the Hippocratic oath would not be null and void.
There were better words you could have chosen instead of the 'r' word
The name calling makes people lose sight of who is being discussed.
No use in using hateful language doesn't add to your argument
Even sarcastically using hate speech only detracts from your argument
Using homophobic slurs doesn't make anyone look intelligent
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary skills.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Ableist slurs don't make any sense in this conversation.
"D--bag" and "c--t" are offensive and bigoted terms and should not be used in political discourse.
Doesn't make sense to use offensive language to get your point across.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Using ableist slurs isn't adding anything to the conversation.
The "n word"" is demeaning offensive and so does not belong here.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
No reason for that sort of offensive language.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
my mouth does not belong down there 9/11 was not a joke
This term shouldn't be used as an insult.  It's offensive towards women
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
They stand up for every human being.
That term is derogatory towards mentally challenged people and shouldn't be used as an insult
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Broadcasting is everyone's right and you can not comment on refugee as Canada is a country made my refugees.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I have said enough and i don't have any hidden motive so let a man go of with some dignity
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
There was a reason for this censorship and you can read it all about it on the news.
Really no one has the right to tell someone else how many children they can or can't have.
This speech attacks women
This term can be viewed as misogynist in itself.
Calling women names and saying they aren't physically fit enough to do work in a field environment is incredibly ignorant.
Avoid using the term "cunts" it is considered offensive regardless of the context.
Please refrain from using the word "cunt."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling an entire group mentally disabled because they don't agree with your beliefs is beyond ignorant
Please refrain from using the term "retards."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling somebody retarded instead of actually attacking their points makes it obvious you don't have any strong response
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Ableist language is insensitive. Enough so that you will receive an IP ban if you continue to use it.
Sexist language is not accepted here. Keep that in mind in the future if you would like to keep your account active.
Using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people.
Neither ableist nor sexist language are acceptable here. Both of you have received your warning.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Keep the homophobia off this site or face a permanent ban.
Stop using gender based insults.
I wouldn't say a person who like sex in public is a sex offender. That is pushing it.
Stop using a gender based insult.
This was a very good lesson she can take into adulthood with her.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
She was wrong but at her age she doesn't understand why probably. I blame the parents for the way she was raised.
Stop using gender based insults.
It is awful that she still wanted to go on this trip after killing her friend.
Stop using racist insults.
Maybe I am old but memes just don't do much for me. I try to use them but it's kind of childish.
You should try to keep the conversation civil.
Using derogatory language about women doesn't help support your argument
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You can use other language to describe women you don't like. Try it!
Try Stupid person or dumb person
Bad choice of insensitive language which is derogatory to women and is definitely not necessary.
I'm not sure all women should be grouped into being the same group as that's sexist and talk of abuse should not be happening anywhere.
Some of the worst jokes I have heard referencing roasting women and saying that they treat men like dogs just is not funny.
This makes you seem like you look down on people with mental disabilities instead of looking like a valid opinion.
Trying to make an argument whilst using such offensive language just does not work cut it out.
Hey! You can state an opinion without using such language. Go ahead and give it try. You'll see it's easy to comment kindly.
Disagree with a person but no violence here.
That's a bit aggressive but I get why you're upset. We should probably take a step back and see the situation from another perspective.
You're judging a book by a cover. Stop.
You are right; It is often bad to judge a book by it's cover. However sometimes our natural instinct to do so is correct in it's assumption
A body part has nothing to do with this conversation.
Using offensive language doesn't really make you seem intelligent.
I know she is annoying but calling her such would just be an impression of myself not hers
Suicide is a very real issue. I don't care if it's men or women we're all human.
Using offensive language isn't contribution.
Disgusting I know but she must had been mentally sick.
Good because I was abused by my ex-husband. The thought of killing my kids to leave never crossed my mind.
Using offensive language doesn't help your case.
It could be but we cannot correct a wrongdoing by another incorrect behavior.
Police should act more respectful and professional.
Cops need to start being more professional it's out of control.
Maybe you don't like the perspective
Ableist slurs aren't a great look.
I am sure you feel big and strong talking like that but you sound like a bad comedian
Edgy racism is not nearly as funny as you think it is please grow up.
Well I suppose he won he got $6m. Lets move on.
Yeah definitely no issues of your own to work out. Get therapy.
Only write the first part of your answer the point is still made
If the c word is left out the sentiment stays the same
Please use language that is respectful toward women and minorities.
The last word is offensive and irrelevant to the point
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
The word is not needed and could be omitted
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
Replace the word with women or girl and it is not offensive
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged people have good hearts more than others without disabilities.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
There is no solid proof that Hillary Clinton lead us straight into Iraq and Libya on false pretenses
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
$20 an hour is not below minimum wage.
Using the word retarded as an insult because you disagree with someone is not acceptable.
Calling someone names in anger never solves any problems.
Making jokes that refer to disabilities are not acceptable or cool.
Using an acronym doesn't mean it doesn't hurt someone
Woman hating how original... /s
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Hurtful terms don't really help the conversation
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hurtful terms don't really move this conversation along
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of point of view. How sad.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Good people in all groups
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
It is funny because I recall in school being taught girls were smarter. I don't think it really matters either way..
"Re--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Tw-ts" is a sexist and offensive term and does not have a place in political discourse.
If a woman is weak I don't think she would be going shopping or even need a bra fitting.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Fa--ot" as used is patently offensive; the term should be avoided.
I wonder if there was a video or police cam on this one. Might be interesting to watch.
Both "tw-ts" and "c--t" used here to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided.
I just heard he got his ex-wife pregnant. Not sure if it's true but then that throws out the never getting married again theory.
We shouldn't make mockery of people's disability please.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Being middle-eastern does not make them terrorists. Please check your racism bigotry and mysogynism at the door
Everything is wrong with this I don't know if I can even try to begin to tell you what you said wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Cocksuckers" is offensive and while colorful does not impart exactly your reason for disparaging this person
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging for the differently abled. However moronic and idiotic have no stigma
To begin with learn different words for stupid and second well I cant even begin on your views of 14 year olds.
"Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable after having been a disparaging word for a group that\'s severely persecuted in history
Then maybe Reddit isn't for you.
Why do you have to use such a demeaning and derogatory term? You could have expressed your opinion using some other language
Would be easier to respect your opinion without the ableist slur.
Women's parts are not something that should be used as an insult
Why do you have to use such a derogatory and demeaning term? you could express your opinion with different language.
I see you delight in others's pain. Your mother must be proud of you. Especially with how you refer to women.
Derogatory terms are unnecessary just be friendly to other people
Sad that you think using derogatory slurs is funny.
Can't really respect your opinion when you think it's okay to use derogatory language like that.
Please do not use language and phrases that are demeaning to women.
It is never okay to use slurs against other people. You can dislike her all you would like but don't be rude.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to those with disabilties or women.
Making fun of people with disabilities to get your point across is not okay. There's also other words instead of slurs against women to use.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Says a lot about you that you can't just use the proper term
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
So many words that could have been used instead of just calling them retarded
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
All of your comments along with feeling the need to call them a cunt is really telling about the type of person you are
You need to improve your language.  Derogatory/demeaning terms are not needed to get your point across so please stop using them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This language is unnecessary.  You could have passed on over this post and never even used the language that you did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the c-word and calling people whores is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Its he said vs she said so you shouldn't just flat out insult these women. Two sides to every story.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities.
Well the great thing about a TV show is that you can turn it off. No biggie.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Calm down friend its just bad reporting.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Times do look crazy at the moment but don't add to it.
Using retarded as an insult is hateful to many people and unacceptable for use here.
You\'re not really doing yourself any favor using the word "faggot". It just makes you look ignorant.
The insult faggots regarding the LGBTQ community is hateful and unacceptable on this forum
The thing you disagree with her about has nothing to do with her being a female.
Similarities aside saying a violent fascist group is the same as a group calling itself anitfa for "anti fascist" is just wrong.
Using retarded as an insult is unacceptable hate speech do not use it.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
This a downright offensive slur that demeans all woman and this should be obvious to you.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This is a slur that is cheap and offensive and lowers the discourse.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop using gender based insults.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Don't put down people for their political choices or medical conditions.
Please refrain from making personal attacks on others wether or not you agree with their actions.
Using ableist slurs don't make you seem very intelligent.
I feel bad for the elderly. Especially those without family to help them.
Offensive language doesn't really belong in any intelligent conversation.
Not really. I have a 4 year degree and I cannot find work. Either they say I'm overqualified or they just don't hire me.
YouTube changed the copyright policies and everybody lost money including them.
Using offensive slurs don't really add to the conversation.
Poor guy was assaulted for doing the moral thing; terrible.
Judging someone by their belief system only makes the situation worse as everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Using homophobic slurs isn't helping prove any point.
Everyone is different in their own unique ways.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
You should try to watch other films if this one only brings hate out of you.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
She has a name.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding gender.
Your opinion is hard to take seriously when it's laced with ableist slurs.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. You seem like an irrationally angry person.
Using misogynistic language doesn't help get your point across.
You seem obsessed with women
Using ableist slurs doesn't really help any point you're trying to make.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Abuse comes in many forms and it doesn't matter if you're a man or woman.
There's really no reason to be using misogynistic slurs in any commentary.
I'd love to hear what your mom thinks of that
I don't think anyone can make a claim like this without strong data to back it up.
This statement is not backed up by science.
Hey poor white people don't deserve to be criticized without warrant. They have enough problems.
It sounds like you're the bitter one to me. And please don't use hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults and promoting violence.
Use of the c-word and violent language here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals.
Calling someone names doesn't give a good impression of them only an impression of the user of the name calling.
Stop using sexual and political choices as insults.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals (even if you are bisexual).
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Don't use gender based insults.
Imagined being so bad at life that seeing people being beaten is the highlight of your day.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Right whatever you need to tell your brain to convince yourself that women can never be right.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
If you feel strongly about an issue put your efforts into solving the problem
Please refrain from the ableist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the debate in this thread
Maybe you could put together another means of paying respects to these men instead of spending your time to bad mouth her.
Using sexist language in your comment isn't benefiting your argument and it's not adding anything productive to the sub's conversation
I agree it's stupid but I think we can do better than using a word that disparages the differently abled.
I think ridiculous would be a better description.
The ableist language you're using in your comment is not adding anything remotely productive to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
I think the term alt-right is vague and I can see how the journalist classified you as such
I think you could find better ways to say you don't agree.
Please refrain from using the ableist language you've used in your comment.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Not sure what anyone is hoping to accomplish with the disrespectful comments. Seems there are a lot better ways to get your point across.
Using the ableist language you've included in your comment is not adding to the debate in the thread in any way.
You can express your opinion without using offensive language.
Please express your opinion without using offensive language.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Do not use language that is hateful and completely disparages an entire group of people.
Do not use language that offends half of our population to make your point.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others especially the LGTB community itself.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Perhaps reconsider using the word 'faggot' next time.
Such slurs have no place in our conversation because this denigrates homosexuals.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Consider why certain words here could be deemed offensive I'm certain that was not the aim of your point.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Considered whether offensive and accusatory language is really appropriate here.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women..
I'm not sure a hateful slur was really necessary to make this point.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop with the gender bashing and medical condition insults.
Offensive language is not necessarily in this discussion.  Each of you have opinions that can be expressed without using these terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Violent language against people with disabilities does nothing to further your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
They shouldn't of gotten rid of Chuck in the first place. No way anyone can do better than he did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Spitting on anyone is just so disrespectful. But I don't think it should be a reason to fire someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Using language that is violent towards people with disabilities does nothing for your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
Nobody needs to be hit. The lady should of acted like an adult and been respectful of others. We are losing this in the USA.
This language is violent and unnecessary. Using slurs does nothing for your argument except make you seem ignorant.
Mad max can be far right and still have his own desires behind closed doors.
Is that any way to talk to a stranger user? Keep that kind of language on 4chan
Please we are both fortunate enough to be able to pay for dinner lets move on.
There's no need to use ableist language. You made your point clear without it. This is your warning before earning a suspension.
It is a good perspective on how woman feel regardless of who they are or what they suffer with.
Here's a reminder for you--don't use hate speech in your posts if you want to keep your account active.
Re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
That term has been offensive for years pretending you don't know that won't protect you from an IP ban if you continue using it.
It is considered morally incorrect to refer to mentally retarded people in that way so I would prefer that we didn't.
Hard to understand what you're trying to say when you use nothing but offensive language.
You know that less people will pay attention to you when you use language like that.
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
You point is valid but you lose some credibility when you use language like that.
Using offensive slurs like that makes it hard to take anyone seriously.
You all are making valid points to some degree but its getting lost in all of the vulgarity.
You're not strengthening your argument by using slurs
Following the law isn't about upholding old cultural norms. It's about respect. For everyone.
It's not a good look to use that kind of language just to insult a reviewer you don't like.
Instead of Jason and his journalism others out there are serving us bettter.
You're kind of making her point for her by acting like this.
Sounds like you are a bit jealous.  Sounds like you could do with a bit of attention.
Any little blue pill popping man will make even the prettiest girl act up.
Please do not respond to other users using sexually vulgar language
It's hard to take you seriously when you use derogatory language like that.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please do not use vulgar language when posting on here.
Hey now you can get your point across with out using that sexually vulgar language.
Cultural appropriation despite the beliefs here is a thing. Whether it's bad is up for debate but I know slurs are. Stop it.
I agree that everyone is entitled to their opinion but I do not believe that using hateful language is a good way to get a point across.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and so are all other insults here.
Regardless if a woman is blameless I don't think that hurtful and vulgar language is an appropriate response.
Use of the c-word is hurtful spiteful and completely unacceptable as it is derogatory against women.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. It is offensive to the millions of people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
I think asking questions is a great way to gain knowledge but using improper english is not always the most tactful thing.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Although it may have been deserved I don't think name-calling or using hurtful words is very productive.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in decent discourse as it denigrates women.
Name calling only shows the characteristics of the person doing it.
Calling her that will not make you feel better about yourself.
Attempting to read something with so much foul language and find the point of view is nearly impossible.
It really shouldn't bother you so much if a he does turn into a she says more about you than them.
Name calling in no way shows the characteristics of that person but it speaks volumes about the one doing the name calling.
I seriously doubt that this person is mentally diminished.
The use of foul language shows a lack of actual information.
Im pretty sure your mother would not share the same views as you on this matter.
Using the foul language and suggestions of certain behavoirs makes the point of conversation disappear.
You disagree with feminism because the power structure plays to your interests. That does not mean it's inherently unintelligent.
No news editor should ever say diversity isn't strength. Our entire country is built on diversity.
Last I checked
I could never tell my grandmother she couldn't say anything.
Refrain from using offensive comments regarding sexual terms.
Men know what consent is. They also understand when they're using slurs towards intellectual disability. You know what you're doing. Stop it
Men know when a woman is consenting or not. That is just a way to get out of trouble.
Please dont use a persons disability as a term for an insult.
The problem you're talking about isn't a problem. It is the result of being together a long time and what marriage is built on.
Avoid using offensive terms regarding females in your response.
Maybe you would have more cordial relations with women if you didn't refer to them using slurs.
No man should ever leave a woman in harms way of an assault. I don't care how rich or poor she is or arrogant.
Woah watch your language when responding to posts. Do not use cultural or sexual orientation as an insult to others.
Using the slurs and hate here to insult hurts and demeans wpomen and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Just because I think different from you it doess mean you have to say those things
What the woman did was awful
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Thats your point of view relax
Maybe you are right but I dont think that is the whole true
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans and is not acceptable in our conversations.
You dont know the reality of every people. No one can affirm anything
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
That language is completely unnecessary and should not be used to express your opinion
Don't use a medical condition to insult others.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is derogatory and offensive to people with actual disabilities and has no place being used in conversation.
Using the c-word and slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Why would you want to use such fowl language to comment on something that has nothing to do with your life?
Using the slurs here hurts and demeans people other than you alienates and is not acceptable.
Yeah this is definitely going on r/AsABlackMan...
That word was used as a derogatory term for slaves and has no place in society today regardless of what color your skin is it should never
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please do not use that word as an insult to someone that is unfair to the people that have disabilities
Please use language that is respectful of the differently abled.
You used a word that is hate speech toward people with disabilities and that will not be tolerated here.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
That word is offensive toward the LGBT community and will not be tolerated here.
The use of that word is derogatory toward women and will not be tolerated.
Please use language that is respectful of women.
I understand the anger especially if she is an animal abuser but the use of hate speech (including toward women) is not tolerated.
Yeah she's going to prison
This type of rhetoric is derogatory towards targeted groups and the point can be made without these words.
How original an insult... /s
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
It might be outlandish but let's keep the conversation civil. We're all entitled to our opinions.
This type of rhetoric is derogatory and the point can be made without these words. Please refrain from using such terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. That's low.
I'm so tired of that word. Everyone has abilities and inabilities. Some men are louder to make up for other limits. We don't announce it!!
These derogatory terms such as "retard" and "arseface" are very uncalled for. Please watch your language.
Use more gender appropriation avoid slang and deragotory gender pronouns and descriptors.  Avoid harsh and aggressive adjectives and slang.
Feminists are just human beings fighting for their human rights. Please refrain from using the term in a negative context.
Avoid using term 'feminists
Women are not objects so you should not refer to them as such especially when talking about intercourse.
Avoid sexually explicit language.  Refrain from deragatory/slang pronouns to identify gender.
Ummm
"Bint" is a very hurtful derogatory term that should not be used to describe women. That was uncalled for.
"Retard" is a derogatory term and is an insult to mentally ill people. You should not be using that word with a negative connotation.
Avoid deragatory language.  Refrain from curse words when describing individuals.  Omit offensive language towards handicap.
The concern here is that real women are getting hurt this isn't a rhetorical exercise.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
I don't think that you had any purpose to saying this except to insult people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
Considering the history of harm against gay people you should think twice before using this as a joke.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
If you want to be taken seriously in this argument you shouldn't continue to use your reflexive insults.
Stop picking on political choices and bashing people for their gender.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
How original an insult... /s
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Wow hateful
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
I think it is more of a mental disorder to constantly cut others' down to prove your point.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Even though she did something horrible we don't need to lower ourselves a level by calling her names.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It is not a good idea to use the word retarded to describe people with different views if you want to be taken seriously.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
We should respect people with mental disabilities and not use derogatory terms to describe other things.
Hard to respect anything you have to say when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Talking about women this way may be why you are having trouble connecting with them.
You might've had a good point
Regarding human connection this cynically is not going to help you to be happy in life.
One of you is wrong and one of you is right and both of you need to stop using offensive language towards women.
Using offensive language doesn't really help get any sort of point through.
These comments are clearly made only to upset people and you should take a look at people having a healthy conversation around you.
What a heinous and disgusting thing to say. I hope one day you grow up and learn to have shame.
Using misogynistic language isn't really helping anyone respect your opinion.
If you are worried about protecting girls you shouldn't be using sexist language.
There's no reason to use language like that just because you're upset. Think about all the women you're offending.
Using homophobic slurs isn't adding to the discussion.
It might be best to consider why these ideologies are received negatively instead of feeling victimized.
It makes no sense to use a term that is so highly offensive in this context. Reddit has a diverse user base and is not full of homosexuals.
People that have autism don't choose to have it and you should choose respect for people choose your words wisely
Please do not use mental illness as an insult when referring to others
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
They don't deserve ridicule they need support
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in comments.
There is not a reason in the universe for genocide. These people cannot help they were born and live where they do.
Please refrain from advocating genocide and using derogatory language as well as mental illnesses as insults.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
this language doesn't support anyone's argument bad people are bad people but not all women are involved here
What does this language add to anyone's argument stereotyping doesn't belong here
even if you don't agree with it using that kind of language and hate speech just perpetuates it and doesn't help your argument
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
how does this contribute to any argument it's unnecessary hate speech
Let's avoid this kind of language.
Defining someone by their gender and sexuality shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Why do you have to use such offensive language to express your opinion? Those words should never be used to describe another person
I realize you're quoting...somebody
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Let's try to avoid this kind of language in the future. I understand you're quoting a movie
Please don't use offensive and derogatory terms to express your opinion about something this trivial.
I don't think there is a rape culture
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Putting others down and using foul language makes others not take the comments seriously.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone names shows how little of a person they truly are.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone such a despicable name shows the world your lack of intelligence.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
With all the name calling it is easy for someone to lose sight of whatever point the commenter was attempting to make.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
More moderators to monitor misogyny and a button that the harassed can use to  keep users who have harassed them from commenting to them.
Most women are perfectly wonderful don't generalize your feelings to all of them
Moderators can discourage useless comments that don't add anything to the conversation.
"Re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
"Ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"B--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and detract from intelligent discourse. They should be avoided.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Feminists is an acceptable term but probably using cunt is too much.
While I agree should we consider we would get a lot more agreement without the c words?
I don't understand what the gay community has to do with your disagreement with this person.
we can have a mature discussion without calling names. let us all be adults here.
We might get further intellectually if we get gone with the name calling. Worth a try?
This is exactly the problem. That word is highly offensive to many females. There's just no need.
we can have different opinion but we can state that without being too emotional
We were doing well until the lazy **** though/ I know it was meant conversationally but it really takes away from all. Make sense?
To answer the question of this thread--yes it is offensive in this use. Now that you've been warned further use could lead to suspension
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Using sexist language is not acceptable. Try actually contributing something next time. Such hate speech will just lead to suspensions.
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Misrepresenting an article won't lead to a ban but using sexist language can. Next time don't risk it and keep such language off the site.
You are making far too many generalizations with no evidence to back up your claims.
There's a lot to unpack here but the gist of it is this--using sexist language will lead to a ban in the future.
Women aren't foreign creatures they are human same as you.
If you can't express your feelings without using sexist language
She may be evil but using language like that takes away from your statement.
Cease the painful comments to others who are innocent.
The insult you used intends to hurt a specific group of people and is hateful
Tell me how you feel but leave out the damaging remarks.
Automatically dismissing women's opinions is extremly inapropriate. You are taking down half of the population because you do not understand
Let me hear your feelings without the degrading speech.
I don't know that I'd go quite that far but yes it was a silly thing of them to say.
Please do not use that vulgar term when describing others.
I don't think it's necessarily good to classify people like that. But I understand the point.
Do not use a disability as an insult to others.
Automod was dumb
I think it might be a bit wrong to refer to a nationality like that.
Woah! There is no place for that language here. Do not use those terms again.
I don't think that is a good thing to call them.
Please avoid using that term regarding a mental disability
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
Using the word 'twat' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the slur used here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
The thing is with lawsuits is that the victims never really get enough of the money. It is wasted on lawyers and specialists.
Everything you have said is somewhat acceptable other than using the r word for no reason.
I see that you were quoting someone
Both sides are out of control. Just like with racism there is no reason anymore in 2019 to have such a divide!
You're doing a good enough job making yourself look bad using language like that. Keep sexist language off the site or be banned.
Men have a right to stick up for themselves but honestly both genders need to just stop and get along again.
So rude without any reason! Let's move forward with some more positive dialogue.
Racism/homophobia are unacceptable. Continue to use the language or perpetuate the stereotypes seen in this thread and you'll be permabanned
Eating dogs might be acceptable in other countries but in America that isn't something we do openly.
This is a dumb joke and this entire thread should stop.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I wouldn't drag people with disabilities like that. Do better.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The more name calling I use the more right I am" -You
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
To use sexuality an of insult is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"shit track"\n2. inadequate expression:"screaming faggot"
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"dyke rage"
It isn't funny or edgy to behave this way
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
1. inadequate expression : "some retards"\n3. inadequate expression: "stop oppressing me faggot !"\n5. inadequate expression: "to choke you"
Hey
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
2. inadequate word and expression: "Dumbass. Retarded fucking dumbass."\n4. inadequate expression: "Dimwit. Retarded fucking"
1. inadequate expression:"but racist taddle tales do"\n2. inadequate expression: "the black chick"\n3. inadequate expression: "kid retarded"
It's possible to have a conversation without resorting to slurs.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use those words.
Let's calm down on the slurs.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Heeeyy...you can find something else a little better to say than that word!
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
That's offensive to those who are mentally handicapped.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
People sometimes get lower paying jobs while going to school or in-between higher paying jobs everyone deserves to have food on the table.
Use of the word moron and retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You're throwing a really wide net to say the entire fourth largest continent in the world is a hell hole for people who are men.
There are women who are capable of loving someone just as there are men.  On the other hand there are people who are incapable of feeling.
Use of the c-word is offensive and derogatory towards women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word sullies the discussion here; use of this word is derogatory towards all women and not acceptable.
Hate speech isn't very attractive!  I think we can find more positive ways and words of expressing ourselves!
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Attacking people based on race is unacceptable hate speech (even if done jokingly). Please debate with ideas not insults.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please do not use slurs based on disabilities (e..g the "r" word). Your argument should be able to stand without it.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using slurs based on mental health (the "r" word) is considered hate speech. Please make your arguments without using on them.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please refrain from referring to one's national origin
Attacking someone by using ableist slurs is no way to have an argument.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please knock off the name calling.  You can express your opinion without using derogatory remarks that are incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the language "Stupid cunt" is an attack on women and you should not continue to say this.
More appropriate words to use are "mentally handicapped" and "homosexual"
Please refrain from using language classified as hate speech in your posts including homophobic misogynistic or ableist insults.
Just because you don't understand someones sexual orientation gives you no right to insult them in the manner that you have.
More appropriate words to use are "homosexuals" and do not use the word \'degenerates\'
Please refrain from using language that could be classified as hate speech in this case homophobic insults. It adds nothing to the convo
a more appropriate word to use is 'technohomosexuals''
Please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your comments.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
the word 'homosexual' is more appropriate to use but shouldn't be used either in this case.
Let's refrain from using hateful speech in this case misogynistic and homophobic insults.  It adds nothing to the conversation of the sub.
While I understand you guys are frustrated these words are hurtful to people that aren't your intended target.
"Ret--d" and its variants offend many and must be avoided here.
Using "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You made a very well-reasoned argument up until your unnecessarily sexist last sentence then you lost me.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Must we add insult to injury in regard to mentally and physically challenged folks by comparing them to Trump?
"Ret---ed"  as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey this conversation has nothing to do with handicapped people.
People sometimes will interpret things in a way you don't like. Don't cry 'unintelligent' when it could just be a difference in opinion.
C--t" and "re--rd" are offensive and hateful terms; please avoid using them in this forum.
You're trying to confirm your own biases and being unnecessarily harsh because of it.
It's better to assume ignorance than malice true but it's also better not to use slurs to refer to ignorance. See it as a teaching moment.
Ret--d" used here unfairly targets the mentally disabled and their families.
I wish you could meet the people that you hurt with this kind of langugae.
I doubt that blogger is as unintelligent as you say- not that it's a bad thing to be intellectually disabled of course.
since it offends many
Even if this story is true you went in with really racist assumptions.
I think you are misrepresenting black people. Please don't refer to them with that term.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid it simply makes you seem as if you have a lack of a vocabulary.
Do you have to refer to them in offensive language?
Defining someone by their social class is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
do you even understand what you're saying
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
do you have to say retarded?
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
It's like that homosexual slur is the only word you know! You should definitely expand your vocabulary!
Please do not use the word faggot
Using the slur here to insult is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Making fun of a serious disease like is done here is offensive and hurtful to decent people everywhere.
I can't believe several posters are on here admitting they looked at illegal content. The hateful slurs used in your posts don't help.
Derogatory remarks are uncalled for
The insults levied here are all highly offensive to groups of people and as such this type of hurtful speech has no place here.
RAcial stereotypes are ignorant
Mocking someone's fear isn't col. Neither is the name calling.
Misogynist text is ignorant
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
This comment is ridiculously offensive to many groups of people especially lesbians. It is just unnecessary.
Just because someone likes someone of the same sex doesn't mean you're a bad person.
There is no way to stop recognizing how we're created. Yes a man holds sperm
The mocking tone and the use of retarded are both rude and offensive.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are dumb.
So I really don't see the issue between anime and fascism.
Just because you don\'t agree with what an author writes does not mean the author is "a retard." Much better words can be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean yours is better.
It is not sexist to hold women accountable
Being feminist does not make someone an idiot. Not all feminists play "victim" and telling them to shove it up their twat is so vulgar.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using "Tw--s" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling does not make your point more valid.
Using the "c---" term and insulting the aged are both offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean calling them names will solve the problem.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret---ed" "fag--t" "tw-t" and/or "cu-t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Using foul language and name calling does nothing to validate your point it only creates arguments.
Your insult game is mad whack.
Using foul language and talking down on others only starts arguments it doesn't make your point of view heard.
To define someone by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
Using foul language only shows that you either didn't grasp the article or you have a lack of a vocabulary.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
"Ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint.
Both using the "c---" term and misogynistic hatred directed at women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. You don't seem like the most rational person.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring yet offensive--it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
opinions can be expressed without slander.
point can be made without derogatory.
The pejorative uses of "c--t" here is hateful and detracts from intelligent discourse. It should be avoided.
slandering individuals is only creating bigger issues.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
agreeing to disagree is whats best when conversations begin to escalate.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Writing a comment consisting of nothing but a derogatory slur isn't really adding anything to the discussion.
That is a poor choice of words pick something better
Using offensive slurs thinking that they add to the conversation in any way makes you seem ignorant.
Lift your conversation out of the gutter you can do better.
Using derogatory language like that defeats the purpose of your argument.
Using derogatory language isn't any way to get your point across in an argument.
You have been flagged for using hate terms choose your words more carefully.
Just cause she's a lady it doesn't mean you should call her a cunt.
Please do not use sexist language in your posts.
Please do not use language that perpetuates racist stereotypes.
User 9 why are you so angry about this it isn't that big of a deal. Chill out man.
Even if she did abuse her mother you don't need to call her a cunt. That's a bit much.
You don't have to call someone retarded. Didn't your mother ever teach you that if you don't have anything nice to say don't say nothing.
It might not seem that deep but a lot of people do use video games to express internal bias. It's not right.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and retarded as they directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness respectively
You should respect people's religious beliefs and cultural experience.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
None of you sound smart. Police brutality is a serious issue and you should try engaging with it in a more understanding way.
Its inappropriate to use words (retard and cunt)that directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness.
They are ableist as well as racist since that slur paints the intellectually disabled in a bad light.
Hey guys please do not use someones disability as an insult.
Don't taunt others when they're down. Especially not with slurs.
Woah there is no reason to use that type of vulgar term.
Avoid using those vulgar terms when posting in response to others.
There is no reason to use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in these posts.
You can make the same argument and points without using this speech. It will make your post more enjoyable and readable
Females generally don't get passes just because they're female.
Simply find better words. This will likely result in you getting more upvotes and karma on Reddit. No one wants downvotes.
More moderators on this subreddit to cut down on misogyny
Disable the chatbox from typing offensive words.
The face she's making might just be her poker face.  More investigation would have to be done on her training.
If you cannot add something that furthers the conversation of the topic then do not post at all
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words
This comment contains a slur that is very harmful for gay people.
excercising your free speech by being offensive...nice
The r word is a slur that affects mentally disabled people. Even medically it's an outdated term.
a little much
Not only are there words being used to degrade women here the entire comments are degrading to women. Absolutely horrifying.
To be honest it's simple. We have somewhat free speech online. If I don't like what a person posts I just unfollow them or block them.
The real reason is because law and order has many different meanings in various cities.
I think she doesn't want to bothered today that's all.
Not sure who specifically you are referring to but you might want to explain yourself in more detail without the vulgar language.
Wow that is awful. Even if I don't really like my family I still have a moral obligation to be kind to them.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using words that are commonly regarded as derogatory towards women.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
With the words you choose to use you are reinforcing a culture of hatred.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Using this language does not promote a constructive conversation on this subject no matter how horrible this woman's actions were.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Resorting to hateful rhetoric is a poor way to support your point in any argument
C--t" and "cow" are offensive inappropriate and misogynistic terms; they should not be used here.
Stop with the gender bashing insults.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in civilized discourse. It is an offensive slur that is hateful toward all women.
Retard" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of the word retard and gay in this thread is offensive because it equates with being inferior and that is wrong.
Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
While I agree that anti-vaxers are misinformed
My son had a bad reaction and now has mild autism and a rare muscular disease. So ant-vaxers aren't crazy. Just do your research.
Everyone is entitled to there opinion.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. Especially not with slurs.
Star Trek Discovery is awesome!
Making up words is literally how language advances. It is perpetuated by people using words they're not supposed to use
It is more of an aggressive personality if a player is triggered. Nothing to do with gender.
Hey guys
Every language has their good and bad words. Let's leave it at that and move on.
I don't understand how any woman would appreciate the terms you used.
Please refrain from making sexist and gender demeaning comments.
"B--ch" and "c--t" used to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
I don't believe there is any event that vindicated the use of a word that condemns all women.
Please do not use language that is demeaning towards women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Using "tw-t" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please do not make comments attacking women.  Also refrain from using language that demeans those with disabilities.
"Retar---ion" offends many and detracts from the rest of your argument.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Tell me how you feel but please reappraise your language.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please limit the negative comments that are demeaning to others.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please change your words to ones that are more congenial.
Both "fa--ot and "c--t" are offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
Remember that others have feelings so please reconsider the talk that is demeaning.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that language.
Not sure if you're trying to be deliberately edge but please watch the language in this subreddit.
Stop using gender based insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your point isn't wrong but you need to check the language.
Stop using a medical condition as a slur.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
This conversation needs to calm down a little so I'm stepping in. Please watch the language.
Stop using gender based political choices and racist propaganda as insults.
While your sentiment is not wrong you need to avoid this type of language.
This is a serious medical concern. No need to start with the anti-woman slurs.
Homophobic language will not be tolerated here.
No reason to use homophobic slurs. Sexuality has zero to do with this topic.
This language is not acceptable. While you make a point this is not necessary.
This is a very interesting viewpoint despite your hateful comments suggestion the poster's lack of intelligence in your opinion.
Let's avoid this language please.
This type of language mocks mentally challenged individuals and has nothing to do with your point.
The name calling isn't necessary; just say they're stupid and  move on.
Hey i am retarded and very offended.  Retards are more intelligent than that lobotomized sponge.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
You're making a lot of assumptions about these people when you've never met them. They probably aren't nearly as bad as you think.
You lose you're arguement with me when you compare  use some of the terminology you do
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Trying to fight fire with fire here isn't going to change anything. You're allowed to be upset
You don't have anything more clever than that?
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Using a slur like 'cunt' doesn't make your argument any better
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You don't have any proof that people with mental handicaps are dangerous. Look up some real data and you might change your mind.
Educate yourself.  This is an incredibly ignorant view and you should work on it.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
What is the point of using that language in this context it is irrelevant
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think it's fair to lump entire countries together anyway we all have lots of different types of people with different ideas
Regardless of the context "faggot" is such an offensive term it should be avoided.
Why do you care what other people do with their lives it doesn't affect you
Someone's gender shouldn't be a reason to hate someone and not all men are terrible.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Even though the mom has done something terrible such as this the justice system will find the right punishment for her besides hanging.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Sounds like you're speaking from experience. Do you want to talk about what your ex-girlfriend did to make you miserable?
She will eventually be punished but there is no point on stooping to there level and call people names.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Revise content to remove negative comment re: sexual orientation
Stop using sexual choice based insults.
Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
Stop using a gender based insult.
Remove 2nd sentence in your comment please.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
Racist comments are not permitted.
Stop using negative racist terms as insults.
Refrain from using slang terms for people with disabilities.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable because it disparages a group of people that have been historically persecuted
Hey gay people are accepted now. Calling them slurs just outs you as a bigot.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Luckily ableist slurs are not institutionalized into the literature of computer science. However they seem to be wired into your brain.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Retarded" is not a cool word to use anymore. It was formally a word used to disparage the differently abled. Luckily we\'re more civilized
Hey guys I agree with your politics but let's not use the r-word.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
There is little going on here except for hate speech and that has to stop.
how is that comment helpful
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
No need to use that word.
No need to use that degrading word.
ideology doesn't have to lead us all to use hateful speech
Stop using political choices and medical conditions as insults.
These comments come off as childish.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey that term is offensive towards women. If you hate women keep using it otherwise don't.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Hey the r-word has unfortunate reminders of the history of the intellectually disabled. Let's not use it and make reddit a pleasant place.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey that word is offensive towards gays.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Just because someone disagrees with you does not mean their views are dumb.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that hate speech should not be tolerated here or anywhere.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I think it's possible. A lady could spike a mans drink and rape him just like a man can to a woman.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't the boogey that is being seen as bad it's the latter.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that view.
Whoever asks someone on a date (man or girl) should pay but if it's a friend with no romantic chance than no we're paying 50/50.
Please do not use offensive and/or derogatory language as an insult
Wow well men do this a lot too. Especially with younger women. They just trade the older model in for the newer one.
derogatory and sexist comments are hurtful and unwelcome. They do not reflect the values of the members here. Please refrain
I actually still use PayPal and my kids make fun of me saying nobody does anymore.
the use of racist and derogatory terms are hurtful and unneeded. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to Admin
xenophobic and sexist terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments on this thread
You're last comment made you look pretty trivial. Try adult language.
The idea of a porn game is cool but not a headless body.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please show some respect to woman and refrain from these type of comments.
Omit [cunt]. This term is generally considered profane & sexually deragatory.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Refrain from using deragatory descriptors (i.e. [retard]).   This term is considered bias against developmentally disabled.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive detracts from your point and should be avoided.
Avoid using profanity during descriptions.  Refrain from deragatory terms such as [retard].
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Avoid using the term "retarded". Many users find it offensive.
I agree. Keep the bigoted terms to yourself.
Warning. Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many view it as offensive in any context.
Try dumb or stupid instead of a derogatory term.
Avoid using the term "retarded" Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
There are a few words here that show you might be intellectually challenged. Try a little harder.
Avoid the term "retarded"  Many consider it offensive regardless of the context.
The user probably didn't understand how to create the content and seemed to be in an unfortunate state. Name-calling won't help.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
That is entirely irrelevant to this conversation and also very painful to read and most important not true.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Let's listen to what the original poster was trying to say. Calling anyone a c-word male or female is bad form.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that the language of the article was incorrect but there's no need to use that word to describe it. It is hurtful.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
That kind of language necessarily insults all women not just the one you are talking about
Your comments about feminists and individuals with autism are a violation of Reddit's content restrictions
Repeating this hateful language isn't helping though could leave it out
Use of that term to describe a woman is offensive and gender discrimination
don't think lumping all women into a categroy like this helpful though
The degenerate language being used makes everyone want to stop reading.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This comment disparages half the human race with bad words and puts it off as fact.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This has devolved into name calling it adds nothing.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please try to be more sensitive on this issue.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Misogynistic hatred "Tw-t" and "ret--d" are hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's not a respectful word
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
using the word 'retard' is considered to be albeism. Refrain from such words
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It is not an appropriate to make fun of a persons mental development .
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please don't make fun of someones mental development by using it as a slur.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The word used as a slur towards women is not appropriate here.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The profanity used can be mistaken for hate speech towards Hindus and women refrain from using it.
using the words 'faggot' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
The use of a homophobic slur is unnecessary.
You don't have to call people that word
The foul language should be replaced in order for people to want to hear your opinion.
You can express your political opinions without resorting to slurs thanks.
Speaking such derrogatory comments speaks volumes about your character.
Regardless of your struggles being sexist is never okay.
That was probably the most ignorant
Replacing the foul language will make people more open to hearing your opinion.
Please educate yourself on sexual assault and rape culture.
Crude language may confuse readers on your meaning and intention.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
The damage has been dealt there is no reason to be rude as well.
Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
That term refers to a serious medical condition. It doesn't mean what you think it does.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
He was already agreeing with you that she's in the wrong. No need to pull out the anti-woman slurs.
You are using pejorative and hateful terms for women in a demeaning manner. You are attacking this person on the basis of her sex.
I agree hate speech is antiquated and we're beyond it. It has no place in 2019.
If your mom is still taking care of you she deserves a medal not to be called hateful names!
What's wrong with that? You seem like an unkind
Totally unwarranted to use a slur regarding someone's sexual orientation as a response.
Using this term in this way constitutes hate speech.
If you don't like something you don't need to resort to hateful language to express yourself.
Please avoid using the term "cunt" to describe people. It is hate speech.
It's not nice to use that word when talking about the mentally ill. That was very offensive.
No reason to insult people with a disability while expressing your opinions here.
This comment is pure hate speech even the parts that are not vulgar. please avoid such speech.
As much as I agree with your stance it is not necessary to insult those with mental disabilities.
This type of language is offensive and your point can be made using other words.
That was a whirlwind of a statement it goes from nice
I agree with gender equality but using a derogatory word in your statement is counterproductive.
This type of language is offensive and promotes a culture of hatred. Please refrain from using these words in your argument.
You don't have to disparage a whole gender because this person wasted your time.
The use of foul language takes away from any point that is trying to be made.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
That's pretty inappropriate. How would they know which side of the fene you belong on
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Name calling only speaks about the name callers character.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
I don't feel it's necessary to use a word that demeans the differently-abled just to describe your feelings for this person
The foul language should be replaced with more proper verbiage.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think everyone would appreciate it if you saw yourself out of this subreddit. Thank you.
What is the point in calling people retards? Do you think it makes you look intelligent?
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Nothing that any of you have said has been productive. Just taking pot shots at each other.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
SHould be ashamed.. misleading someone that doesn't speak english well enough.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Both gender-based threats of violence and using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive hate speech and should be avoided.
Referring to others with derogatory language undermines your points consider different language in the future
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
"Dumb c--ts" is a hateful ignorant and misogynistic utterance and so has no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Using the "c---" term to refer to women far from showing cleverness is in fact offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Everyone needs to stop with the racist profiling. Not everyone is the same. I am blonde white female and I'm broke.
If you are trying to defend minorities using language like this does not help your cause.
You should at least try to listen to people's objections before you dismiss them.
I know 9pm doesn't seem late to some but to be out on Halloween it's a bit late. My kids never went out after 7 or 8
All you are doing is trying to silence women for disagreeing with you
If you want to be taken seriously in your arguments you shouldn't insult totally unrelated minorities!
I love Judge Judy! Nobody can call her sexist she gets on everyone!
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
It is ridiculous and harmful to suggest that women and Muslims are able to "get away with anything". You are fomenting resentment.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively far from showing any wit is offensive and should be avoided
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
The "n word" in any context offends many so has no place in intelligent commentary.
106: your comment trivializes rape and falsely suggests that women you don't find attractive cannot be victims. 92: n-word is racist.
Dude
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative sterotype show care or promote understanding.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or you will be reported
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
You know
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please think about what you are saying before you comment.
Please withdraw the harmful language from your comments.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please know that there are consequences to your speech so take out the nasty language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please eradicate the destructive language from your commentary.
Please think about how your words can negatively affect others feelings and remove the damaging ones.
Regardless of her opinion you should not call her that.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature make a productive conversation.
Not sure  who your referring to but that language is not appreciated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Calling him that will not make you feel better about yourself.
I dont understand why everyone on this site uses that word when referring to a female.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Saying something like that is wrong I bet you wouldnt feel the same if it was your mother.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts please.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the thread
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please stop or Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from including ableist insults in your posts.  It doesn't add to discussion or help your arguments.
Using sexist insults in your post doesn't add anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the sub with that.
Understanding that people with mental disabilities deserve respect is a good quality to develop.
Mental retardation is a serious medical condition. I'm sure that's not what you meant to mock with your comment.
I doubt the issue is about political affiliation sexual orientation or nationality. The issue is each individual standard of communication
I certainly support colorful language but that lewd phrase is highly offensive to women and isn't necessary.
It's not alright to use such a disrespectful term just because you can't seem to get someone to understand your point.
Calling someone that doesn\'t mean "stupid
Ret---ed" as used here is hateful may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and so must be avoided here.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retard" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
Both "ret--d" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans queer people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
are all forbidden here.'
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please keep the homophobic slurs out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation of the sub.
Can we not use that word?
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread
Why do you feel the need to attack someone explaining a medical condition.
That isn't nice to say.  Think about how a larger woman would feel if you told her this. Think before you speak
Hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
What are you even trying to say none of your sentences make sense they just make you look angry and hateful.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Just have to change one word and then everything is fine.
homophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Literally all of this is bad the bot is even worse. None of this is ok why would you think it is you wouldn't say this IRL.
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to espouse your racism
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit
Just call them morons really its 2019 now you can handle this.
If she was so terrible a person
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments when posting
Regardless of my opinion on what you said you just cant go that far and use certain words.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please have some respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
You can call her a lot of things but not that.
Using someone's sexuality shouldn't be used for their gaming skills.
Let's watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
As a female I agree that she should be fired if she cannot take constructive criticism . Stop being so sensitive.
There's no need for that kind of language. Be careful.
No way! We have Charlie Angels; leave James Bond to the guys!
Both of you are toeing the line. Let's hold back on the language please.
The flossing dance was done before it even started.
Using a woman's gender to judge her is outright pointless.
I admit that I really am not as nice to fellow women as I am to men. I find talking to men just so much easier.
I understand your frustration but this kind of language is not necessary.
Oh wow... I didn't know this happened. The Feds do not play when it comes to wire fraud. She might get a lot of time.
I dont even understand what you are getting at.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and relishing gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Im sure you have never been drunk and done stupid things.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
No need to refer to her as that Im not sure your mother would appreciate it.
No it is usually referring to women in a derogatory manner.
Don't bring gendered insults into it either
Your comment brought nothing to the conversation.
The level of disgust you're showing for another human being is upsetting.
This type of language is not appropriate and your point can be made without such derogatory words.
Every part of your comment was inappropriate for no reason. You could have easily conveyed your idea without being nasty.
The two of you are being so toxic to each other that there is no possible way for either of you to engage in civil discussion at this point.
Please try not to dicuss women's bodies openly and especially with such disgust.
This type of language has a history of being used in a derogatory manner against women. Please be careful in the words you use!
Why was any of this posted. From video to you three's comments nothing has been even remotely acceptable.
It's unfortunate that you see someone nonwhite and you don't even consider that they could have been cast for talent.
What does age have to do with any of the casting? Do the actors/actresses play their characters well?
Removing the foul language would make your point od view more understood.
Wow it makes me upset to see someone in this day and age still have this thought process about women. No doubt you don't have a wife urself
The entire comment is derrogatory and no one would ever take this seriously.
While it is understandable to be upset at this senator for her hypocritical actions we should try not to feed into what she's saying.
The foul language used needs to be replaced in order for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
I understand your message and what you are saying but
The foul language takes away from your opinion.
Listen guys it should be possible to talk about women you dislike without solely relying on sexist misogynistic remarks.
Speaking about woman in such a derrogatory way shows a serious lack of respect.
Please stop the abusive comments and use kinder words.
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub.
Please take out the deleterious comments and use ones that are more encouraging to others.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts does not help your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please don't use words that are so disrespectful to women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your responses in this thread.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Please take out the comments that are so destructive to women and use more objectivity in your speech to get your point across.
Any insults concerning sex gender or gender identity are unacceptable.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Insults concering an individual's disability are not permitted and are uncalled for.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
There is no need to use inappropriate language to express your opinions.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no need to use language demeaning someone's gender or sex to express your opinion.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
It was totally unnecessary to use hateful language demeaning people with disability in your comment.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Calling someone a name makes one look small and weak.
Learn how to spell 'Youre' before you start throwing shit at others.
Using that kind of language is the lowest form of name calling and makes it seem as if the topic is not comprehended at all by some.
I mean what? This is literally nothing but rage fueled gibberish.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The point of this comment is lost amongst all of the foul language.
There are much nicer words that you can use for people that disagree with you.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using "autistic kid" to label someone\'s intelligence is very unfair towards those with true autism.
Hi Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Pls and Thx
A girl's race does not need to be pointed out to judge her for how she is. You should not judge someone using sexual remarks about them.
Using someone's religion or beliefs shouldn't be used to judge them.
Let's try to avoid foul language in the general chat to avoid distractions.
Please try not to be belligerent.
Let's avoid using curses or words that are likely to be seen as more inflammatory than persuasive.
There's nothing wrong with them wanting a new subreddit.
If we avoid the rough language it might be easier to get our points across/not shut down our audience.
Language like that doesn't exactly portray yourself as any better.
That kind of language doesn't help anyone understand your point of view.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This comment is unnecessarily hateful towards mothers and women and demeans mothers in a harmful way.
Both "ret--ded" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and all hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without it or leave.
Remember that we're trying to uphold a certain standard in our conversation and that talking in derogatory terms only hurts our endeavors.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While it's obvious that this wasn't taken as offensive this could've been handled in a more friendly manner in case that didn't happen.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
It is a miracle a spot was even open. They shouldn't of acted that way.
Name calling really takes away from the point that you are trying to make.
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Having an opinion different from mine doesn't make you them a pedophile but sex with minors is illegal.
Name calling and foul language takes away from the point of the topic and creates pointless arguments.
Using stereotypes speaks volumes about your character.
That's not nice at all. You should apologize.
Using someone's gender and sexuality shouldn't be mentioned just to judge them.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That could really offend someone.  You should do more research about other people's sexuality.
Keeping up with "retards" doesn\'t necessarily make them retarded.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Suggesting that women in general are "useless" and "lazy" is ridiculous and harmful. You are over-generalizing from specific incidents.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
34: suggesting that underclass people are to blame for their poverty because of "bad genes" is ridiculous and encourages eugenicist ideas.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
2: Your characterization of women is ridiculous demeaning and harmful. 3: It is unacceptable to make light of rape in this way.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Well that escalated quickly. Try to keep your heads about you.
What do you think will be accomplished by continuing to associate negativity with the LGBTQ+ community? You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I understand that you're frustrated but this kind of language is uncalled for.
The "C" word is a compliment in Australia. They have an affinity for things down under. Not quite in the USA.
Although your opinion matters calling someone you don't know a cunt is just rude to be rude.
I understand what you're trying to say but this language is not appropriate.
Good thing that\'s not a real charge. "What is she charged with?" "I\'d rather not say your honor." There is a better way to make your point.
Do you believe calling them "retards" will change their view to yours?
You disagree with a group.. so they are bots. Sounds an awful lot like the stereotypes you are accusing that group of to me.
I'm sorry this happened to you but this kind of language is not appropriate.
That shows a huge lack of morals.  And please stop insulting the female genitalia it's not their fault!!! =)
I agree that person was a less then admirable person.. still no need to call her a "cunt".
Using hateful ableist language is not helping your argument or adding anything to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Both of you are wrong. It's not polite to spam messages which no one likes
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything helpful to the sub's discussion
You had valid points until the last sentence. That made me disregard everything you said previously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance to the discussion.
Please do not be so unkind when someone is relating honest questions. Your comment is not welcome here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your response.  It adds nothing to the discussion or your argument.
Not everyone will agree with your vulgar and pointless attack on people because they are different from you.
Using hateful ableist language in your post is not adding to the discussion.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
yes he does sound like an Incel but lets not fuel that by personal attacks.
some women exploit ugly men emotionally like some men exploit ugly women sexually. its not all of either party.
You wrote a decent supporting message really to be ok its jsut one word to change otherwise keep being awesome!
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Retard" and "fagot" are pejorative and hateful word that demean people. It is hurtful and harmful to use them.
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
its offensive to use faggots and retarded they directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and mental disability respectively
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Please restrain from using the abusive language.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Give your comments without the hateful speech please.
This comment\'s use of the word "cunt" seems demeaning and harmful towards women in a misogynistic way.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please stop insulting those with disabilities and use more objective comments.
"Retarded" is a hateful word used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. Using "mentally challenged" in this way too.
using words like cunt and retarded is offensive since its a direct attack based on someone's gender and mental disability
Please use language that is going to state your point without degrading others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities.
You're lowering the level of this discussion by resorting to slurs like that.
The terms "c--t(s)" and "reta--ds" are bigoted terms of ignorance and so do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
You\'re making blanket assumptions about complete strangers but still accusing others of "brainwashing" that\'s awful.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
I understand that you want women to be treated the same as men but siding with violence is not the answer.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
People from California and Sweden can publish whatever they want. If you have opposing opinions you're free to publish something as well.
Using foul languge takes away from the validity of one's point as well as creates pointless arguments.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
If you want your own religion to be respected then you should respect that of others. Also User 2 has no right to infer you are  "r."
Using foul language doesn't make a point any more valid.
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Just because you disagree with Beto doesn't mean you have to feminize his name or imply he's a homosexual.
I think it's best you think twice about what you are saying. You should focus more on yourself.
That's someone's sister or wife or mother. Just because she has a different political ideology doesn't mean you have to debase her
Please use more respectful words when referring to other groups and persons!
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to show your frustration at not being racist towards who you'd like to be racist towards
Woah! Please be respectful in the words you use instead of resorting to derogatory name-calling.
It's not necessary to disparage a whole gender of people because this person made questionable decisions.
Please refrain from using derogatory name-calling which could be offensive to other users.
its inappropriate to use words such as  dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding or show care.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the words like retardation and psycho is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please have discussions with respect to all persons and groups. Using derogatory names is not constructive.
That's extremely racist and rude. You should delete your comment.
I know you aren't meaning to be insulting
Please use appropriate and respectful language when addressing others in the conversation.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Using name calling speaks volumes about your character.
I agree
Your comment is horrendously sexist objectifying women in a harmful way and employing the hateful sexist slur "cunt".
There are more efficient ways to describe someone other than resorting to name calling.
Removing the foul language would make people more receptive to your point of view.
All the name calling shows a lack of character on the name callers behalf.
Please quit being so wounding with your words.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more heard by others.
Please think about how other people feel when you make these hurtful comments.
Name calling is a very childish act.
Please think of the consequences of your words before you speak.
Calling someone a name like that speaks volumes about your character.
Please exclude the unfriendly comments and use ones that are nicer.
Please do away with the damaging remarks to get your point across.
I don't disagree with your point
"Retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. Also not good to throw "autist" around.
Making fun of medical conditions isn't cool. I'm sure you didn't even think about that before you wrote those insensitive comments.
Not sure what's going on this conversation but this kind of language is not acceptable.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
That's not even remotely funny. Making fun of mentally challenged people isn't a joke.
Let's watch the language please. This is inappropriate.
Speaking so derrogatorily about someone makes you look like a small individual.
You could say you disapprove without mocking a serious medical condition.
I understand you're frustrated but you need to watch your language.
Using foul language doesn't get your point heard any more than not using foul language.
This thread is actually funny minus the name calling in the beginning!
This is a lot of back and forth banter for a topic that could be interesting if you stayed focused!
Not sure what's going on here but please watch your language.
All the foul language and name calling and none of it has anything to do with the topic.
Wow! He said thanks. The hostility is totally uncalled for!
Does using that inflammatory word make you feel better? You just demeaned a group of people that include your mother
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The preferred vernacular is "differently-abled" or "challenged". Don\'t be a brute
Your language and tone are demeaning and harmful towards lesbian women.
Why would women wanna be gay when they could be with someone as open-minded as you?
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Your usage of that pejorative is not necessary. You only intend to enflame with this language.
You are using the word "cunt" to specifically demean women which is a sexist slur against women and unacceptable.
You are aware that you are demeaning a group of people that includes your mother? Use new words. Do it for mommy
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
If you're a fat person too then you should understand why it's appealing to want an easy out.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'bitch cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Being rude like this isn't a good look.
This comment is evidently misogynistic using hateful slurs against women.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
There's no reason to escalate to calling her that.
Using this kind of language doesn't add anything to the conversation.
"Fag" and "retard" are hateful words that are used to demean gay people and people with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory and xenophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I think you will find that many people with mental handicaps are actively striving for self determination within a capitalist society.
Your usage of gendered terminology will likely get your opinion ignored and blocked by the people who's minds you are trying to change.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin
The use of antiquated and imprecise language is really holding back your arguments.
hey sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The internal workings and decisions of the legal system are quite arcane and have a lot to do with circumstances the public may not know.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings while posting in reddit
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or that describe a person with a mental disability are not productive.
"Re---d" "fa--ot" and "carpetmucher" all used here detract from legitimate discussion of gender issues; such hatred must be eliminated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that perpetuate negativity show care.
"The n word" and "k-ke" are terms of hate betray ignorance and should not be used here.
Such an alphabet soup of ignorant hatred and gross insensitivity merely brand the speaker as profoundly ignorant. Please avoid them here.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please use words that are universally accepted and avoid blatant degradation
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please be respectful to other users and groups! Derogatory words and names don't contribute to a meaningful conversation.
Please be mindful of the words you choose. Words that are historically considered derogatory can offend others in a public forum.
Everyone is entitled to their opionion
Using sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words. This rhetoric is offensive and derogatory towards women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Threads couldn't possibly be retarded
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Women have enough issues as it is please don't contribute to sexism.
Choose other words to describe females
There's no reason to use the c-word try broadening your vocabulary.
The way she looks has nothing to do with the content.
Cheaters are awful but there's no reason to bring sexist comments into this.
You are being extremely disrespectful to those suffering from mental illness.
These words can be very hurtful to people who are challenged
I agree
Let's not use the R word it's offensive to other people attack ideas not people.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided.
Hey guys as a gaming reddit we have a lot of kids so let's tone down the language also User 1 stop attacking people.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
Don't use the R word it's offensive to people of different abilities not the people you're trying to make fun of.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
I'm not sure what that is
There's no point saying something that means anything designed to deliberately annoy.
Your slur seems to be demeaning towards both LGBTQ and African-Americans. It is harmful to use the n-word lightly like that as a joke.
I hope that your use of that word doesn't reflect on your relationship with your mother.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
I don't get why people have to refer to women by that word.
All of you would likely know more about how women think if you didn't throw the word cunt around.
Not only the work "c--t" but blatantly misogynistic excreta like "dumb c--t" is hateful and forbidden here.
You could use another word that wasn't offensive to all women.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You're bringing down a reasonable discussion by introducing this kind of language.
Using words like "cunt" and using someone\'s gender doesn\'t makes sense when you try and judge their actions/beliefs.
I think you can both admit this conversation lost all point once you began to use such offensive language.
Using someone's sexuality to judge them is pointless especially when the judging is for no reason at all.
This is incredibly disrespectful to two women who are world class athletes.
Retard" and "retarded" are words that demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences not casual insults.
You're depersonalizing these people by using that kind of terminology which makes you less sensitive to them being hurt.
Please end the harassment of others by changing your hurtful language.
Replacing the foul language with better words will allow people to better understand your opinion.
Please discard the hurtful words that are damaging to others.
The use of foul language makes the comments unreadable to most people.
Please end the comments that are hostile and use kinder explanations.
How you feel about how a person is acting doesn't give you the right to refer to them in a hateful manner. Please refrain
Describing someone using such a derrogatory term speaks volumes about your character.
Even if you don't like the attitudes of people please use words that are more respectful.
hey there racist and sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Stop using racist insults.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using gender based insults.
You aren't helping your argument when you use sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  Please refrain from it in the future.
The type of language you use is not appropriate and is derogatory.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please use other language to make your point without using derogatory names and phrases.
The use of foul language makes it hard to understand what someone is trying to say.
I agree with your opinion but I prefer to use the term stupid.
The foul language used would be better substituted for a more appropriate verbiage.
Dogs are not the brightest animals but I do not think using that word to describe them is appropriate.
The foul language takes away from the   validity of the point that is being made.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or demeans a person's gender identity is not productive in conversion.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
The woman in question was practicing free speech and expression
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thx
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
A word is more than its shock value
Hey Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. Thank you
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans other people.
All of the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character.
You are unfairly blaming societal problems on groups of people who you have chosen as scapegoats but who also suffer from the same problems
Name calling shows the kind of person you are.
First of all it's patently false that immigrants are unintelligent. Also you should be more sensitive to developmental differences.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I think you are factually incorrect here engaging in hyperbole that is meant to vilify women.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and its embedding is misogynistic rants  are each offensive and should be avoided
"Gay men...deserve to be killed" is blatant hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's so racist and sad. You should think more before you type.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is never clever; it is offensive and should be avoided
This whole conversation is absurd
Twice in your response you used gender based hate speech. This kind of speech does not help you make your point. Please avoid doing so.
I don't think using words that demean a peron's gender are productive in conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
She did apologize and she is a student. Hopefully it's a lesson taught and brought into adulthood.
Not sure why you think its necessary to attack someone over gender which has nothing to do with the story.
My ex told me that he hated not being circumcised and that it causes infection if not cleaned twice a day.
Demeaning people with disabilities while expressing your opinion on circumcision is totally unwarranted.
He is just trying to say that is what he finds attractive but at no times does it mean hate or racism. I have to agree.
Your use of outdated and insulting terms is unwarranted in this thread.
I might want to see this movie. It actually looks pretty good.
You can disagree with someone without using offensive/demeaning language.
I don't think only women caused this issue. I am in my 30s and bought 2 homes already and own a business.
Totally unwarranted to refer to older individuals in that manner.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
cunt" is sexist.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are hateful and bigoted terms. Their use here is unnecessary and offensive to many.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
If someone wants to act out or break the law they get arrested regardless if their a woman.
Some feminist get out of hand with the extreme ideology but not all.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I am still sitting here shocked NYC had a parking spot open.
Hey there Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The stats do say history repeats itself. My mom was abused by her 1st husband and then I went on to go through the same.
R---rds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I think it's a good concept to be able to change the gender to what you prefer no harm done.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thank you
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please be respectful to all races ethnicities religions and genders. Conversations are more constructive when we avoid derogatory names.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using derogatory and offensive names when referring to fellow users.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please use more universally accepted words when referring to other people.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Woah! Please use words that are universally accepted. It is easier to have a conversation without resorting to degrading or derogatory words
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please be respectful in the words you choose! Opinions can be expressed in a way that doesn't use derogatory names as a crutch.
Using sexist insults in your post isn't adding anything to your argument or contributing to the topic.  Please refrain from it in the future
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Please refrain from using sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the discussion with that.
Racist  and sexist comments are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting.
Using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of substance to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from it in the future
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to the conversation in this thread.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please be considerate of others and their feelings
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments you aren't adding anything helpful to the conversation of the sub
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist insults in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything to the debate in this sub.
Retard" is an unacceptable slur used to demean people with learning disabilities/differences. "Islamic savagery" is extremely Islamophobic.
The hateful use of "ret--ds" and "retar--d"as well as bigoted speech directed at jews (whether called "juice" or not) are not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist rhetoric in your posts.  It doesn't help your arguments or contribute anything valid to the sub
Retard" and "faggot" are unacceptable hateful slurs that demean people and are harmful in that way.
"Ret--ded" and "Fag--ts
Using hateful ableist and homophobic rhetoric doesn't add anything productive to this debate.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation of the sub. Please refrain.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Plenty of guys get away with worse! Don't be so quick to play the sexism angle.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Making fun of mental illness isn't cool at all.
A conversation about car tastes does not need to turn into this dudes.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Using that choice of insult is inappropriate. It mocks those with a serious medical issue.
Just gotta change one word.
That's not a very mature comment and adds nothing to the discussion.
Should just say nothing then.
What someone wears does not determine if they deserve to be harassed or assaulted.
You know that's a really rude way of speaking to others. You should apologize.
Hey there you should really think about who you could offend before making a post like this.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported to admin
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue you will be reported
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please be respectful of woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to your debate.
Using words that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or that describe a person with a mental disability promote productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Using sexist language doesn't help your argument or add anything of substance to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
While it was wrong it is hard for us to know the story and so we can't judge or call names.
91% of rape victims in the US are female and 9% are male. It's a tragedy no matter who is affected but women are disproportionally at risk.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
This language is anti-black and belittling to women.
words like retard and faggot are offensive as they directly attack one based on mental disability and sexual orientation
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You aren't really helping your point of view by throwing those kinds of insults at someone when trying to defend someone else.
Wow not cool. Lots of bad words in there. Be more considerate you probably offended someone!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
That is so wrong. I am a female and this is what gives us a bad name. She deserves some kind of punishment.
"Fa-ots" and the "n word" offend many add nothing to intelligent debate. and so must be avoided in this forum.
That is terrible thing to say. My grandma never said that at all.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I never understood why ladies thought it was ok to act up on Cinco de Mayo.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I am not a big Ginsburg fan but I hope she is ok. I don't hate on anyone.
Anyone who has "gay friends" should know how many people the  term "fa--ot" offends. Such displayed ignorance detracts from any real point.
I never heard of that term but it's not really nice.
User 17 makes an articulate point but if you have an opposing opinion you can do so without calling him the "r" word.
You can be patriotic about America without calling the other party the "r" word.
This type of language is offensive and derogatory. Please refrain from such language.
Even if the movie was that horrible using the "r" word (both of them) so casually is out of line.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It could be more of a behavioral problem rather than a handicap.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That is a little harsh for a differing opinion. I think we should try to keep this civil.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You could try to take on some more advanced material. If you aren't challenged you won't grow or feel like you have earned success.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Your points can be easily made without using derogatory names.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Hey now that is not appropriate language for this site.
Hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Avoid using that vulgar word on this site.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please do not use a term of sexuality in a hateful manner.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on this site.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
The word "retarded" is outdated and ignorant. I\'m sure you can come up with a better insult.
You can disagree with liberal views without calling them the "r" word.
I encourage you to get creative and think of ways to avoid using "retard".
The word "cunt" is a gendered slur. You can express your opinion without being hurtful.
I understand that this is a frustrating issue but there is no need for gendered slurs.
Her gender has nothing to do with the officer not deciding to handcuff her it was the officer's decision.
Settle down the speech please to words that aren't so revolting to others.
There is no need for gendered slurs dude.
Don't insult the lady she just didn't understand it was a teaser.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  They don't add anything to the discussion in the sub.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument and contributes nothing to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It doesn't help your argument and adds nothing to the sub.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Hey there are a lot of people that I love would be hurt by you using this word.
I don't know why you would talk so cavalierly about serious violence against women.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
This exchange is full of hate: "b--ch" "hoe" "the n word" misogyny hatred for Jews and Muslims--such uncivilized puerility must stop.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Both using "c--t" and ill-considered racial stereotyping offends most people communicates only ignorance and is not welcome here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Retr--d" "b--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and target people on the basis of sex or mental health; the terms are forbidden here.
Please expel the demeaning language from your conversation and use gentler words.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please get rid of the derogatory comments towards women and be more respectful with your words.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please avoid the damaging remarks and use a more softhearted tone.
Misogyny hate speech and the vitriolic use of the term "c--t" are not permitted in this forum.
Please use care with your words in expressing your opinions about elders.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
You can have a certain opinion on PC terms and express it without using the "R" word.
You dont have to use a metally dimished person in your example.
Those women were in the wrong but there's no need to use the C word.
You really dont need to use that language to express your feeling.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can disagree with the way Mozilla is being conducted without using the "r" word.
I know you can think of a better word to classify them instead of making yourself seem incompetent.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You made such a good argurement then had to bring up the r word and totally kill my opinion of you.
You can disagree with User 6 without calling him the "f" word.
Surely you can find a better way to rebute someone than calling them that.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While I agree that religion should be approached with skepticism there is little to no correlation between belief and intelligence.
I believe that they prefer to be called country people.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
While I like your point the derogatory term is a bit excessive maybe in the future call them food warriors.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
I would have called them obstructionists personally but I'm trying to avoid swearing and using other dodgy language.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your post.  They don't enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please be respectful in the words you choose. It can be hurtful to others.
Please stop using homophobic slurs in your posts.  They are adding absolutely nothing to the sub's conversation.
Both using "fa--ot" and racial bigotry are hate speech and so forbidden in this forum.
The words you've used are historically sensitive and considered very offensive. Please be careful with the words you choose!
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive and can be replaced with more universally accepted terms.
Misogynism and use of the words "b--ch" and "c--t" have no place here; all must be avoided.
Please use more universally accepted words that do not target groups in a degrading manner!
Using hateful ableist language in your post doesn't add any credence to your argument nor does it benefit the discussion of the sub.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
He's right you should be embarrassed by your choice of words. Homophobic slurs have no place in this thread.
xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
using the word 'nigger' is a direct attack to someone based on their race and its advisable that you refrain from using it
This was a respectable argument until the racial and anti-female slurs started flying.
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in reddit
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
Your name calling isn't necessary. A simple request for a video would be adequate.
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful to people and should not be used. Please refrain from using these types of comments.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Lie or not using that word is highly offensive and actually mocks a medical condition.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
