I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their ethnic background.
Language people. You can express your ire respectfully and we insist that you do so. Thank you.
Stop using mental impairments for insults on posts
Avert from using mental impairments as a way to insult users.
It's not right for anyone of any gender to be hurting the opposite gender
We ask that you refrain from using such terms to express your opinions of others intelligence. Your cooperation is appreciated.
Please stop using harmful words pertaining to a disability to insult cultures.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
Reddit is for everyone people we ask that you refrain from such hateful terms. Just a heads up thank you for your understanding.
Do not use a disability to voice your opinions.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using ableist slurs to imply low intelligence is harmful to people who have a mental disorder
I can tell you aren't meaning to be offensive
Please refrain from using hateful sexist in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread or the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
Women have made just as many accomplishments as men and men did not build everything that's inaccurate
Women boast way more accomplishments than you are giving credit for the point is so that those accoplishments don't get swept under the rug
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub
The wage gap is still present so that's inaccurate and using ableist words harms people with a mental disability
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Everyone is trying to make a buck and some people do it in crappy ways.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using cunt as an insult to women is hate speech. Do not do that here.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Its inappropriate to use that attack one based on their race and nationality such as 'dumb fucking hillbilly white people'.
Insulting someone because of their race is hate speech. Do not use that speech here.
Accusing someone of mental disability is offensive to them and people who really have mental disabilities.
You shouldn't be attacking people of a different religion.
Using a term like this is an attack on women. You should use a more logical response if you disagree with them.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
If you think someone made a mistake you do not need to attack people with mental disabilities.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
hey i know you just tossed it out there so why dont we think before using the 'r' word.
Please do not use racist and ableist language.
Using "brown" and putting things in quotes does not make an insult any easier to take or any less real.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
words like fag faggot fagbot and faggy are inappropriate as they attack one based on their sexual orientation. Refrain from such words.
Many people would find that language to be offensive and it shouldn't be tolerated.
Please don't use hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in any productive manner.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add anything of value to the thread
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retarded) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
There is no need to be rude by being childish. Words have consequences and be careful about offending others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
discourage users from using misogynistic slurs
I am sure you don't mean to mock a serious medical condition
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I totally get your point
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion in this thread.
This whole post is so full of racial slurs that it's hard to read through.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
start a non-judgmental discussion about white and black men and the perceived judgments each one faces
These crude insults make everyone look bad. Treat each other with civility and you will maybe find a compromise
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I think that unusual or strange would be a better descriptor.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You are being very aggressive and hyperbolic with that language. You are putting words into peoples mouths and it is unsettling.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
I know it is a meme but I think a more precise well thought out argument would be more appropriate.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This situation seems really tragic and I think it is terrible but someone of any sex could be so awful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
opinions can be expressed without the use of profanity
are gratuitously offensive and banned here.'
politically correct comments should not be used derogatorily
No the correct term is in fact disabled. The one you presented is an ableist slur
oppositions can be made clear without the use of profanity or slander
You can't have equality for only one group by definition so that doesn't make sense
Saying that the nazis were right is a pretty bold and inaccurate move. I don't feel like anyone committing genocide has the right idea
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
comment without profanity and slander
Women actually make up a huge percentage of the gaming community so it's actually a smart move regardless of ableism implying bad ideas
Just because someone is a different race or religion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
When you use those sorts of slurs your argument is immediately invalidated.
Please do not use racist slurs on this website.
Your perspective is tainted by that sort of language.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please do not use language that is offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
i have to doubt the rest of your position when you just use the 'r' word to mean anything.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Be mindful of harsh language. Not everyone cusses or belittles people with intelligence issues.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Watch the cussing and how you refer to people. Using cuss words all the time and referring to people as slang words is not necessary.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word that demeans people based on intelligence is not accepted in the real word and can get you in more trouble than it's worth.
you have such a well thought position and then ruin it for me by using the 'r' word without thinking. you can do better.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Using words that are demeaning and cussing unnecessary amounts is offensive to people and does not help advance the topic.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use gender based insults.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please don't use medical conditions or sexual choices as an insult.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
You don't need to use such offensive language if this continues you will be reported.
Use of the c-word  and n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women and others.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and banned.
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the slur here is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults gays.
If you do not quit using such offensive language you will be reported and possibly banned from our site
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
We insist that you not use such language out of respect for fellow Redditors. Final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
in calling everyone a bunch of retards you are acting offensively and inappropriately towards them
We respect all perspectives on Reddit but must insist you review our user policie regarding hate speech. Final warning. Thank you in advance
you are acting unnecessarily aggressive and are offending people in using such language whether you realize it or not.
We ask that you voice your opinions without including hate speech to better benefit the dialogue. First warning. Thank you.
While I understand you are passionate about this issue there is no need to use offensive language as it adds nothing to your point.
Using hate words speaks volumes about ones character.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Using foul language shows a lack of good vocabulary.
Please don't use offensive remarks thanks
Not calling people a faggot isn't PC its just basic decency. Using that word isn't a way to win anyone's respect.
Using foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I assume it was because she felt she needed it or from a random impulse rather than mental deficiency.
There is no reason to name call someone just because you disagree with what they are saying.
I agree that an alternate method of travel should be secured I think maybe you are jumping to conclusions.
Although the criminal does deserve to be punished
Your temper seems to be running a bit high there are likely many non gender related issues for falsel reporting a crime.
why the r word is needed i'll never know. its just someones points
Disagreeing with someone is fine but there is no need to call them names and question there intellect.
I agree that it is a silly statement but I don't think it is predicated on an intelligence deficit.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad  person.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Instead of insulting others you could kindly explain their mistakes to them.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please do not use offensive comments thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using offensive words thank you
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are a bad person.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
please refrain from offensive remarks thank you
I do not agree with the woman committing fraud but we should not call her the c word and hope she is punished with legal charges.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at women.  It's sexist and wrong.
Please do not make offensive remarks towards people thank you.
Men are just as fault as women. Be respectful you do not know everyones stories.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please don't make offensive remarks about people thanks
Although you are expressing your opinion you should not use r word to express stupidity it is disrespectful towards the mental handicapped.
This language is offensive and constitutes hate speech directed at the intellectually disabled and women.  It's derogatory and wrong.
Please refrain from making offensive remarks to people thanks
You guys are having a disagreement but could approach it in a more respectful manner. Try not using disrespectful words and be more mature.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
did that really make a point about anything? can you tell me why?
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
The whole subject is more nuanced than can be explained here. Ireland's GDP and regional performance has nothing to do with me
hey guys that hasnt added to anyones argument at all. lumping people together like that could be seen as dense.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Some people can't be trusted to tell the truth
1this just makes me think that you really dont think. using a real thought can make people who matter more apt to listen to you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Woah! Please be careful with the words you choose. These words are considered derogatory and offensive. Thank you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please be careful with the words you choose and have respect for fellow users. Instead you can opt for a more universally accepted word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and or sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using these types of words which are commonly considered to be derogatory and offensive. Thank you for understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
There is no need to be hateful even jokes can be seriously offensive.
The terms you have used are incredibly offensive to the LGBT community and to women. You need to use words that are less harmful.
Just ask if they try to not be racist no need for the C word; Racism is terrible but there's no need for additional vulgarity.
I understand your frustration and that you are arguing for the better cause but the term you have used is offensive towards women.
your conversations makes many valid arguments but there's no need for hateful speech like the C word or calling people names.
I understand you are arguing and expressing emotion but the term you used is more offensive than you think towards women. Use kinder words!
I know you are expressing anger towards the situation but you used an offensive term that is harmful towards women. Be more careful!
Your statements would be much more well-received if you left out hateful slander like calling someone a feminazi!
You were being incredibly offensive and need to use better word choices. You insulted women jews people of color and the disabled.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You're point would be taken better if you did not use that word.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
we dont have to agree on this to each their own.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Everyone has a differnet perspective let's change subject.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
everyone has their vices don't waste more time on it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
i understand why this upsets you but it's not worth getting stressed over.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Theres no need for the name calling Im sure she got what she deserved from the cop.
n/a
You didnt have to turn this conversation into these dumb words.
n/a
You may be right but you didnt have to bring that word in.
Im sure your mother wouldnt agree with that language.
n/a
It's not going to make you feel better to use gendered insults.
I wonder what is going to take place after Sessions. I mean if anything will really change.
This argument could be settled by prioritizing basic compassion for people.
I agree it's disgusting that anyone would leave this lady to be harmed. We need more compassion in this world.
I cant wait to see this Marvel film! I love them all!
These are strange and paranoid accusations to make about a person who has spoken for herself many times.
Feminist gets a bad name and I'm a woman. Malala is a wonderful example of one getting something done.
Hey using this kind of language is insulting to people who don't hurt you.
I don't think the workers of the TSA have any control over that. And the comment sounds directed to them.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your argument if you did not use that kind of language.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The pejorative use of "fa--ot" is offensive and must be avoided here.
There are much better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
The foul language and name calling leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults women.
Racist language and sexist language is not allowed.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable in our discourse as it demeans and insults people with mental disabilities.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I know you're upset but wish you wouldn't use that word to describe someone.
Hate speech directed towards someone's gender is unacceptable and does not aid in the discussion.
Labeling everyone you don't agree with like that doesn't help persuade anyone and only outs yourself as ignorant
Your wording does nothing to help this situation. It's fine if we have different views but I wish you were respectful.
Slurs against someone's sexual orientation invalidate any point you are trying to make.
Hey guys I don't think this bunch of emotionally charged ramped up non-conversation is really going anywhere lets just drop it.
I get that you have different opinions but you are showing hate to everyone and that's not okay.
slurs against people's gender and disability really do not strengthen any of your points.
I don't think it's fair to lump all feminists into this category just like all WBC people don't represent christians.
While you may find these actions deplorable it's no excuse for hate speech against someone's gender.
Yeah she was bad but we should call the person out for the behavior not attribute it to their sex
There are much better ways to make a point than to liken a group you don't like to the disabled.
Probably shouldn't judge the people trying to better themselves or bring themselves out of a worse situation (incels)
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less than yours.
Using a derogatory term against someone you dislike puts down those with mental disabilities.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok. Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Avoid using impolite terms regarding a persons mental impairment.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Do not use that racial terms when talking about a culture.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Wow please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a female.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
You both throw around the word retard like it doesn't offend people. Think twice next time.
The name calling and foul language only leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
Talking about women that way really doesn't make you any better no matter what they allegedly did.
Calling women names like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point anymore valid.
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
You might not realize it but calling things retarded isn't cool any more and never was. Try expanding your vocabulary.
Foul language makes others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
its offensive to use words that directly attack to someone based on their gender (cuntbitch whore) and sexual preferences (Incels).
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Mocking people is definitely not the way to make friends.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation.
Easy there tiger!
Please refrain from using hateful ableist speech in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
Just because you disagree with something doesn't mean you should make fun of people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Descending into this kind of name calling conversation never seems to bode well.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance the discussion in this thread.
Hating an entire group of people based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
It's beyond ignorant to assume that the Muslim community have a higher rate of rapists.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thanks
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about yourself or others.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when speaking about others.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Please refrain from using racist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Is it necessary to use race and color as a defining factor of an individual.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything of value to the conversation here.
Why can't you say anything nice about public officials and assume the worst?
Using hateful ableist language isn't adding anything of value to your argument or this sub.  Please refrain in the future.
He was just telling a nice story. Why do you have to insult him and call him stupid?
Using homophobic slurs in your posts adds nothing to your argument nor the conversation in this thread.  Please refrain in the future.
Why are you all hateful towards everyone? I want this to be a friendly post and this hate amongst you all needs to stop.
It's hard to understand your point when you use a word like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's hard to listen to your perspective when you use words like those.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use language like that it reflects poorly on your character.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd be much more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
Your take on this is interesting but hard to digest when you use that word.
'bitchy' just call them bitchy.
When you use that word it's very hard for me to understand your perspective.
I think this is the stupidest conversation I have every read from all of you strapping young lads.
When you use that sort of language it immediately invalidates your argument.
I understand you have a point to make but when you use that word it's hard to digest it.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Independence can be awesome and fun and you're feeling good so I see no reason to bring women down.
I am sorry you feel that way. Marriage can be beautiful if you both work at it together. Don't let little things bother you.
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
In today's world you need to be very careful with hate groups. I never understood why their so autonomous if they believe their cause.
I am sympathetic to your anger
If you ram into a cop car and actual violent then you will get tazed regardless if you're a man or woman. This wasn't any kind of pass.
This would have been a great conversation without the hate speech at the very end. Saying gullible SJW's kind of gets the point across eh?
Very strong statements you all are making. Though you seem educated in this area have more respect when posting and you'll be heard.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Such inflammatory statements should not be used so lightly. This is already a charged enough debate without being awful.
Women do deserve respect even when they act of emotionally. Remember we all have a mother and grandmother.
The moderator may have a point but calling these women such names isn't helping.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'white trash' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or ethnicity in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates ethnicity and/or national origin in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm real tired of the disrespect Americans give our president. I don't like all his ideas or acts but he's our leader. Respect or leave.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
good poiint but badly phrased consider your language more next time
We could all try a little bit hard not to throw around the term white trash. It is degrading and you really don't know each other.
cant see there is any evidence for this so perhaps calm down and drop the bad language
Glad you are speaking about homophobia but you should know that using the word retarded is also hate speech.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
just no need for that at all. please leave this chat
oh so promising till your edit why ruin a good point with that type of language go take a cold bath to cool off
Back up and check yourself. Calling people retards is not cool and it makes you sound immature.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
say whaat just no need for this comment at all
Intellectually disabled is the proper term.
I agree it's probably not true. People say these things to get attention. Be careful with the IRS though because they always find out.
Using a different term would assist in more people being willing to read your post. Try something useful next time please.
Yes the Republicans did. It will make sense if you read through it all again I'm sure.
Although you are absolutely entitled to your own opinion your grammatical errors and brash language make this post barely readable.
Kavanaugh was given a rough deal. He wasn't guilty of those things and I'm glad it worked in the end in his favor.
It sounds like you just don't like foreign women. This post would have had more hold if it wasn't so poorly written.
Pushing and kicking women who hold open the doors sounds awful. Just tell the security or whoever is working about it.
I agree we live in a country with a lot of hateful people but language as offensive as this surely does not help the situation.
Nobody should be treated this way. We all need more love in this world. Too much hate is surely going around.
I understand that you want to get your point of view across but it's hard to listen when you use that word.
This thread is closed. Refrain from using such terms in the future. Final warning. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
It's hard to see your side of things when you use that word.
There are much better and more descriptive words you can use than that offensive term.
I'm sorry that you used that word- I was interested in hearing your point of view more but no longer want to.
We insist you refrain from using said term when commenting. Please review our user policies. Reddit is for everyone after all.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
There is no use for using that vulgar term to talk about a person.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Nobody should ever promote someone else to assault people. I don't want to be assaulted and I doubt they do either.
Do not use a mental disability as a way to insult a political side.
That was a weird customer choice
Do not post sexually vulgar terms referring to female genitalia.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That doesn't sound very fun. Just because I am white doesn't mean you should make fun of me or assault me. I think that's called racist.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Never go full hate speech people. Reddit is for everyone thanks and have a wonderful day.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
You're account is being temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing our bans. Please review our code of conduct policy. Ty
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Hate speech is not allowed people. We can express ourselves more respectfully and insist that you do so. Thank you.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Persons with disabilities people have respect. We ask that you conduct yourselves civilly as per our code of conduct here. Thank you all.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion as a whole.
Incel is not an insult
We ask that you be respectful in your dissent and avoid hate speech. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
You need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
There's no need to use hateful language. We can convey the same message without using degrading words.
Not sure what's going on here but you need to watch your language. Thanks.
We can say the same thing.without using degrading language.
The word 'feminazi' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on gender and ideas.
This language is toeing the line. Please settle down.
There is no reason to equate rape victims to nazis.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Let's watch the language please. I understand you're quoting something but you don't have to use that word.
You do not need to use racial slurs.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
This is racism AND offensive. Watch the language you two.
Hateful language and racial slurs aren't necessary.
Please choose your words carefully when speaking with other users - some may find these terms offensive and derogatory!
I haven't heard about Sinead O'Connor since the early 90's. I wonder if she still sings.
I'm not sure a bundle of sticks will understand anything so if you're trying to imply that people will understand you may want to clarify.
Woah! Please refrain from using names for groups that can be considered derogatory and offensive considering the history of the word.
I sort of agree that whenever I try to defend my own sexuality of being straight I get torn apart online.
Please be careful with the words you use! They can be considered derogatory and offensive. Please stick to more universally accepted words.
Well this has gotten off track. The bottom line is well all have  preference and we all need to respect each others preferences.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please  refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion as a whole
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in the thread.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or add to the thread
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation of the sub as a whole
as this is ableist speech.'
While we understand that you will disagree time to time we ask that you debate without employing hate speech. Thank you
This thread is being closed. Refrain from such language in the future. This is your only and final warning. Thank you.
Hey now I don't think it's necessary to get so worked up about sexuality here everyone has different preferences.
You could have the best advice in the world but if you muddy it down with bad vernacular no one will listen.
as that is hate speech and not allowed.'
Come on people persons with disabilities refrain from hate speech. Continued usage will result in bans. Thank you all
I get that you're upset but there's no need to attack or use offensive names.
I am sorry that you feel my reply was invalid. I do not appreciate the name calling in return. We are allowed different opinions.
Using foul language and name calling doesn't make your point more valid.
I am sorry about your experience. Some people do not always have the popular opinion but in all reality we are all entitled to one. Cheers.
I get what you are saying but please don't use that term to define people. It can be offensive and takes away from the message.
The foul language used shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Regardless of the gender of the person involved a law is a law. Sometimes people react inappropriately and it has consequences.
There was no reason to add that name calling. Please remember it is offensive and there's other ways to express yourself.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Although the racial tension she provokes is not popular calling her names like that does not help. Be the change.
There's no need to start name calling just because people disagree.
Putting others down speaks volumes about one's character.
Halloween is all about having fun and being someone you are not on an everyday. Let's have fun and celebrate not hate.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
using retarded as an insult qualifies as hate speech please refrain from using it
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using cunt as an insult for a woman is hate speech. Do not say that here.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) and gender (bitch). Refrain from such words.
Using retards to insult someone is hate speech. Do not use it.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to comment on story.
Hey now do not type that term when voicing your opinions on an issue.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful language about women in your post.
Ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
It's hard to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thank you
It's very hard to want to understand your perspective when you use that sort of language.
hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you did not use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
"Trumptard
"f-g
and the deranged hate speech surrounding them
It's very difficult to continue this conversation with you when you use that sort of language.
Hey There derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please don\'t use the word "retarded" here. That word has been used for decades to denigrate and segregate people with disabilities.
Theres no need to bring the mentally diminished into this.
Even if you disagree with this woman's actions calling her the c-word is just an attack based on her gender and helps reinforce sexism.
The court did their job without calling her such.
Using "cunt" as an insult just insults womanhood -- it reinforces the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable.
Im not sure your mother would appreciate your language.
Using "cunt" as an insult relies on the sexist idea that being a woman is inferior bad undesirable and reinforces sexism.
IM pretty sure they didnt need your two cents added.
Don't insult people over their sexual choices.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey there Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting. Thank you
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The reflexive and gratuitous use of "fa--ot" here is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and hateful and so should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
While we appreciate your stance we ask that you please respect persons with disabilities. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on gender are not ok
We recognize your right to your opinions but ask that you refrain from derogatory and sexist insults. Thank you for your understanding.
Insults based on disability are not ok
We acknowledge your right to your opinion and it's expression but insist that you not use derogatory terms for people with disabilities. Ty.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Use of that term is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning and please review our user policies and code of conduct. Ty.
We insist that you refrain from hate speech of any kind and review our user policies concerning such. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a final warning. Thank you for your cooperation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just say stupid woman. I understand this is a horrible deal
Such terminology is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning.
Using a derogatory term against someone is putting down the people with actual mental disabilities.
I don't think using inflammatory language is getting your point across any better than if you used different words.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to help anything.
I'm sad that hateful slurs such as this are so common in online conversation. Perhaps you could make an effort to change.
Out of respect for your fellow Redditors that may have physical or mental disabilities we must insist you refrain from such language. Ty
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean that they are less intelligent than you.
Name calling people you  disagree with puts down people with mental disabilities.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
I would avoid using that word to describes someones family member
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
while the rest are spirited
Comments do not add anything to discussion besides being insulting
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability or that refer to a certain gender's parts belong in careful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
gosh
Try to avoid using slurs against women even on parody
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
People are too serious. Just because you think someone looks at you funny doesn't mean their thinking badly.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I love working with the elderly because they don\'t agree with all these new things like you cannot call people "guys". Come on.
It must be a pain that not everyone is on the same page. At least their making a lot of money though.
Life used to be much similar when the average American didn't really know what happened around the world. Like in the 90's.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Now the entire world is too sensitive. Everyone has some sort of accent to someone else across the world. We all joke about each other.
Disparaging someone because of a gender is not ok.
Please try not to think about women in these terms.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or sexual orientation is not ok.
I don't understand why this is the go-to insult for someone you don't like.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
A simple degree of research will tell you that this is not true.
Wow these are some lucky ladies. My husband takes care of me too but I don't complain like this.
Using language like that to describe women shows a lack of respect.
Twitter has this new policy but it's getting out of control. I hear their banning people from the first offense.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
There are better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
I am remarried and this time it's a better arrangement. So don't think because the first was bad that they're all bad.
There are better words that can be used instead of the foul language.
She got sentenced to death so I don't see what the judge did that was bad.
Name calling is childish way to describe someone.
Using retarded to insult something is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Insults based on sexual orientation are not ok
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that word.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but it's very hard to when you use those words.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Using that word really hinders your argument.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Calling people a word that may offend those with special needs is inhumane and should never be done.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans a gender does not advance the topic at hand.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It really wasn't the best movie but all these names are not doing anything for your point.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The phrase "filthy c--t" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
No wonder people make anti-white statements when you act this way. Maybe lookin in the mirror before calling others names. Let's get along.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I was enjoying your reply until you had to throw in the word "retarded". Sounds like you are still a pre-teen using that language.
Try another insult that doesn't disparage the disable and I might agree with you.
Using "Ret--dation" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You almost sounded smart until you used the word "retardation". What a weak way to try and make a come back.
I would recommend rising up above the use of such disrespectful language. Just because you're angry with someone doesn't justify such words.
Both mentioning the "N word" and using "c--t" pejoratively are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
You are all clearly shining examples of men who need help. No offense but you sound like immature people that need to grow up.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Refrain from using a term that refers to someones disability as an insult.
Please take the unhealthy words out of your speech and say nicer things.
Woah you can post on here without using that vulgar term.
Eliminate the damaging speech please and stick to your point.
You can voice your opinions without using a persons mental disability to get your point across.
Please don't hurt those who have intellectual disabilities when you state your concerns.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexuality to insult others.
Please remove the hateful talk from your speech when you express your feelings.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Cops need to be professional and citizens need to be respectful. Then these things won't happen.
There is no need for him to get violent with her
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Even if Russia was doing this it didn't change the popular vote. Hilary never had a chance.
Just because you disagree with him doesn't mean you can call him names.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Exactly. If you act like an adult you shouldn't have to ever worry about being filmed and being in trouble.
If she was in the wrong just make sure the proper authoritys handle it. There is no need to call her names
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
All that ranting I still don't get why you're mad at Sony. Try to make a point without the swearing.
Calm down im sure you can find a way to talk about what is upsetting you without resorting to name calling
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I don't appreciate you saying that. We may have differing opinions and we should leave it at that.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't think that you should talk about others like that. It's okay if we disagree. We don't have to have the same opinions.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
I disagree with you and wish that you wouldn't judge people.
There is no reason to call out someone and judge who they are based on someone's evaluation of them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread
Please discontinue making the harmful remarks to others.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion.
Please discuss your concerns without the abusive words.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread
Please use more hospitable language and avoid the trash talk.
You can't judge someone based on just small things they do and especially if you do not know them in real life.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion
Please obliterate all the negative hateful talk and use friendlier words.
Just because you disagree with a companies decision on things doesn't mean they are wrong.
Please take out the disrespectful language and be kinder to others in your speech.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Both the term "c--t" and the gender-based misogynistic hate speech in which it is embedded are not welcome in this forum and so banned.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the term "c---" and hate-fueled misogyny are offensive and must be avoided here.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Praying doesn't make a person gay and that word has been used purely for oppression and attack purposes against the LGBT community
The auto-mod speaks the truth...
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
Travel bans against an entire race is racist. Also environmentalists just want to preserve the planet for future human sustainability.
Every time I see the word "retard
Your argument would be more influential if you didn't use that word.
This sounds like a direct threat to all males. She should be arrested for saying that.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
He was brave trying to invite the side chick to the wedding... But clearly she found out and wasn't having it!
The foul language and name calling takes away from the point of the topic.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
I cannot stand when this happens. I know times change but leave things as they're written in the original.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
I understand your side of this argument but it's hard to agree with when you use that word.
That is good. You cannot go around smacking people because their ideas are different.
The use of foul language shows a lack of vocabulary.
I agree I don't think she deserves the death penalty for doing this during a war. It isn't the same.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
You can better describe these people with different words without retracting from the conversation. In fact it would improve it.
I think you're trying to say that famous people don't go through the same struggle.
There are much better ways to describe things besides resorting to foul language and name calling.
Treat others as you would what to be treated. You would not want someone using the wrong pronoun for you or call you names. Be kind to all.
That word isn't in the dictionary so I cannot define it.
The foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
There is no justification for the use of that word there. You can easily say something else or say nothing at all. You post adds nothing.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Do not respond to hate speech with more hate speech. It only fuels the flames. Be a good example and have rational discussions.
Don't worry I agree with you. I'm a woman who married for love not money. We are not all equal.
The name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Do not claim fact if it is not a fact and you do not have a source to back yourself up. It is better to not contribute than to lie.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Calling someone that is not appropriate. Its an insensitive term for someone's mental disability
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
Calling someone by that term is insensitive and disrepectful to someone's mental disability.
Fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is not appropriate to use as its insensitive to someone's exual orientation.
discourage users from using homosexual slurs
Ret---ation" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families it must be avoided.
That term is insensitive to people with mental disabilities.
Stop the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
That is very inappropriate. Please refrain from using terms with foul language.
Open a dialogue on speech about women and men's anger towards them
I am sympathetic to your anger
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
this is needless generalization meant to inflame arguments
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
not all muslims are terrorists.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
This isn't at all funny and it isn't made more funny by being insulting.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that offensive term.
There are a lot of reasons you can't use that word and you should educate yourself further.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use a word like that.
Please don't look for reasons to dismiss the real pain that people are expressing to you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
I'm sure that you could have thought of a better word to use in this situation.
I'd be more interested in your opinion if you didn't use that word.
That word is unnecessary and insulting. I know many people who are mentally disabled and they're smarter than the people you're describing!
Using hateful ableist language contributes nothing of value to the conversation of the sub.  Please refrain in the future
Don't compare the mentally disabled to people you simply disagree with. A lot of them are smarter than the people you're describing!
Please refrain from the use of sexist and ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything of value to the conversation
Please don't use that word to describe women. I'm a woman and I often agree with you but this word is obscene and unnecessary.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation or the sub.
You are not retarded. A retarded person has a mental disability they have no control over. You are simply an idiot.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
Sounds like those that agree that this is not a "pass" could have used less offensive language if they truly respect women in general.
Stop attacking gender. This is not the day in age to bring in gentrification.
Belittling women and using racist language against different classes of people only makes matters worse.
Intellectually disabled is the proper term these days.
Language that truly speaks to your education level.
Using a slang term that refers to a woman's body is not acceptable.
Great story but you lost me in all the extra profanity.
Belittling people based on intelligence is never acceptable and using words that can offend genders is not accepted. Be politically correct
While you may disagree with the views of others we ask that you refrain from using hate speech during debate. Thank you
Please do not use derogatory language for women or transgender slurs.
Please do not use derogatory religious slurs.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
Please refrain from using such language or you will be banned.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
When you use that word it makes me immediately want to stop conversing with you.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use that word.
Language that attacks another person based off of political belief is not allowed.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your side if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
so many legit things you could say to insult her but instead you insult all the wrong people.
I get your point
lets get away from using that word as catch all for everything stupid can we.
lets dont insult all women when you really are trying for just one.
Please refrain from abusive remarks thanks
We seem to be focusing on the wrong part of the story the deadly bus crash.
You're account has been suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing  a Moderator. Please review our user policies in the meantime.
CBC was wrong though their statement was right. It's ok to be any race
There is no need to get angry insulting or aggressive. You are free to move on from threads you don't like.
We insist that you not use such terms and review our user policies. Such derogatory terms have no place here. First warning. Thank you.
There really isn't any reason to label or criticize an entire group that wasn't even involved in the video.
Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in the future. Thank you.
Ok so back to the fact she had $9.76 million reward and it wasn't enough. I would be happy with just getting child support weekly.
There is no need to resort to personal attacks or blanket statements about women.
This thread has been closed and several of you banned. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Sony and video game developers in general need to stop giving in to this. I believe there's plenty of people willing to buy it as is.
Let's tone down the insults a bit and just discuss the article.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a first warning. We thank you in advance for your cooperation.
please do not use offensive language
maybe if you were less racist people would be more interested in conversing with you
please do not use offensive and racial language
please try to choose your words in a more sensitive manner
please do not use offensive language
you have the right to be upset but your word choice is very insensitive
please do not use offensive or racial language
it seems as though you have some deep seated issues with people of other races lynching an entire race of people for a crime is absurd.
please do not use offensive language
please do not threaten harm to others
I get that you have a point you want to make
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling is a childish way of describing someone.
It's difficult for me to want to listen to your perspective when you use that word.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Foul language like that shows a lack of respect for others.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
The pejorative usage of "bitch" and "c--t" being gender-targeting terms of  hate is not allowed in this forum.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Using "ret--d" pejoratively may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Use of the racially targeting hate-filled "n word" offends many and so does not belong in intelligent commentary
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
This use of "ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided in this forum.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike is making fun of people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Lovecraft wasn't bad but it had some issues with diversity. My issue now is the way you guys are trying to be heard.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or someone's religion is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Child abuse is never okay but let's lead by example. Stop pushing violence against violence.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
My whole thing is if you don't like using than just don't use it. I don't use certain apps and I don't complain about them.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That is actually a funny story. I doubt he used those words to her face. He had more respect not to.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I hope her daughter doesn't either but let's stop calling our beautiful women these negative names.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that attacks someones sexual orientation is not allowed.
I think any valid opinion you may have is invalidated for people when you use words like "faggotry
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Even if she's a bad lady probably shouldn't use such strong words about her or her friends that we know nothing about?
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Physical abuse isn't okay and it doesn't make it okay that it happened to a woman who has sex with people you deem more attractive than you
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Yeah this woman did something wrong but don't make it into a sex issue it's a mental health issue. Son vs daughter doesn't matter
Using a word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning to what you were saying; some men are feminists
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
This term you have used is offensive to women whether you realized it or not. You need to be more careful with the words that you choose!
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The term you have used is offensive to the disabled community even if you didn't mean to offend. You should refrain from using this term!
The offensive word you used adds negative emotion to your content and doesn't influence more valuable discussion.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
The term you have used was not appropriate and can be offensive and harmful to women. You need to consider better word choice!
Using the word 'cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with Asperger's syndrome doesn't add value to the discussion.
Using the word 'spergy' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
The point isn't that she's a woman
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Regardless of how you feel about the verdict it doesn't help your point any to use ableist slurs as an insult to someone's lack of knowledge
Insults based on disability are not ok
Wow bot
Insults based on nationality are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
It's hard to understand your perspective when you use that slur.
That is not appropriate talk on here. Avoid using sexual terms when talking about others.
Do not use vulgar terms when talking about others.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use those slurs.
Do not use hateful terms regarding sexuality in your posts. And do not use a mental disability as an insult.
The foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling and foul languages speaks volumes about one's character.
There is nothing wrong with being gay. Please be respectful to others.
Using foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
There is no tolerance of hate speech here. Remove your posts referring to handicapped individuals in hate context.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hate speech regarding women is not tolerated. Remove your post immediately from this site or you will be banned.
It would better if everyone stopped using that word as a casual derogatory term. It's highly offensive to women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
All comments relating to racism and sexism are prohibited.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I get your argument but watch the language a bit.  That word is offensive to many.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
I was following your argument until you started using offensive words.  That really discredits your argument.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
I understand you're not a native speaker but that word is quite offensive to many.  I'd back off using it.
I hope we can move forward without the slurs and hateful language. Good points can be made without being bad people.
Stop using that sexually vulgar term when referring to the female gender
Refrain from calling females that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the sub's discussion.
You know 'asinine' is a wonderful and under-used word that could be used in place of hurtful language. I have many other suggestions!
You're smart enough to not use hateful language to get your point across.
Please do not use a mental impairment to insult others.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The use of "fa--ots" here as a pejorative is patently offensive and should be eliminated.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling shows one's true character.
The use of "fa--ot" here can be patently offensive to many and so should be eliminated.
Using sexuality as a way to insult something is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
If you want to be taken seriously you need to find a less offensive way to get your point across.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Ignorance does not deserve such a callout and hateful response. Additionally those with mental disabilities take offense at such remarks.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different cultures and customs than you.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
No need to use such a term
Insults based on gender  or sexual orientation are not ok
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Insults based on sexual orientation or disability are not ok
First comment is hatefully homophobic and misguided. "Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability.
"Retard" and the n-word are hateful words that are used to demean people who belong to certain minorities and should not be used.
Insults based on gender are not ok
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean these women on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Using foul language makes people think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Insults based on gender aren't ok.
There are much better ways to describe someone besides resorting to name calling.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of such foul language can make others think you have a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
The use of foul language shows a lack of a good vocabulary.
Language that demeans based on disability or gender is not ok
Use of such terms is not tolerated on Reddit. Please refrain from such hate speech and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your account is temporarily suspended. You can appeal the ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
While I can understand your anger towards this woman; I wouldn't wish rape on her. That is a very hateful thing to hope for someone.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. Reddit is for everyone including Russians. This is your first warning.
It is wrong to generalize an entire nation of people. There will be good people and bad people any where you go.
Please refrain from such terms when expressing your opinion. Your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities would appreciate it.
We insist that you refrain from using said term to refer to persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
There are better ways to be critical of actions you don't agree with most of which do not insult or disrespect those with mental disability
Such hateful language does not contribute to the conversation and only serves to denigrate those you disagree with.
Ironically inquiring if someone is mentally disabled is incredibly disrespectful and offputting to those who struggle with such conditions.
Such hateful language against a woman is uncalled for. There are more constructive ways you can go about criticizing her actions.
Spiritual based.
Calling someone you don't like an anti-female slur isn't cool towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I would be upset
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Wow that is just terrible.
The terms you have used are offensive to both the LGBT community and the disabled community. There are kinder words that can be used here.
I need to know where these women live. Because I buy my own PC's and phones. I love Android!
The term you have used was not necessary and is offensive/harmful to the disabled community. You need to use a better word choice here.
Racism has no place in videogames. If someone doesn't like a character just don't play that one.
You made a thorough comment but used hateful language in it. The term used is very offensive to the disabled community.
I totally understand. I need 2 broken teeth out and it's $700 each where I am so I'm toughing it out.
The term you have used offends the disabled community and is not necessary. There are different words you can use in replacement.
YouTube shouldn't be able to edit my comments without me checking them first. That is how false allegations start.
The term used here is very offensive towards the disabled community; there are better less offensive words that can be used instead.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Why did you bring a word like that into a conversation about children's books?
Rowling is a brilliant writer her anatomy has no bearing on the books
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
It makes me uncomfortable that you're using this as a joke to mock people.
Those who live violently tend to end that way I highly recommend peace.
Given that you're defending her I don't think it helps your argument to use gendered insults.
Stop talking about women like they aren't a part of this conversation. They can stand up for themselves!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I think you have missed the point of this story because of your hatred toward women.
You're just salty because she doesn't give you the time of day. Chill bro!
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
It can't be good for you to make words like that a part of your regular use.
You're* ignorance is showing.  You're* in no position to comment on anyone's behavior.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Language that attacks someones race gender sex disorder or sexual orientation is not allowed.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others and calling them names.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
There are much more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult and attacking others based on their race.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
I know you are joking but it is not funny to use such derogatory language. Please respect others in your community.
Gay people that I know are nice
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
The Mods have their reasons for their compromise. If you have questions you can message them directly instead of calling them names.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you found his comment not to your liking you can politely disagree or ignore it altogether instead of using obscene language.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that you choose your words carefully and review our user policies out of respect for your fellow female Redditors. Thank you.
It's hard to follow your point when you use words like those.
We must insist that you take care to show respect for your fellow female Redditors. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Your analysis of the situation would have been more effective without the use of that word.
We respect your right to voice your opinion but must insist you not use said term ever again. First warning. Thank you in advance.
Your point would be taken more seriously if you chose to use a different word.
We respect everyone's opinion but cannot tolerate use of said term. Please review our user policies. Final warning. Thank you in advance.
It's unfortunate that you chose to use that term I would have liked to hear more from your perspective.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or demeans one gender identity contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their gender or sexual orientation is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to your argument or the debate in this thread
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything productive to the sub
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Disparaging someone because of a genderis not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in the sub.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or reference sex parts do not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation or gender is not ok.
Please refrain from using homophobic and misogynistic insults.  It adds nothing valid to the conversation in this thread.
Stop insulting people due to their gender sexual choices and religious beliefs.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults.
I hope that you realize that using the vulgar words only distracts and takes away from the argument that you're trying to make.
Hey now do not use that vulgar term when insulting others. And do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Please watch it.  That word is extremely offensive to many people in today's society.
Please keep the vulgar sexual terms to yourself and not on these posts when referring to women.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean their opinion is less valid.
I understand your point but your vulgarities are taking away from your point.  If you back off the offensive language people will listen.
Hey don't use mental disabilities as an insult.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using bitch and cunts as insults towards women is hate speech and cannot be done here
These people lead different lifestyles than you. You shouldn't criticize them.
Using faggot as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using retard as an insult is hate speech do not use it here
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Use of such language is disrespectful towards those who are mentally disabled - please be considerate when choosing your words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
The use of such language disrespects those with mental disabilities
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It's not adding anything productive to the discussion in this thread
Mental disability is not something to laugh at and those with disabilities deserve respect
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'd like to continue this discussion with you but I can't if you use language like that.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I'd be more open to hearing your side of this if you didn't use that kind of language.
Unfortunately your response has no merit nor offers any real insight.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
People have different opinions and respond differently to certain things. There is no reason to cuss someone out and say they aren't smart.
Woah! Do not use a persons mental disability to insult each other. There is no place for that here.
Refrain from using mental impairments as a way to insult.
Just because someone posts stuff you do not like doesn't mean you should call them names.
Please stop using crude sexual terms when posting on here.
Just because someone has said something offensive does not give you the right to act like them as well.
Do not use profane sexual terms when posting on here.
its 'must have'
This word is offensive to the disabled.
Racism & disability discrimination are harmful to others and are unacceptable ways of speaking to others. Please refrain from using "retard"
Using the "r" word is offensive to the disabled.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Destroyed these girls
The use of the "c" word is cruel offensive and inappropriate.
The word 'cunt' is highly offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Use of the "c" word is very vulgar and inappropriate. There are plenty of other ways to get your message across.
The word 'cunt' is offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used nor should violence be incited against others.
This language is completely unacceptable. This is your only warning.
The n-word used here is unnecessary and unhelpful.
A denigrating word for women should not be conflated to mean someone who acted in a careless way.
I don't disagree with your statement but please watch the language.
No eleven year could make that decision. This was a case of statutory rape no question.
Watch your language please. This is inappropriate.
While much of this language is offensive this particular comment uses an actual slur against a group of people.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
The new format sounds like a good idea.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
I didn't know Bono did that. If it's true that's awful. We need to help people in crisis and stop making money OFF of them.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I cannot listen to your argument if you keep using slurs like that.
Right. She is saying she worked hard like I have for years to get here. And now women are picked because their women; we don't like it.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using that word really hinders your argument.
In this case I agree as a women I prefer men in command. But if a women is truly qualified over a man than she deserves to lead.
Your point would be more accepted if you found a way to make it without using that language.
The viewers should be the only ones to say if a movie is good or not. I disagree with critics all the time. I say get rid of them.
It's unnecessary to be so vulgar and rude about your opinion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to your argument or the conversation.
This comment was truly disrespectful and very unnecessary. Calling people out their name isn't the way to get your point across
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It isn't contributing anything productive to the sub.
Language that attacks someones sex sexual orientation or disability is not allowed.
No need to insult women with hateful language in your post.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about women to express opinion on post.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
We are mixed and diverse already. Even though people say I'm white
No need to insult people with a disability using hateful language in your post.
There are more appropriate words that should be used to replace the foul language.
If you answer any question with a question
Totally unwarranted to insult people with a disability to express your opinion.
The Pulse Night Club shootings were terrible. I may not be the same as those who died but it doesn't mean they should die.
Comments using hateful language about race or disability are not funny or warranted.
Name calling in such a way speaks volumes about one's character.
Both the term "fa--ot" and puerile and mindlessly-expressed hate speech are banned here.
That sentence was nothing but a string of hateful slurs.
Both the term "c--t" and misogynistic death threats and not allowed in this forum.
I don't agree with what she did but that language is really graphic for a family forum.
Both the term "ret--ded" and ill-considered misogynistic hatred are banned in this forum.
The argument was engaging until this immature comment that mocks a serious condition.
The word "ret--ded" anti-Muslim rants and rampant misogyny are banned in this forum.
You can prove your point without being completely hateful to women.
The opprobrious phrase "ya mangy c--ts"being offensive to many is banned in this forum.
That's a highly offensive word here in America.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the conversation in this thread.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It is adding nothing productive to the thread.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything productive to the conversation.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
So
Your language is offensive. Any further comments will result in your removal from this forum.
What you are saying is very problematic! Nips is very derogatory as is retarded. If you are serious about inclusion you wouldn't say that.
Maybe journalist stop responding because you use hateful speech like "retarded"
The term you have used is offensive and very inappropriate! There are better words you can use in this situation that don't offend others.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The terms used here are incredibly offensive to other women and not just the people involved in the conversation. Be more careful!
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words.
The term used is inappropriate and very offensive to the disabled community. You need to choose your words more carefully!
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
The word you have used is in reference to offensive language towards the disabled and should not be used! Be more careful with your words.
Its inappropriate to use words like incel and cunt as they attack someone directly based on their sexual preferences and gender respectively
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Don't use gender based insults.
Re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
Using mental disability as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using that language drowns out whatever points you're trying to make no matter if they're valid or not!
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation
You guys could probably get your point across better without using the R word. it doesn't make you look good
Please avert from saying inappropriate terms regarding someones disability to insult others.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
Please do not use racial slurs when posting on feeds.
It is 2019.  Surely SURELY you can think of a better word.
It's really terrible that she did that and I don't have much sympathy for her
Wow! Do not use that vulgar sexual term when voicing your opinion.
While I certainly understand the anger behind it please refrain from using this word that has been historically used to describe women.
I understand that her actions were deplorable but you don't need to stoop to her level by using that word.
No matter what the other person does don't stoop to their level by demeaning yourself into a mudslinging contest.
Referring to a person in this manner is not necessary.  Just because his opinions are not yours does not mean he has a problem.
"Retard" and "faggot" are hateful words used to demeans intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and shouldn\'t be used.
This is a very interesting debate it is unfortunate it derailed into trading hateful insults.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
You're mocking a serious medical condition with your choice of words. It isn't cute or funny.
>Uses hate speech to prove hate speech doesn't exist.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
You're literally using hate speech to say hate speech doesn't exist.
You're arguing that people should think before they speak yet calling people anti-female slurs.
Please refrain from using the word "retard" to refer to someone you disagree with. It\'s an offensive term.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
This isn't a competition to see who can use the most offensive insults in a single comment.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is insulting to those with actual mental disabilities.
I doubt you'd use that kind of language about a man you disagreed with.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Fun fact: Using "the n word" on the internet doesn\'t make you sound cool.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone insults their race.
Let's watch the language
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
People identify themselves as how they feel It's 2019. They deserve to have a voice too.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
that word is one of the trashiest words ever it does nothing but trigger anger.
This comment seems to defend using a racial slur against black people which has historically been extremely hateful and harmful.
I disagree that saying hateful things is protected free speech. You aren't free from ridicule from saying those things.
Your point would be better accepted if you didn't use those words.
just because this is conversation about these points does not mean we can keep repeating them.
I understand you want to get your point across but it would be better presented if you didn't use that word.
Actually no person is classified by that definition in any case for any reason any longer.
It's unreasonable to judge and name call a person on one mistake. It's myopic.
When you use that word it severely cheapens your argument.
cmon man. we cant lump all women together with that by using a piece of anatomy.
It would be nice if that word wasn't used to flippantly. Words have consequences.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
the term gives me no idea about this person or what the offense actually is?
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that offensive language.
We ask that you refrain from such derogatory terms in your personal attacks. Please review our user policies. Thank you have a nice day.
please do not use racial language
We ask that you refrain from using such terms out of respect for fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I wish I could have a discussion with you about this but I can't if you won't stop using slurs.
We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from such terms in the future. This is a first warning. Thank you and have a nice day.
please do not use offensive language
Please refrain from use of such terms. Reddit is for everyone. This is a first warning. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language
I am sympathetic to your anger
We understand your ire but ask that you refrain from hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't know what you are responding to
You should avoid using a slur if you're going to judge someone as racist.
Don't use race and nationality as an insult.
Both of you are acting childish. Using foul language isn't earning you extra points here. It's just irritating the rest of us.
That's how the current law is whether you like it or not. If you want to change it write to your senator instead of complaining.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Pleases refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Putting someone down because of their gender isn't ok
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this women specifically on the basis of sex in a hateful manner.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
Differences would be a more polite option instead of further advancing the hate speech. We can all do our part to clean it up.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Using those terms defiles someones daughter. I wouldnt want someone calling my daughter those names.
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
All of this hatred and name calling only serves to weaken gender issues. Rising above these tactics is the only way to be taken seriously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
Im not sure how Twilight zone provoked such a hate filled reply. You could at least wait until something has been said on the topic.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Just because you do not agree with someone does not make hate speech ok. If left unchecked hate festers and grows.
The "n word" regardless of the use case is so demeaning and offensive that it does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please do not use hate speech and degrading comments.
"Ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
"Ret--d(s)" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided.
Please do not use discriminatory language.
Using "Ret--d" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Please do not use a word to degrade a group of people .
Ret--ded" as well as the puerile and formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded are not only offensive but banned.
Please do not use insensitive words to describe a group of people.
more people are offended than what you guys are talking about. and putting it in quotes does not make it better.
No hate speech is tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage by any offenders here will result in permanent bans. Thank you.
you are mad at racists and yet you toss out the 'r' word without caring. kinda ruins your point.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental disabilities. Please review our user policies and code of conduct. Thank you.
Anyone saying that their on a terrorist side should be banned. They kill and ruin people's lives. If you're joking than be more careful.
That word makes some people angry.
Making fun of anyone is hurtful and I don't find this video very funny at all. Have more respect for people and their reputations.
The sheer amount of college classes this comment could span.
The Communist Manifesto is well known in that class. I read it too but I cannot say I understood it 100%.
ho" and especially "cunt" over and over is really denigrating.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" (and derivatives) is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and shouldn\'t be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
The pejorative use of "gay" and "ret--ded" constitute hate speech and as such is not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Using the words "ret--d" "fa--ot" and their variants are constitutive of hate speech; such ill-considered venom is forbidden here.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this sub.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Wow! This is not a place where you can use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread.
It's not necessary to bring her gender expression into this. Beauty is subjective
I don't think it's nice to call people that even if you disagree with that. Lets just let each other think differently.
Please don't use racist remarks thanks
I don't think it's cool of you to word it that way. I get that you think differently but wish you would leave it at that.
Woah! Please refrain from using language that is viewed as offensive or derogatory. Thanks for understanding!
Using words that have historically been associated with discrimination and degradation does not make your point stronger.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Let's bring about a change that it should be an equal rights movement
Please refrain from using words that are derogatory and offensive to groups of people. Instead use a more universally accepted term!
Please be careful in the words you choose and try to be respectful of all races genders and ethnicities. Thanks for understanding!
Your post uses speech that disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their race is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your post or the discussion in this thread
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
This post contains sexist language this is not acceptable.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This post contains sexist and homophobic language. It does not belong on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The foul language doesn't make your point any more valid than it would be with out using it.
Please do not use sexist language on this website.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Demeaning someone based on their gender is not ok
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Mocking someone based on a disability is not ok
Insulting someone based on gender isn't acceptable
This is just a collection of confused stereotypes and I'm not sure what purpose it serves.
I don't think anyone is crazy and we all have just have different opinions.
You shouldn't use stories like this to reinforce your hate of women.
There are better ways to describe something besides resorting to name calling.
These woman give us bad names.
I'm not sure if this is meant as a joke or not
There are better words that should be used to replace the foul language.
I am trying to figure out what Negan has to do with this.
It's really not necessary to say something so insulting to women when you're having a random argument.
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I was with you up until the name calling. Totally not necessary to make your valid point.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Right. I cannot stand this either. As a woman I'm annoyed when female characters are forced into the story.
That word isn't ok here or anywhere
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that have historically been used against targeted groups. Thanks for understanding!
Non- (insert location here) natives comment on all sorts of things. It would be helpful to know from natives of a place what is going on.
Please take caution in the words you use when speaking to other users! These types of words can be seen as derogatory and offensive.
n/a
Yoko Ono fifty percent to blame for the world's lack of the Beatles?
Adoption is a wonderful right in our country. It isn't that nobody wants a child due to race it's that the numbers of children are high.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation. Avoid such words.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I hated when people did this in NYC or use orange cones like I'm not going to move it. But be more respectful when speaking of women.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Avoid such words.
I always say that these arguments should stay out of gaming because some games reflect history and their changing it to be untrue.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
I don't think mental illness is the reason someone made this suggestion. However I do agree that no sane adult needs a curfew.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Avoid such words.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to call someone gay. And if they are
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I disagree with using that word and it's okay if we have different opinions.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Please show restraint in your argument and avoid personal attacks. You weaken your position by doing otherwise. Thank you.
Please do not use that vulgar sexual term when referring to women.
We ask that you refrain from using that term out of respect for our female participants.
Please do not use a persons sexual orientation as a term of hate.
You have been banned from this reddit. You can appeal your ban with our moderators.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add to an argument.
Avoid using a mental impairment as an insult on this post
I believe their are more appropriate accurate and less offensive ways to phrase that.
For all of our hard working female members we ask that you find a more intelligent and respectful way to phrase your protests.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or contribute to the discussion
Using hateful misogynistic language adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Whoa
These terms are very derogatory and should not be used.
Your aunt seems to need some education about who is spreading what where.
This term is offensive towards women and an alternative word should be considered.
Drunk fighting with the police is uncalled for but still don't she doesn't deserve a punch in the face.
I understand your argument
Sexuality trends seem to be media driven lately.
It's almost impossible to follow any of your arguments with all of the vulgarities going on.
Do not make generalizations about people based on their nationality. Some of these terms are attacks on women and the disabled.
Awww it's so cute how you are all omniscient about this situation. Girl might or might not.
Suicide rates among veterans are 22 per day. Might look into rates for female versus male veterans.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded being used as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
Using retarded as a general insult is hateful to a large group of people do not use it here
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Please do not use a mental impairment as an insult to different political parties.
Do not refer to women using that sexual vulgar term.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using a word that is derogatory to people with mental disabilities to describe a situation doesn't enhance my understanding.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others from the feed.
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and phsycial disabilities and review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
please don't make offensive remarks thanks
We must insist that such terms not be used. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your bans by emailing a moderator. Thank you and have a great day.
Please do not make offensive remarks
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
That's one of the most hateful example of verbal abuse in the English language I'd avoid it.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
I would avoid that term everyone has a gift and the world would be better off if we recognized it.
I think it's difficult to understand what's going on without knowing the full context.
Hey there sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
That term has a lot of pain and suffering tied to it make rethink using it.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
While you argue with robots and people who were minding their own business please remember that words can cause real harm.
Language that demeans based on race is not ok
Friendly reminder that using the n-word is inappropriate in pretty much any context
I think I understand what you're trying to say
Language that demeans based on religion is not ok
I'm not sure what's going on here
Hey please consider using "ridiculous" or "stupid" instead of the r-word
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hating on women and calling them the C word isn't cool.You can't assume that she would make a false rape allegation based on only that
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their race(nigger white cunt) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid people" now.
Don't make offensive comments about people thank you.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We don\'t use the R word anymore we say "very stupid" now.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean women in a hateful manner and also being deliberately sexist in last comment.
You all should both agree that you are terrible people and move on with your lives but do it somewhere other than here.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Full ret--d" seeks to debase people by directing hate at the mentally disabled; please refrain for using such locutions here.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Using the term "c---" and its variants pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
"Ret---ed" offends the mentally disabled and their families; try to substitute a less hateful term.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed. Racist language is also not allowed.
Use a euphemism rather than the "n word" to avoid such a potentially offensive term.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Using that word does not help your argument.
Please do not use language that is used to demote women just as an insult. It weakens your argument and is ignorant.
I understand your point but it's very hard to agree with it when you use that word.
Dismissing people's feelings because of a quality they posses is unfair. They deserve respect for thier opions whether or not you agree.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using such derogatory and hateful words. Instead make your point with more universally accepted words!
Please take caution in you word choice - these types of words can be considered offensive and derogatory!
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Such mindless and debasing use the "c---" term is hateful and so forbidden here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
SJW\'s may have their issues but explain further. Saying someone is "retarded" doesn\'t exactly explain your point.
Not all people who consider themselves SJWs may be mentally disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Both of you need to stop
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
There is nothing wrong with a woman wanting to express herself
Your account is temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct. Your suspension can be appealed by emailing a Mod.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Bitch" has been used for centuries to tell women who have an opinion to shut up and that it doesn\'t matter what they think or feel
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account bans with a Moderator. In the meantime please review our user policies
Please refrain from using hateful and sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the thread.
Disparaging someone because of their sexual orientation is not ok.
Wow! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality on this post.
Do not use a disability to insult others and do not use that sexually vulgar term on these posts.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Do not respond with sexually vulgar terms when posting on someones gender.
Disparaging someone because of a disability or gender is not ok.
Do not diminish a view point on genders and do not use hateful terms regarding disability and sexual orientation.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Don't use racist and sexual choices as insults.
Way to fight  the use of a bad term with the use of another bad term.
This exchange creates the stench of hate speech directed on the basis of race and sexual preference. This forum is not a place for either.
Even though what she said was wrong
Your language is not appropriate especially given the violent undertones for this forum.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Even though I don't agree with her actions
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Believe me I understand your argument.  But know that you point is diluted with the offensive language.  People only focus on that.
Please do not use homophobic language.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
There's no reason to shame others based on how they look.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
I am sympathetic to your anger but I can't engage with you further if you continue to use slurs.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
It's hard for me to take you seriously when you use words like those.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
I understand that you have a point you want to make but it's hard to acknowledge it when you use slurs.
I cannot take your comment seriously if you use words like those.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
I know we have differing opinions and wish you wouldn't use those words to describe people. Lets just leave it there.
Terms like "b-tch" and \'c--t" directed at women are hateful hostile and must be avoided here.
Please avoid personal attacks and offensive language. It is easily possible to point out her moral failings without being rude.
Please don't use that word to define people. I understand what you are saying but wish you didn't use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I know you're angry but please avoid using that word. It only creates more hate.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That term is unacceptable. Further use will find you permanently banned.
Hey
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are terms of hate whe used pejoratively; they are not permitted here.
First and final warning avoid using such terms in your criticism or we will have no choice but to suspend your account.
I get that you're frustrated but I wish you didn't use those words to say it.
"Re---ded" and "ret--ds
As pointed out it's okay to disagree but not okay to engage in personal attacks. This is your first warning now play nice.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot or feggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Retard" and "faggot" are harmful terms used to demean intellectually disabled and gay people respectively and should be avoided.
Woah! Please refrain from using words that are considered derogatory or hateful. Your point can be made using universally accepted words.
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words to make your point instead of words that promote bigotry and hatred. Thank you!
please refrain from using offensive language
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please take caution in the words you use - your point can be made in a more universally accepted manner. Thanks for understanding!
please refrain from using offensive language.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
please refrain from using offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using a word like that immediately invalidates your argument.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no reason to call people names and attacking their race. They're not harming you in any way.
It's hard for me to understand your point when you use language like that.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their religion and making false accusations.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Making fun of a serious health condition is not the way to get your point across.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
The same way calling someone what you just called them is allowed.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That word doesn\'t mean "stupid
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using an anti-female slur to describe your displeasure isn't cool.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Female main characters can be just as good as males.
Racist language and homophobic language is not allowed.
People of color and gay people do not deserve this.
Women are very capable of doing the job so it is you that will lose.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Stop using a gender based insult.
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Please persons with disabilities. Refrain from hate speech so that we can all continue to enjoy Reddit. This is a first warning.
This post has sexist language please do not post that.
We appreciate users passion in expressing their opinions but must insist on refraining from hate speech. Thank you.
This post is sexist please do not use such language.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your account suspension by emailing a Moderator.
Please do not use sexist language.
Such terms are not tolerated on Reddit. Consider this a final warning before further action is taken.
Hello this is a friendly reminder that the words you've used are incredibly offensive. Diversity in our world is very important!
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Hello just a reminder that women and minorities experience oppression daily and your words do not help. Perhaps you should rephrase.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their  gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Your choice of words are politically incorrect. Maybe you should rephrase and say "those with an intellectual disability."
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I think you should rephrase your sentence. The word you have used is incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
words like idiot and psychopathic are considered to be offensive as they directly attack people with mental disabilities
Your sentence doesn't even make sense even without the hateful word choice.
Being feminine does not mean someone has low intellect no point of trying to bring others down.
Not sure what's going on here
The anti-female slur does nothing to enhance your argument here.
Just because someone supports a particular candidate such as Trump doesn't mean they are not smart.
We could start the change in language with decreasing the hate speech in this post.
Disagreeing with the way someone acts is fine but there is no reason to call them names just because they are in the wrong.
Watch the language please. This isn't necessary.
Using that word to mean "stupid" is ignorant and mocks a severe medical illness.
Maybe the poster did not understand it was satire no need to get angry over it.
Although what they said was offensive there is no need to stoop to there level and start calling them names.
Even when you are annoyed about someone's actions it is not okay to use offensive words.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't solving anything.
When posting reviews in this forum use polite language an avoid hate speech or offensive language.
Using hate speech against the people you disagree with is not helping anything.
Offensive language is not allowed in this forum.
Generalizing a whole gender based on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Your point becomes invalid when you use a word like that.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that slur.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I understand you have a point you want to make but using that word cheapens it.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using those words reflects poorly on your character.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Try to be more respectful of the mother in law. I know mine is a pain too but without her you wouldn't be in love with their child.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
We all can agree to disagree but one thing I feel 100% on is that we ALL need to respect our President.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
I don't think this is true at least not federally. But if it is there must be a reason for it.
Name calling something you dislike isn't going to fix the situation.
Please avoid using female genitalia as an insult on posts.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Do not use a persons mental disability as a way to be hurtful
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
There is no reason to use a persons disability as an insult
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Wow. Do not use sexual orientation or female genitalia as a way to be rude.
Using the words 'tranny cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a persons mental impairment as an insult to others
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Both "Ret--d(ed)" and "fa--ots" cause offense to many and so are not allowed here. Please refrain from using them.
It's very difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
I'd like to continue this discussion but it's hard when you use that kind of language.
Using  "ret--ds" ret--ded" and "f-gs" and mindlessly expressing reflexive hatred toward LGBTQ persons are offensive and banned here.
When you use that kind of language it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Both the term "ret--d" and senseless misogyny are banned in this forum.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your argument.
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Using "c--t" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Insults based on gender are not ok
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Don't use faggot as an insult
broad generalizations based on stereotypes and paranoia only discredit those who spread them.
Just because someone likes the same sex or has a different opinion doesn't mean they are a bad person.
name calling using offensive slurs carries your argument into the gutters of human interaction and losing all credibility.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
nonsensical racial are still racist and a waste of the oxygen you breath
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult on feeds.
That may be true but let's not try to speculate about her mental capabilities
Since you're already correcting someone try using a different word altogether.
Please dont use that word. It's very offensive.
Do not use hateful terms regarding a persons sexual orientation.
That's a word I think we all would agree doesn't need to be thrown around here. They're just people.
I doubt a person's mental capabilities is the issue here.
hey derogatory and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thx
This conversation thread includes many words that are hurtful to women. There was a crime but these words affect all women.
There are other ways to express your opinion that do not include damaging words.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
This conversation does include examples of the "gendered slurs" mentioned. These words used are hurtful to women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
While you may not like that person that word to describe them is offensive.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
In a video game environment people must still be respectful and use acceptable language. The language used here would not be included.
Using a slur to defend using slurs is pretty meta. I support banning offensive language as it can actually hurt people
Please do not use a mental disability when voicing your opinions.
Do not use a mental disability to voice your frustrations.
Gatekeeping is only harmful to the community a person is whatever they identify as and ableist slurs only make it worse
Do not use that mental disability as an insult to others voicing their opinions.
Even though those actions are reprehensible it only deters from your point when you degrade to name calling
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about a person.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add meaning and it's emotionally charged hate is distracting.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
Adding words emotionally charged with hate doesn't add meaning.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Even if a woman is at fault
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
Words that are derogatory towards people with mental disabilities aren't helpful.
The word 'retarded' is highly offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to insult people based on disability status while responding to post.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and I'm sure most people wouldn't use that to describe this.
Totally unwarranted to use hateful terms about people based on race of disability while talking about video games.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about people with disabilities while responding to post.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Unwarranted to use hateful terms based on gender while expressing opinion.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful terms about people with a disability in response to post.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability does not belong in meaningful conversation.
Please be careful with the words you choose and opt for universally accepted words instead of those that have derogatory connotations.
Woah! Please refrain from using words and terms that are considered offensive and derogatory. Thanks for understanding.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on posts
Woah! Please refrain from using terms that promote bigotry and can be considered derogatory and offensive. Thanks for understanding!
Stop using a persons mental disability as a way to insult others
Please avoid using that vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Please refrain from using terms that are considered derogatory and offensive. Instead opt for a more universally accepted term!
Stop using that sexually crude word to refer to women.
please refrain from using offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
please dont use offensive language
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
please dont use offeinsive language
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
There is no need for the derogatory he/she's just trying to keep the forum clean.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't criticize them.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist and racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
That has nothing to do with the fact all kids have potential. I don't think it's equal
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others. Please be more respectful.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
There's no reason to use profanity. Nobody is harming you in any way.
I'd be more open to your perspective if you didn't use that kind of language.
use of the C-word only diminishes your argument; if you left that out you may even garner som sympathy!
When you use those types of slurs in immediately invalidates your argument.
Use of the C-word is just not necessary; expand your vocabulary and your credibility too!
Hey there is no place for that vulgar term here. Don't refer to women in that way.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Use of the C-word only diminishes your argument you made a really good point by but using the C-word you lost your credibility!
It's hard to take your point seriously when you use that slur.
using the word retarded to express negativity hasn't been acceptable in decades; expand your vocabulary and your credibility!
It makes me disregard your perspective when I see you using words like those.
The judge is wrong here. This lady should of been put in for at least 30 days to see how it feels.
Do not use that sexually impolite word when referring to women.
They don't hate her. They just don't agree with her decisions. We all have that in our family.
Think before posting on this feed. Do not use crude terms regarding sexual genitalia
The rape culture is so stupid. But we also cannot condone assault. We need to all get along; Adults.
Please do not use that crude term when voicing your frustrations.
The cops are supposed to be professional. We need to respect them too.
Do not use vulgar terms disguised as other words on posts.
Honestly I'm a woman and yes men are on average taller than us. Nothing wrong with stating a fact but nicely.
Refrain yourself from using that vulgar sexual term when posting.
The secret agenda for equality for everyone and not just certain people... Truly a fate worse than death.
Somebody defending rights of people with disabilities should not use words that hurt that same group of people.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
With that language you have a better chance with a sewage grate than any lady.  Just saying.
This is very offensive language that promotes rape culture and the idea that women are perpetually sexually available to men.
If your goal was to prove you aren't a troll you have surely failed.
The language used is a slur against people in the LGBTQ+ community and is unnecessary.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
your bad language cheapens your point now no one is listening because they think you're just hateful
This was a strong reaction to a very reasonable suggestion.
Replacing the foul language with more appropriate words would make it more pleasurable to read the post.
Theres no reason to use that language. Just because you dont agree with them.
Name calling and foul language leads to pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic.
I agree just go to a designated place and dissent.
We ask that you consider what you said more carefully. Hate speech will not be tolerated on Reddit. Thank you. Final warning.
The entire male and female divide is out of hand. I don't even know how it got this far. All I want is equal pay men can have the rest.
Personal attacks and hate speech are not tolerated. This is your first and final warning. Choose your words more carefully in the future.
It's hard to take your perspective seriously when you use that word.
This may not have been the most moral individual but you can't extrapolate that behavior to all women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
A word for a female should not be a putdown for a man.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Your argument would be better accepted if you didn't use that word.
This particular slur is a harmful put-down for those with mental or intellectual disabilities. The term is outdated.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion in this thread
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use those sorts of words.
This slur causes harm to women. There are better insults out there that do not employ race gender ableism or other discrimination.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to aid your argument and adds nothing to the discussion
All of these people are victims and you shouldn't be using this story to spread hate.
Insults based on gender are not ok
while it is totally justified to be upset about situations like this can we please remember to use language that is not offensive to women?
Insults based on gender are not ok
it should not however be a privilege to not be verbally harassed online. please use nicer language
Insults based on gender are not ok
her would be a nicer word choice
while your point may be valid it would be better received without language of that nature
Hey
Try to reevaluate the language you have chosen to use. How does it make people feel?
Even if she was wrong hate attacks tolerance and acceptance. Calling her derogatory names will not help solve this or any other situation
Hey everyone
This language is not necessary to prove your point.
People can disagree without defaming one another. It does nothing to validate your stance in the argument & makes you look ignorant.
Your language here is unnecessary. You can prove your point all the same using respectful language.
Churchill's description does not illustrate issues you have with him. Elaborating without vulgarity could explain more clearly. Thank you.
Your language here is not necessary. You can still make your point without using those terms!
You're statements are not clear & hard to understand. Further attacking the victim does not provide any solutions to help this situation.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I don't think we need to talk like that to be effective.
You could get your message across better speaking like a grown up.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I think you can replace that word with something less offensive and more meaningful. Stop that.
There are more appropriate terms that should replace the terms used.
I think calling them mentally or intellectually disabled get the point across more effective. No reason to speak like that at all.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
You could say 'white idiots'. You may make a good point but I can't tell based on the distracting random slurs.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
Hmm would have been a good joke without the bad language.
Disparaging someone because of their gender is not ok.
While I understand your outrage this is not an appropriate way to respond to such news.
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
It's easy to sit and pass judgement on reddit while calling women names right?
Language that attacks a race is not allowed.
You can put this point across without the vulgarity or profanity too
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Serving in military should have given your more sense than to call people names and oh thank you for your service not.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Can't this be said without calling people retards or idiots?
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Even casual use of the term "ret--d" is offensive and best avoided here.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Lol
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
If you want your argument to be taken seriously you shouldn't use that language so casually.
a whole convo on a touchy subject dealt with in civil manner and you throw out the 'r' word so you dont have to think. you can do better.
Please do not talk down to others beliefs in religion and do not use a mental impairment as an insult.
This is not a feed that allows hateful terms that refer to sexual orientation and or religious affiliations.
It's startling that even when presented with the most empathetic possible connection that your answer is still violence.
cmon guys! every woman is not just sex parts and and avery man you dont like is not the 'r' word.
Do not use a mental impairment as an insult and do not refer to women using that vulgar term.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Please separate your anger from the hateful comments toward innocent people.
I understand you want to get your point across but using that word doesn't help.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please obliterate the prejudicial comments and use more acceptable words.
It's a poor reflection of your character when you use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the discussion in this thread.
Take out the damaging words and use kinder ones please.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation at all.
Please exclude the language that is distressing to others.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
Please cease the abusive talk and express your thoughts in a way that is less hurtful to others.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Please try to find a more intelligent word that isn't offensive to so many.
As a women I do believe men can be pushed aside during these times with STEM and it's wrong. But we must say so in a respectful way.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
Maybe if you explained that with less negativity the point would get across. Ladies do the same and we need to give the next guy a chance.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Spanish is the 2nd language in the USA and you'll make more money at most jobs if you learn it. I say learn 3 or 4 languages!
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
I understand your argument but it's hard to agree with you when you use that word.
it's been decades since people used words describing homosexuals as negative descriptors get with the times!
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from your use of racist or homophobic slurs in your posts.  The contribute nothing productive to the conversation of the sub.
All you're doing is trading insults so I am missing the basis of your argument.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation in this thread.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this sub.
You're account has been suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal your suspension by emailing a Moderator.
While you may have differing opinions from those you mock the language you're using to express these differences is unnecessary.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We respect your right to an opinion but insist that you refrain from using this term. Ty
Your opinion is important but please refrain from using ableist slurs when expressing your opinions.
We ask that you review our user policies concerning hate speech. In the future avoid such terms when commenting. Thank you.
Try using less graphic words to express your opinion please.
Out of respect for Redditors with physical and or mental disabilities we must insist you avoid such terms in the future. First warning. Ty
Please avoid using words that may be considered ableist by others.
Use of that word is not tolerated on Reddit. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
Your comment includes language that can be harmful. Try using other words to express your point of view.
It's very difficult to follow your argument when you use that word.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
When you use those slurs it makes me immediately disregard your argument.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thanks
You could make your point more effectively if you didn't use such offensive slurs.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using such a slanderous word to describe a woman shows a severe lack of respect.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you used is vulgar and affects more than just those you are meaning to refer to.
Name calling leads to nothing but pointless arguments that have nothing to do with the topic at hand.
I know you are having an argument but you used offensive language that is harmful towards women. You should use better words in the future!
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
The word choice you used is offensive to other women and not just to the woman you are referring to. There are better words to be used.
Name calling is a childish way to describe someone.
I know you are expressing anger but the word choice you have used is unnecessary and is offensive to women. Please use better word choice!
The term you have used is offensive to a whole community of people and you should refrain from using it again! It can be harmful.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Using the words 'twat and pussy' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex.
Using the word 'thundercunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the "c---" term pejoratively is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Such terms and language are not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review your user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
We respect your right to your opinion but insist that you not employ such terms in the future. Thank you for your understanding.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is gender-targeting hate speech and should always be avoided here.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you review our user policies and refrain from said term in the future. Thank you.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he lies a lot but the language is insulting to those that have real mental impairments and isn't fair.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Try to calm down and think this through rationally. Whatever the case a man should never attack a woman.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Guys can you please leave him alone
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
please don't make offensive remarks to people thanks
There are better ways to describe your disagreement than using sexist slurs.
I'm sure you don't mean to offend people with this serious medical condition.
Anti-female slurs don't help your argument.
That's just a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't think words like that need to be used.
Insults based on gender or sexual orientation are not ok
Offensive terms for females are not permitted.
All these false rap claims is out of control. They need to be put on their own list similar to sex offenders because their ruining lives.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Slang terms for female genitalia or mentally disabled not permitted
Every country is different. We cannot make a valid argument about punishment in Holland vs the USA; very different.
Hitler & Nazi references may be perceived as racially offensive and should be removed.  Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
I also wonder who exactly decides what is funny or offensive online.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted.  Racial/Pro-White remarks not permitted.
Good for them. At least they still are welcoming foreigners.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Slang term for mental disability not permitted
This is very interesting. It seems like the push in STEM may end up a repeat of what happened in the factories.
Use of a word that is derogatory is not helpful.
You may believe that you word used to stigmatise the mentally handicapped is not offensive but those suffering do. Please use another word.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is charged emotionally with hate.
Kindly avoid language that stigmatises or otherwise excludes the mentally handicapped.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is emotionally charges with hate.
Please refrain from using words that may stigmatise or victimise minority groups such as the mentally handicapped.
This comment is evidently homophobic including using historically pejorative language and in this way is harmful and hateful.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I am stating my own personal opinion which you may not agree with. This does not give you any right to speak to me in that kind of way.
What makes you think it's ok to call the OP such an offensive term
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I do not think it is appropriate or nice to be saying that. Please be respectful of others self identity.
This comment is violently homophobic condoning violence against gay people and using a hateful slur.
That language was unnecessary to convey your opinion. There are better ways to make your point.
"Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Let's have more respect here. There is no need for speaking like that about an underage person especially.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
profanity and derogatory remarks are opinion not facts stick to the facts
It's very hard to take your point seriously when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
grammar suggestions will be done without profanity
I'd like to hear more of your perspective but it's hard to understand when you use that language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
constructive arguments are done without being combative
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
conversations here are done without batter
It's difficult to follow your argument when you use that sort of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
bulling is not stopped by being over assertive
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Some women are manly and they are important for today's society.
Language that demeans based on sexual orientation is not ok
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Language that demeans based on gender is not ok
I feel like the word 'Retard' is an extremely hurtful word to use when describing someone you don't care for.
You shouldn't be insulting people who don't have the same opinions as you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I understand you don't agree with what is going on
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of a word derogatory towards people with mental disabilities doesn't add meaning.
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
I don't believe hate of all women is a justified critique of one woman.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not help to add meaning.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
The use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities adds a negative emotional charge and does not add any meaning.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities does not add to an argument.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to the conversation in this sub.
Using hateful misogynistic language is adding nothing to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please refrain from using ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic or sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to this conversation.
This doesn't concern the mentally ill there are other ways to define them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
If your point is correct it'll come through without name calling or slurs.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
You don't need to make your case in such a negative way.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Wakanda doesn't exist because there are no magical super materials. No one can make a Wakanda.
That's racist and no one thinks movies are real.
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
rHey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That word is extremely rude and disrespectful towards women.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Silencing an entire group of people just because they don't agree with you shows your close-mindedness and unwillingness to debate issues
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Don't use sexual choices as an insult.
"Fa--ot" as used here cause offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Don't use a gender based insult.
Both rampant misogyny and the pejorative use of the word "c--t" are offensive unthinking and hateful; all are forbidden here.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I might choose a different adjective it offends people with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Your description is not appropriate because it offends  people that care for and support them.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
I would avoid using that term It alienates and excludes them.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the conversation of the sub.
When you pepper your speech with that description you are spreading hurt.
What is being said may or may not be true but basing it all on their race is morally wrong.
Using foul language doesn't make a point of view any more valid.
The laws I been hearing about regarding women in UK not going to jail for non-violent crimes is sad.
Name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Well she shouldn't be leaving it behind but calling her that name is wrong too.
The foul language and name calling have absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand.
We ask that you practice tolerance in your choice of terms as well and avoid such offensive terms in the future. Thank you.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. We thank you for your understanding.
Your post can be written without using sexist language.
We ask that you express your ire using less offensive terms. We understand anger and debate we do not tolerate hate here. Thank you
For the sake of fellow female Redditors we ask you to not use such terms. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it's difficult to digest when you use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
It's very hard to have this conversation with you when you use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
I understand your anger
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
I think your point would come across better if you didn't use that kind of language.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
I'd be more inclined to agree with your comment if you didn't use that word.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
You should not use that term when voicing your opinion on others.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Please do not use a mental disability as an insult to others or others political stance.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different beliefs than you.
Abstain from using a mental impairment as an insult.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Woah! Please do not compare others when using a term regarding mental disability.
You shouldn't be attacking people who lead different lifestyles.
Words derogatory towards men that are homosexual and women aren't necessary to add meaning.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive towards women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
The word 'retarded' is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities and the language here constitutes hate speech towards women.
Language that attacks someones disability is not allowed.
Calling a person a n****r and making horrible claims about eating their own children is racist hate speech and is unacceptable.
Racist language is not allowed.
I don't believe there has ever been a situation that warranted the use of a word that is derogatory to all women.
The word 'cunt' is deragatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
A word that is derogatory towards women doesn't add meaning; it is emotionally charged with hate.
The word 'cunt' is derogatory and offensive to women and is unacceptable langue that should not be used.
Language that attacks someones sex or gender is not allowed.
No need to insult disabled people while disagreeing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of hateful language regarding women was unwarranted.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please show more respect for your fellow female Redditors by choosing less offensive terms. Thank you for your cooperation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Reddit does not tolerate the use of such language. To avoid bans and supspended accounts please use better judgement in the future. Ty
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Language people we're better than that. We ask that you respect your fellow redditors in the future.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you consider word choice in the future. Free speech doesn't have to alienate people. Thank you for your understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
We ask that you engage in civil debate and refrain from using such profanity. We would rather avoid further action. Thank you.
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Instead of using an offensive word
"Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Your thoughts and opinions would carry more weight if you would focus more on your point and less on name calling.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it.
That word has no place in vocabulary anymore. Mike Pence isn't any better or worse than any other person either.
Quoting the "n word" here is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
One's heritage and feelings are no joke. Opinions will always vary on historical events but they all have a place as they are our past.
Using words like 'cunt' only make your views less valid.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the "tw-t" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using such language to describe a woman shows one's true character.
Please hold police officers in equality not basing off of gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
It is okay to not agree but please respect other's sexual orientation.
Not everyone is born the same way and you should respect that.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Please refrain from using the 'r' word when describing your stance as it is a sensitive word for a protected class.
Instead of insulting others you could explain their mistakes to them.
Excise the noxious commentary please from your conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please take out the slurs at people and be more gentle in your words.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Avoid using the damaging remarks and state your feelings with more compassion please.
You're talking about respect
No need to call her those things when she is still underage and learning how the world works.
More negativity thru words or violence will not help him in this situation.
Name calling and suggesting violent behavoir speaks to one's true character.
Some good arguments but when you blast someone or group it sorta defeats your argument.
There are certainly more appropriate words that can be used to replace the foul language.
Not all women are like that. People just like what they like and that's just how it is.
If you don't like his content you need to see it. Very simple to find something else you may like.
Using foul language doesn't make one's point any more valid.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation or your argument.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you did not use that word.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not contributing in any productive way to the discussion.
It's very hard to follow your argument when you use these types of slurs.
Please refrain from the use of racist slurs in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion in this sub.
Woah! This language is considered derogatory - please try to use more universally accepted terms when referring to groups of people
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute anything of value to the discussion.
Please be careful in the words you use when speaking with other users. These types of names can be considered offensive!
If you want people to know what you mean why don't you use accurate language.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
What occured here has nothing do do with anyone's label of mother or daughter.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful
Disparaging someone because of a disability is not ok.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Disparaging someone because of their religionis not ok.
There are better ways to decribe a place than resorting to foul language.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to the discussion in this thread
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
How ironic that you're supporting women
Hi There Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from the use of hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not adding anything productive to the discussion or the sub.
You're trying to convince your coworker to see your point
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or contributing to the discussion
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please use more respectful language when expressing your opinions. We thank you in advance for your understanding.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Refrain from such language please. Reddit is for everyone and we ask that you express your dissent respectfully.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Persons with disabilities. We insist that you remain civil in your discourse. Thank you.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Language people. Such terms are not acceptable on Reddit. This is your first warning. We appreciate your cooperation.
Using the "c---" term malevolently and hate-fueled speech toward women are offensive and should be avoided.
shit she did daredevil and West Wing it cant be that bad
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean their opinion is not as valid.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Name calling someone you disagree with is not going to solve anything.
"Re---ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
Using the "c---(y)" and "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Develop software the doesn't allow users to use foul language (cunt)
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute productively to the discussion.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation.
Don't allow users to even have the ability to use foul language
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Please refrain from the use of hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to contribute to the conversation in this thread.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I get your point but watch the language.  It's really offensive.
Insults based on race or sexual orientation are not ok
If you are going to join in on a legit conversation you might want to watch your language because it dilutes your arguments.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Insults based on disability are not ok
I get your argument but watch some of the offensive terms a little.  You can still make your points without resorting to vulgarities.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Insults based on gender are not ok
You're certainly entitled to your opinion but please watch the language.  Some of those words are quite offensive.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful racist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of this sub.
It's disturbing that it's presented as a funny joke to make racist insults here.
Just because you dislike someone doesn't mean that they deserve death.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this sub.
I think you need to take a deep breath and consider when you started talking to people this way.
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language  in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
It must be exhausting to be on the lookout for people to behave this way toward.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language as it adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Think about how this girl would feel if she knew that you were talking about her this way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to made fun of.
Please refrain from using hateful homophobic language in your posts.  It is not helpful to your argument or productive to the discussion.
There's no need to respond so violently to someone even if they are insulting you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
n/a
Calling others names is a childish way to describe them.
I don't see how using language like that gets your point across.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
This is one of the least intelligent conversations I've ever seen on Reddit.
Using foul language doesnt make your point anymore valid than it would be without it.
Yeah I second User 17. User 20 I'm sure you would not like to go to court for your opinion.
Using foul language and calling others names shows your true character.
Let's not resort to racism here guys. candada is a great place.
Calling someone a foul name speaks volumes about your character.
That's really unkind this guy has a life.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
OK people tone it down.  This is a family website.  Thank you for keeping it clean and G-rated..
I agree that people can act wrong sometimes but it's no reason to use that type of language that's unfair to those demographics of people.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women and people with intellectual disabilities.
I agree but please there are kids on this site.  Please watch the language.  Thank you.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it family friendly on here please.
I'm sorry your mom went through such a hard time with her husband and gets caught into a stereotype because of it.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to keep it clean on here.  We're a family friendly website and we wish to keep it that way.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Try to tone down the language please.  There are children present.  Thank you.
I don't think that is necessary!
You do not need to use offensive language to convey your message.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to the conversation
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
You don't need to use degrading language.
Please refrain from using sexist language in your post.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
That's a word small minded men say to make themselves feel better.
Just because she is a woman doesn't mean you have to use degrading language.
Using hateful misogynistic language is not contributing anything productive or valuable to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
The foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the vulgar language.
Delving into ad hominems instead of refuting an argument substantively is the easiest way to show you're losing the discussion. Reel it back
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
The use of foul language and name calling does nothing more than create pointless arguments.
Using "c--ts" malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
We ask that you refrain from hate speech when expressing your opinions. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you.
Using the "c--ts" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Hate speech of any kind is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you choose your words more carefully and review our user policies. Ty.
The malevolent hateful and reflexive use of "re---ds" evidenced here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone including those with disabilities. Please review our user policies and consider this a first warning. Thank you.
The malevolent  and reflexive use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
Reddit is for everyone. We insist that you not use that term again. This is a first warning. Thank you for your understanding.
The pejorative use of "re---ded" here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please avoid it.
We ask that everyone on Reddit refrain from hate speech and maintain civil discourse. This is a first warning. Thank you for understanding.
I get what you're saying but using that word really hinders your argument.
His logic is misguided if anything but he has a point.
Language that demeans based on disability isn't acceptable
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Demeaning someone because of gender isn't ok
Agreed we shouldn't make rash statements about others based on a limited amount of data.
Language that demeans based on disability is not ok
Retardation" as used here offends many and so should be avoided.
Regardless of current words it would be useful for us as a society to tailor our language to better represent all of our members.
Avoid language that imparts agression. Refrain from using language that is dergatory towards certain poopulations (i.e. devlopmental disable
and rampant misogyny
Rather than dwell on outrage energy is better spent understanding why we take issue with these things and how we may improve them.
Refrain from using sexually explicit language
"bi--h
and rampant misogyny
She is unjustified in that behavior but a more level-headed approach to justice will have longer-standing effects.
Avoid using profanity gender-biased terms  and sexually exploitive descriptors.
Avoid intimidating language avoid profane and dergatory terms.  Avoid degrading terms especially when directied at people.
Politics aside remember that they are people beyond their ideologies.
Avoid profane language when referncing individuals.   Look for replacements for profanity and use socially appropriate substitutes.
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there homophobic and derogatory are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
hey there homophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank You
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using a derogatory term to describe people you don't like also makes fun of those with mental disabilities.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone is not as smart as you does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because somebody likes the same sex does not mean they are less than you.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because someone has a different belief than you does not mean your opinion is better than theirs.
Ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
When expressing your opinion we must insist you not use that term. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Thank you in advance.
Hi there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Although we understand the self reference out of respect to fellow Redditors we must insist you not use that term in the future. Ty
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Hate speech is not tolerated. Your account is suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. Any further usage of said term will result in account suspension. Please review our user policies.
Hi there Sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
This thread is closed and your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Thank you have a nice day.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Name calling the people you don't like isn't going to help anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you dislike isn't going to change anything.
Its inappropriate to use 'beta-faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Just because you disagree with someone's beliefs doesn't mean their opinion is less valid than yours.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I'd be much more open to discussing this with you if you didn't use that word.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I'd be inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that slur.
I can't continue this conversation with you if you continue to use offensive words.
Maybe but using "c--t" offends most people communicates only ignorance and so is not welcome here.
I understand your point but I can't agree with you when you use that word.
That's a offensive term
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (idiot) and gender (cunt). Refrain from such words.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their mental health (retards) . Refrain from such words.
Please do not stereotype people by age.
Please do not use derogatory phrases to stereotype people.
Its inappropriate to use terms that refer to one's mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Ok this language isn't appropriate. Watch it please.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability or one that demeans a person's race does not promote understanding.
This language is absolutely disgusting. I'm speechless. You need to reevaluate your life choices.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
This whole conversation is ridiculous but please watch your language.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
This language is marginal. You're toeing a line.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender or disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on they value.
Insults based on gender are not ok
Its inappropriate to use the words 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on nationality or race are not ok
You probably shouldn't try to combat one kind of hate with another kind of hate.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think we're all past using something this hurtful in a serious discussion.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with makes fun of the people with actual mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Please don't share hurtful stereotypes specifically to foment hate against Arabic people.
Judging an entire race or religion on the actions of a few people doesn't make any sense.
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they're less intelligent than you.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the words 'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from making insensitive comments towards a certain gender.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
There's no reason to use profanity to attack others.
Please refrain from using hateful and ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing to your argument or the discussion.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I wasn't sure a man could be a feminist until I read an article recently. It seems there's actually a lot of men who agree with the ideas.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
As a female I also think Kavanaugh was used as a pawn and was never guilty of rape.
Your argument is greatly hindered by the use of that word.
I don't think she was wrong for leaving the note but she could of been a bit nicer about her words.
When you use that word it makes me not want to listen to your perspective.
The more people keep buying into these corporations the more products their going to make. We are actually the problem.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
Don't use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
That is a bit extreme. So as a female I can do anything I want except a major crime and not go to jail; not a good idea.
I understand you have a point you want to make but when you use that word it's hard to want to listen.
Generalizing an entire country like that is false and unnecessary. It is also never okay to suggest suicide just because you don't agree
A better response to user 5's verbal attack would have been to simply ignore rather than strike back based on their country of origin.
This post targets a user based on their national origin please do not do this.
Just because you don't agree does not mean that you should call into question someone's intelligence with an ableist slur
Please do not use language that could be offensive to those with inellectual disabilities.
Even if she can't get her projects done
Please refrain from using sexist language in your posts.
Expressing a a thought does not require the use of bigotry to be heard.
Please do not use homophobic and sexist remarks in your posts.
Please don't make abusive remarks to people thanks
Though you may not realize it the word choice you have used is incredibly vulgar and can be offensive to women. Use better words!
Please don't make sexist remarks thanks
This is incredibly offensive to women and your word choice needs to be improved to prevent harm. It hurts more people than you think.
Please don't make abusive remarks thanks
The word choice you are using is very insulting and vulgar especially since it targets women and rights. You need to use better words!
Let's find out what the penalties are for men and women in this situation.
Keep the language civilized and we will all enjoy your contributions to the conversation.
I don't think we know what she actually got.  Did she say she needed help?
Hateful language hurts the discussion...Please try again.
I think there are some things we can agree on let's focus on that.
Please be civilized in the conversation here.
I think not everyone would be interested just because she is a woman.
Keep the language civil to promote a more thoughtful dialogue please.
I don't think that you can make a blanket statement like that what are the examples?
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't solving any problems.
You should really apologize and not act so entitled yourself.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are worth less than you.
Making fun of someone or using their disability no matter how serious is pretty shallow.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Name calling someone isn't going to change the situation.
Hey There sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Calling someone names based on their gender is just a reflection of your character which seems to be pretty shallow.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Hey there please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
start a conversation about why men judge women harder than they would another man
I have no idea why you guys think talking like that helps your case or argument. Stop it.
But that doesn't mean it's the right thing to say. It doesn't take that much extra effort to use less hateful language.
ban users who use hate speech
That term doesn't have a place anywhere. Stop it.
"c--t" and "ret--ded
and the venomous hatred in which they are embedded here
Smell is a perfectly normal body function being offended by it is like being offended that the wind blows!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Or maybe she was so terrified that she just can't remember.  You weren't there so you can't say what actually happened or not.
Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The intellectually delayed have nothing to do with this and there is nothing wrong with wanting fair and equal treatment for everyone!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
No women will not be silent! Our anatomy proudly queefs in your general direction loudly!
Shitc--t" used here is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You have no right to be happy over this it is a failure of our justice system for both sides and your impudent rage at her isn't helping.
Dang
There is no reason to use such hate speech. Your post will be reported and if this continues you will be banned.
If you continue to use this kind of speech we will be forced to report and ban you from future use.
You can talk about these people in a better way without that word. Using that word only detracts from your otherwise helpful comment
Your post is meaningless and devoid of any content nor does it even match the OP. Additionally hashtags do nothing on Reddit
Yet again
"Retard" and "retarded" are hateful words that are used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I can't stop laughing that you are worried. Pretty sure more girls out here looking for a relationship than her. Go look.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt
When in doubt
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman on the basis of her sex in a hateful and bigoted manner.
You must not know the actual definition of feminism.
This is an inappropriate way to share your thoughts. It sounds like you have a disagreement with the media. Could you rephrase your point?
I don't understand why people with disabilities are a part of this conversation.
The truth is the truth.
I understand you are tired of the recent conspiracy-trend; there is at times truth to the concern though. Can you elaborate more?
A lot of your commentary is unnecessary. With that said I would like to hear more about the actual content of your comment.
Why do you feel threatened?
I don't think some of what's being noted here is applicable. Can you elaborate further on your thoughts regarding gender inequality?
This isn't harming you in any way
Do not generalize.
There are a lot of opinions here and a lot of disagreement about certain terminology. Perhaps we could talk more about the need for this?
Using language that offends people through bigotry and gender terms as well as intelligence is useless and does not help.
I would appreciate if you didn't use such hateful speech to express your disagreement
The language is completely inappropriate and should not be used as it attacks women and is distasteful.
Hey I understand your point but it would probably be a bit stronger without the extra insults!
Using language with cuss words offends people and some words can be a direct attack to people with different orientations. Try to avoid it.
I think it would be more helpful if you expressed your counter-argument without hate speech
When one uses language that attacks intelligence that is in the realm of specials needs it is harassment and is not accepted.
I think you could reach your target a little better without the extra insults - if you could clarify what you meant by those.
Racist words are not socially acceptable in society anymore and need to be avoided at all costs.
You are being temporarily suspended. Please review our user policy and code of conduct.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your point.
I understand that you have a point to make but it's very hard to commiserate with you when you use that word.
Just because you do not like something such as a major doesn't make it right to look down on others.
Persons with disabilities. Reddit is for everyone. Thank you for understanding.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intelligence.
While your feelings are valid we ask that you use less offensive terms out of respect. Your fellow female Redditors thank you.
I'd be more interested in your perspective if you didn't use that word.
*Homophobia has entered the chat*
Name calling speaks volumes about one's character.
I think delusional hotpocket has a tastier meaning.
The fact that you responded in such a way makes me wonder if you and your mom have a good relationship. I think you need a hug.
I agree she is in the wrong but this anti-female slur isn't necessary.
Speaking such foul names about women shows a serious lack of respect.
That is not a very articulate description and is actually highly offensive.
Foul language doesn't make your point of view any more valid.
The post was funny but your hateful comment wasn't necessary.
Name calling does nothing more than start pointless arguments.
This man was clearly disabled and it's so sad this happened to him. I pray he finds real love.
Let's get back to the fact she spit on a cop. I don't care what color or race she is. That is disrespectful and deserves jail.
Hate speech is a reflection of the person it's coming from.
All this for a logo. Come on now let's be adults. If we don't the logo than stay away from their stuff. Don't buy it or buy into the drama.
Please stop this name calling it completely drags down what was an otherwise good discussion.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
Women have often played a huge role in war and using an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence does nothing to further your argument
I haven\'t seen these lies you are referring to and while that accusation was weird the "r" word is hurtful to use especially in context
Obesity is a serious medical condition and shaming isn't going to help those suffering though gendered insults aren't the proper response
Someone's weight has nothing to do with this. I don't see the connection at all.
Calling someone a name based on their gender is a bit of an odd way to show disdain for their attitude
It wasn't stupid but it did need more relevant content.
I've never heard anyone on the left using SJW like thatusing an ableist slur to imply lack of intelligence is hurtful to people with autism
Interesting I didn't know there was a modern and old school feminist difference.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Don't use a medical condition based insult.
Using a derogatory term to describe someone you don't like puts down those people with actual mental disabilities.
Even if this is a true account one person hurting you does not mean you should hurt them.
This is a damaging view of women that is likely to harm your relationships.
I wish that you would prioritize the rule of law over your ideology.
Poor kid. She is only 17 years old and doesn't know their customs. She will never make it.
I can understand your anger but her actions aren't because of her gender so please don't be insulting in that way.
My ex was a couple inches shorter than me. It isn't a big deal. You get used to it after a while.
While you may be trying to be humorous using those terms they're offensive to one's race and even disabilities.
I have zero gay friends but honestly I want one!  The men have better taste than the female friends I do have!
It's fine to feel secure in your sexual preference and manhood but please don't insult someone because of their sexual preference.
I understand you're position but using these negative terms will not help your cause.
When you refer to feminists with such vile names it only supports their point which I assume isn't your agenda.
Wow that is a little bit pushing it... I mean the kid is going to have a record over spilled milk.
I can see you would like attention and that's fine but maybe try a different way than using a term offensive to women.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Using words insulting people basedon a qulaity they have no control over is an exguahsted insult. It is not helpful to anyone.
Woah! Please be careful in the words that you use - maybe try a less derogatory more universal term instead. Thank!
Name calling someone you dislike isn't going to help anything.
Refering to women using language like that is insulting to half of the human race. Women desvere to be listen to and respected like everyone
Please be careful with the words you use! Your message point can be made using more universal terms. Thanks for understanding!
Just because you dislike something doesn't mean you should make fun of disabled people.
Using words that are used for people with disabilites furthers stigma against poeple with disabilites.It degrades people who deserve respect
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from their use and instead use more universal terms!
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are less intelligent than you.
Using words that are used to degrade people with disablilites is ignorant and no need for your argument. It takes away from the argument.
Please be careful in the words you use! Instead we can use more universal names to make our points. Thanks for understanding!
That's a real kick out of making other people feel miserable.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
This language is hurtful to women and could be expressed in a much better way.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
This language is unnecessary and hurtful to women.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
That particular term is offensive to people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
Please don't use ableist words to describe a person.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
This subReddit is being immediately closed. Please review the code of conduct and consider yourselves warned. Thank you.
You are being banned from this thread. We appreciate you making more respectful choices in the future. Thank you
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
Persons with disabilities from now on please we appreciate your cooperation.
Just because you don't like something doesn't mean that its not important to someone else.
Imagine what we could do together to advance humanity rather than sitting behind screens name calling. Please rise above this.
Name calling people you disagree with isn't going to change anything.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Gay people are very intellectual and excel in whatever they do. Im not sure that is what u mean to imply with thatcomment. Please try again
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using the words 'cunt and slut' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the words 'cunt and twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
That's a pretty sorry response.  I can't even focus on your point because of the offensive language.
I think your argument makes sense but your point is getting diluted by the harsh language.  I'd back off it a bit.
I don't necessarily agree with what she was doing either but by using those abrasive words you are weakening your points.
I appreciate the explanation of the terms but maybe we can have a civilized conversation without the slang jargon.
I think your point is valid but I'd watch some of the derogatory terms because it detracts from your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I agree with you to a point but it's rather offensive to call others that word. It's ok to feel strongly about something but using slangisnt
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion or your argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to your argument or the discussion.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Hey can you refrain from saying that word it's not necessary and kind of offends me.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I get that you have strong feelings for her I've went through something similar with my girl but try to calm down a bit and think over thing
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this sub.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Hey now try to calm down. Let's take this to the police and let them handle it.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.   It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this subreddit.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill or any other minority groups.
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalize any minority groups such as lesbians in this case.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke-n-hiemer' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Please avoid using language that may offend or marginalise the mentally ill.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi not to call you out as much as just note language - it is way classier to be able to throw insults without slurs - and hits harder.
You could just say 'grow up to act spoiled and entitled
I don't understand why you gotta use slurs to talk about your disdain for this woman. She's already in the wrong.
Using language like that speaks volumes about one's character.
Try to rephrase your words. When you denigrate those with disabilities you are immediately less trustworthy.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Try not to put down those with disabilities. You will be taken much more seriously.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care.
When you use that term your argument becomes null and void.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
I am pretty sure using that term doesn't help your argument.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Yeah that term doesn't really add anything to this so there's no point in using it.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'nigger' as its a direct attack to someone based on their race.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
While I can agree with the sentiment
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hi There please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Using "Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Hate-fueled words like "c--t" and "ret--d" are offensive bigoted and should not be used in political discourse here.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
"Ret---ation" and "ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families please avoid these terms.
Its inappropriate to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Pejorative use of the word "dyke" can cause offence and detract from any point being made.
Please don't use words that are counterproductive and deleterious to others.
Stop using that vulgar term when talking about females and do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Please do not use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation on this feed.
When you use a word like that it immediately invalidates your argument.
Please do not refer to women to that vulgar term and do not use that racist term regarding someones religion.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Do not use someones gender identity as an insult to others.
It's a shame you use a word like that as it makes it hard to listen to your point of view.
Hey I think you should watch your language...I'm sure the woman is extremely nice and a kind soul!
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't aid your argument or add anything of value to the thread
There's plenty of ways to express yourself without profanity.
While false accusations are serious we should try to sympathize with those who ARE telling the truth. Hear their side of the story.
Using hateful sexist language isn't adding anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Hello! Just a friendly reminder that your words are offensive. There are so many reasons not to use the "R" or "C" words!
Please refrain from using ableist or sexist language in your posts.  It is not contributing anything productive to the conversation.
That word needs to be abolished from your vocabulary
This word is the ultimate insult and used to belittle others. I encourage you to look up the word's history. The results may surprise you.
It's difficult to understand your perspective when you use that word.
Totally unnecessary to use hateful language about disabled people to express your opinion.
Your point would be received better if you didn't use that slur.
It was unnecessary to use hateful language for women in your response.
I'd be more inclined to listen to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
No reason to use hateful language about disabled people to disagree with previous user.
Its inappropriate to use 'faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Remove message and warn the poster of inappropriate conversation.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It does nothing to help your argument or add to the discussion
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It does nothing to add to the discussion in this thread.
You don't need to call them names or vulgar language to make your point. The validity of your post just dropped.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts. It adds nothing of value to the discussion in this thread.
The way you talk about women makes anything you say afterward get ignored.
Name calling someone with a different opinion than you isn't going to solve any problems.
It's considered hostile to reduce a person to a part of the body.
Just because someone is a different race than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
That term reminds of the centuries America wasn't so great.
Just because someone is not as smart as you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are stupid.
A sign of strength is the ability to not attack people who disagree with you.
Using the "c---" term malevolently to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
"Re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
I understand both sides here but watch some of the terms associated with the mentally challenged.  They are quite offensive.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
Your argument would be better received if you didn't use that word.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
I don\'t feel like the "inbred" and ableist slur comment was really necessary and it doesn\'t add any value to the discussion
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Minus tolerance and acceptance that's inaccurate. Homophobic language was unnecessary especially in defense of LGBT people
I want to have this conversation with you
Language that attacks someones sex or sexual orientation is not allowed.
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
People mislabeling other people is not cause to use a word that is harmful to those with a mental condition regardless of how you feel
Language that attacks someones disorder is not allowed.
Disagreeing with someone else is not cause to call them a name that people with mental conditions have ask people to not use
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
When you use that word it makes your argument unreadable.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
It's very hard to understand your perspective when you use that kind of language.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
When you use those kinds of words it reflects poorly on your character.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything of value to your argument or the conversation
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use that slur.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this sub.
hey guys i know the 'r' word just gets used as a catch all so maybe we could watch out for that.
Suggesting someone is fat or gay is disgraceful you guys should spread more love than hate. Spreading positivity will come back to you.
there are a lot of correct words you guys can use to make the same points.
Feminist have a right to spread their views on matters. They are doing so in a positive manner you are spreading hate. Spread love User 1.
i cant take that argument seriously until you stop lumping all women together with those terms.
Although it has been proven some women have falsely accused men of rape it should be known rape is real. Be respectful towards those women.
a million words you could have picked  yet you decide not to think. i just dont know what that means.
Even though you are expressing your views you should never call anyone the c word. This is real life for these people be respectful.
could you use your real thought here. you have insulted a man with a ladies slur that lumps all women together. i just dont understand.
Ah
I completely understand your frustration but naming call doesn't get us anywhere.
Do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality to insults others.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult to other posters
We can disagree without being insulting.  If you don't like his opinion
I am just as shocked as you. I agree completely but i wished you could have said that differently.
Refrain from using hateful sexual orientation terms to be rude.
I hear you but not all women are like that. Thank you for your input but your're better than to use words like that.
Do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about genders.
Do not use those vulgar words and hurtful terms regarding disability when responding to others.
When you use that word it's really hard to take your perspective seriously.
When you use that word it immediately invalidates your point.
It's very difficult for me to discuss this further with you when you use that slur.
When you use that word it automatically invalidates your argument.
I don't even know what that string of hate means
We don't tolerate misogynistic or homophobic language here.
That isn't respectful to say of a woman. Perhaps comment on her crime and educated us instead.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean you should use a derogatory term against them.
There is nothing wrong with a kid trying to take apart a clock and reassemble it. That is what I used to do with my toys as a kid.
Using a derogatory term against someone you disagree with is putting down people with mental disabilities.
I love pumpkin spice and so does my husband. I assure you this has nothing to do with our sexual preferences.
used pejoratively
That word really refers to a female dog. So calling a woman such a name is beyond degrading and we deserve more respect.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" (or "cnt") to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please eliminate the hurtful language and use words that aren't so offensive.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please remove the attacks on people who have intellectual disabilities and just state your concerns.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
Please take care in the words you use as these comments are very harmful to others.
I don't see any reason to attack others based on their gender and beliefs.
This word is holding our society back from taking the next intelligent leap.  Please find and use another word.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to target others because of their gender.
I can't explain how badly I wish everyone would stop using this word.  It is harmful and hateful.  We should try harder.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
I'm not sure who you are referring to with this intellectual verbiage but please try to find a better less shockingly horrible word.
Please don't use insulting words to attack people of a certain race.
I feel like you probably know this already because you are a human being but please refrain from this verbiage.
Using sexist insults in your posts doesn't add anything to your argument or the substance of the conversation.  Please refrain in the future
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Language that offends someones sex is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Name calling the person you disagree with isn't going to help anything.
Language that offends someones sex or gender is not allowed.
Please refrain from including hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub's conversation.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Language that offends someones physical or mental disability is not allowed.
Your vocabulary is so limited. Don't you know any other words?
If you don't like the way she looks then don't look it's simple. We all have a right to look how we want to; purple green or blonde hair.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
I'm sorry you feel that way about freely expressing their rights to choose.  I hope you can be at peace one day.
I may not agree with certain agendas either but they do have a right to expression and free speech. Don't entertain it if it bothers you.
I get you're trying to stand up for people
Anyone lying about rape should be arrested. Each case should be treated uniquely and punishment accordingly.
What we did years ago as jokes isn't acceptable anymore. Older generations have a hard time accepting this.
Using retarded to describe someone as inferior is hate speech do not use it here.
Using cunt as an insult is hate speech. Do not use it here.
Language that insults based on gender is not acceptable
Language that demeans someone because of their race isn't ok
Language that insults based on gender is not ok
Language that demeans based on gender isn't ok
@User 2. There is no reason for name calling here. Let's keep this conversation civil.
You shouldn't be insulting people who have different opinions than you.
Namecalling isn't the best way to dispute opposing opinions. While the violent response is unfortunate the alternative is moreso.
Rape is about control and dominance over another person and besides everyone has different tastes. There's no reason to be nasty about it.
These people have went though some horrible things. You shouldn't insult them.
If you hate to demean real rape victims then perhaps insulting those who may have been raped is a poor route to take.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
"Raging faggot" really has no meaning relevant to your comment unless you are intending to be homophobic. Precise verbage = better here.
Frankly I don't like your tone
Please refrain from using hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of value to the conversation.
I'm sure there are other more articulate words you could have chosen.
While true such language is not tolerated on Reddit. We insist that you refrain from it's usage. Thank you for your understanding.
How would you feel if someone called you that word?
We insist that you respect your fellow Redditors with mental and or physical abilities and avoid such language in the future. Thank you.
Using this language makes people feel badly. There are ways you can rephrase this speech to communicate your point without being offensive.
That word isn't funny
Not to rain on your parade but per our user policies we must insist that you refer to Peter Griffin as having mental disabilities. Thank you
How would you feel if someone used that word to describe you? Try to use language that does not offend others.
Reddit is for everyone. Hate speech is not tolerated. You have been permanently banned.
We ask that you respect your fellow Redditors with disabilities when commenting. Consider this a first warning. Thank you.
There's nothing stupid about wanting to be portrayed accurately in media.
Reddit does not tolerate  hate speech. Your accounts are suspended. You can appeal this action by emailing a Moderator. Ty have a nice day.
Perhaps you should consider that these women are working as nurses because they're good at their job.
We ask that you refrain from such offensive langue or be guilty of double standards and hypocrisy. If you want respect give respect. Ty
You have many labels for those you dislike help me understand what they mean.
This discussion has veered into dangerous territory. This reddit has been permanently close. Refrain from such language in the future. Ty
Please express your understandable ire with more appropriate language out of respect for our female Redditors.
Yet using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided so there\'s that.
Avoid using sexually inappropriate words in your posts
Why not educate someone who doesn't understand? Making them feel bad about not understanding is unlikely to better the situation.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
A persons disability should not be used as an insult
Even if most don't agree with them
Using the term "c--t(y)" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Do not use that crude sexual term in your post
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Stop using a mental disability as an insult
IQ is not the ultimate measure of intelligence and even if someone is less intelligent
Please do not use derogatory language against a national origin.
Just because someone is different than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe ethnicity or poverty.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Just because someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they deserve to be treated badly.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe women.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using a derogatory term to describe something you dislike puts down those with actual mental disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language to describe intellectual disabilities.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they deserve to be made fun of.
Bisexuals are who they say they are and yes I've seen older bisexuals. Also bi people aren't just women so generalizing is inaccurate
Using words that derogatorily reference a part of a certain gender's sex organs are not part of meaningful conversation.
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Using the right words to talk about people is important and using gendered insults to disagree is disrespectful
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they deserve to be called names.
I don't understand what you are trying to say beyond name calling
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Just because someone is a different race doesn't mean they are less than you.
It\'s odd to call someone a white supremacist and then use the "n" word in the same sentence anything else would be more appropriate
Discussing the term "wetback" is different from calling someone one. Try to avoid that.
I don't see any reason to attack immigrants and use profanity.
Using  'retarded and idiot' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics. People have went through these kinds of things. To take them lightly is not acceptable.
You shouldn't be bringing up sensitive topics that don't relate to the topic. These things shouldn't be taken lightly.
Using the word 'retards' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Please don't use ableist words to describe people.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Just because you disagree with someone doesn't mean they are a bad person.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve any problems.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement
While we understand you were referring to yourself we ask that you avoid that term in the future out of respect for fellow Redditors. Ty.
Please do not use that term regarding a mental disability.
As a woman
We ask that you refrain from sexist hate speech. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you
Please avoid using insulting terms when regarding a woman's gender.
This seems mostly like joking around
We ask that you take care with your terminology in the future out of respect for your fellow Redditors. Thank you for your understanding.
Please do not use someones sexual orientation as a term of hate
Using the phrase "c--ts...rot in hell" and sequelae conveys hatred and misogyny: it is not permitted here.
Both hateful misogyny and the use of the "c--t" term are bigoted speech and not permitted here.
Using the term "c---" reflexively thoughtlessly and pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
Refrain from hate speech and such language or we will be forced to ban you. Thank you.
Regardless of stance hate speech and derogatory terms are in conflict with our code of conduct. This is your first warning. Thank you.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race and using profanity.
When you use a word like that it makes it hard for me to find your point of view interesting.
Please refrain from making insensitive comments and using profanity.
Please refrain from attacking people regarding sensitive topics such as assault.
It's hard to understand your point of view when you use word like those.
You can respectfully express your thoughts without attacking others.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use those types of slurs.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others based on their race.
It really hurts your argument when you use a word like that.
It seems like a waste of your time to go out of your way to make people upset.
Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I don't understand why you are taking focus away from the child who was hurt.
Introducing words like this is doing nothing to help the conversation.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I would like to ask you to refrain from using that in the future. We are all trying to be positive here and lift each other up.
Please do not use racist words thank you
Please do not use offensive remarks thanks.
Please don't make offensive remarks in you comments thank you
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
The term you have used can be seen as very offensive to others even if you didn't realize it. You need to be more careful with your words!
Using harsh language and name calling leads to pointless arguments.
I understand you are expressing anger but the term you have used is very offensive towards the disabled community. Be more careful.
Foul language should be replaced with more appropriate words.
The terms you have used are offensive and disrespectful to the LGBT community. You need to be more careful with your choice of words!
The term you have used is disrespectful and offensive to the disabled community! You need to be more careful with your choice of words.
Speaking down on someone speaks volumes about one's character.
The terms used are offensive towards other women who are not a part of this conversation. You need to use safer word choices!
Wow! there is no place for that type of vulgar language on this feed. Do not put down another person culture.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your intellect.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Please do not use that sexually vulgar term when talking about the female sex.
Your argument would be more effective if you didn't use that slur.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult to others.
When you use a word like that it makes me not want to continue listening to your perspective.
Do not reply if you cannot avoid using that sexually vulgar term on this feed.
Those words essentially make your argument invalid.
Please do not use a hateful term regarding a persons sexual orientation and use that vulgar sexual term.
It's hard to take your argument seriously when you use those sorts of slurs.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
The word loses its shock by the third time.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment
This word is hurtful to people with mental and intellectual disabilities.
E doesn't intrinsically denote any gender. Before you comment on another language learn a little more about it.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That word is hurtful to female-identifying individuals.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The r-word is out of date and intentionally hurtful to specific groups of people.
Repeated reflexive and knee-jerk use of  variants of "ret--d" as a pejorative are hateful and offend the mentally disabled.
She is actually very talented and it's uncalled for to call her something so mean.
You might not be aware but this term is viewed as offensive to others especially women. There are different words you can use. Be careful!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
You are being very offensive to the LGBT+ community and need to be more careful with your words. These words can be very harmful to others.
Both the reflexive use of the work "f-g" and its variants and such hateful and venomous targeting of the gay community are forbidden here.
You may not have meant it in this way but the term you used can be offensive to others such as women. Be more careful with your words!
Calling anyone a "stupid tw-t" is hateful infantile and forbidden in this forum.
I don't think your mothers would appreciate you speaking like that.
The terms you have used here are not necessary and very offensive to other communities such as the disabled. You need to use better words.
Using such terms as "autistic" and "ret--d(ed)" offends the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided here.
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Just because someone likes the same sex doesn't mean they are less than you.
Maybe try atchually using the PC word for it.
Name calling the people you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
Can just call her a dumb lady
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Offensive terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Derogatory slang term for females is not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts?  It adds nothing valuable to the discussion.
Threats of violence and derogatory terms for females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.
Native American terms used improperly and remarks about mental disabilities are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the discussion in this thread.
Sexist remarks and derogatory terms for mentally disabled and females are not permitted
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Perhaps we don't know the whole situation
Language that demeans someone based on their gender isn't ok.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
People are entitled to their own opinions. If someone likes or wants to support the company let them. Go vote with your money elsewhere.
Insulting someone based on a disability is not ok
Next time maybe use astricks instead of the full word since it can be hurtful to a lot of people. Or just don't use it at all.
Insulting someone because of their race or gender is no way to treat a person.
Your account has been suspended. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Please review our user policies. Thank you.
That's a lot of hate all at once. I feel like when someone calls out something racist you should listen to what they have to say
Women still face way more work discrimination. There's no need to get mad just because they want to be equals in the workforce
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
We insist that out of respect for your fellow Redditors you refrain from such terms in the future. Thank you in advance for your cooperation
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. Please review our user policies. This is a first warning. Thank you.
Ableist insults like that only promote discrimination and stigmatization against people with mental health concerns/conditions
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and or mental disabilities. Please review our user policies. Thank you in advance.
While your feelings are valid using ableist slurs to refer to someone's intelligence is detrimental.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
Use of a word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities distracts from the meaning of an argument.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I don't believe hate of all women is warranted in this situation.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
A word that is derogatory towards people with mental disabilities is not useful when trying to add meaning.
Confusing deranged or nonsensical are words that are less emotionally charged with hate than the word that you used to described leftists.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this and her point still standers no matter how dismissive you pretend to be.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Wow. You seem like a very angry individual.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
It's fine if we have different opinions but there's no need to attack.
Racism and sexism go both ways. The better method of combatting privilege is to educate the future not destroy it.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
There's no need to use that language if you disagree. That can be offensive and I would appreciate just leaving it.
Her bellicosity is a result of more than her genetics. Initiating violence would only justify her to those around her.
You seem to be using the misogynistic slur "cunt" to demean this woman specifically on the basis of her sex in a hateful manner.
I get that you're upset but please remember that that's not a good word to call anyone.
It's difficult to taut your maturity so soon after resorting to namecalling. The most effective means of disputing something is with reason.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Whats the point of the hateful language directed at unrelated irrelevant topics? I can't imagine it serves you an actual purpose.
Language that demeans based on disability or sexual orientation is not ok
Insults based on gender are not ok
A brand name is supposed to draw customers in not automatically eliminate an entire market based on solely it's name.
Insults based on race or nationality are not ok
Insults based on disability are not ok
Retard" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Agreed. Not a great way to make your case.
Looks like you need to do some fact checking before tossing your opinion in the ring. Language is inexcusable in this context.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
All this is so unnecessary. All of you should leave. Take your quarrel somewhere else.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using name calling and foul language speaks volumes about your character.
Name calling isn't an effective way to describe someone's personality.
Name calling speaks volumes about your character.
Using a vulgar term like that shows a serious lack of respect.
Please don't use that word. It's okay if we don't agree on things but I do wish you would leave it at that.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Funny that you seem to have been offended so you then choose to use an offensive term to show that youre offended
I understand your frustration
Regardless of intent the blas way that you use autism in a negative way here is hurtful towards people who actually have autism.
We get it. You don't like SJWs. No reason to offend homosexuals in the process.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It adds nothing of substance to the conversation in this thread.
Woah! Please do not use hateful terms regarding someones sexuality.
I understand your frustration but the C word is highly offensive to women and you'd get your point across better without it.
Please refrain from the use of hateful misogynistic language in your posts.  It is adding nothing of substance to the conversation here.
Wow. There is no place for that term here when referring to women.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Woah avoid using those hateful and sexually crass terms when posting on the feed.
Sounds like a real asshole but you shouldn't use a word that's so offensive to women to express that.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the conversation in this thread.
Withdraw from using those hurtful terms when talking about individuals and their actions
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
Using "c--t" debasively is hateful and is not to to used in this forum.
Using the word 'cunt or cunty' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Using the words 'cunt and bitch' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
If you are really feeling this strongly about someone try and take time to calm down before you post. There is no reason to be rude.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual orientation (incel) and gender (cunt). dont us such words.
If this is a joke it was not funny. You can make a joke without having to use harsh language.
You're account is suspended. Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. You can appeal this ban by emailing a Moderator. Thank you.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
If you are making a joke there are better funnier ways to do that without having to resort to hate speech. It only detracts from your post.
Its inappropriate to use words that directly attack one based on their sexual preferences (incel and faggot) and gender (cunt).
Do not discuss hate speech by using hate speech there are ways to avoid this. Name calling also does not add to the conversation.
Using the word 'twat' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
A different word would describe the person and situation better without detracting from your post and its meaning.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
You can use a word that is more descriptive that dds to your post without having to use hate speech.
When you use words like those it's very hard to engage in a discussion with you.
Misogynist is new to me but I really like how you said your gf helped you. We want to help the men in our lives and grow as a couple.
When talking about others and their beliefs and quoting them be the bigger person. Do not use the same language as them.
I don't agree that the man should pay for the child. Only the biological parent should ever be legally responsible.
If you feel this way you can find a better way to express it. Also try thinking about why you feel this way.
I'd be more inclined to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
You may find it funny but not every southern person does. So they should try to be considerate of all people.
That is a bit extreme. I would just get up and go on the couch or tell him to. We may not know the whole story.
If you feel this strongly about someone try explaining and thinking about why. There are also more descriptive less harsh words to use.
I am glad to hear the New York Times is getting into this and asking feminist the right questions. Maybe we can hear them out.
If you really like this artist then there is no reason to be so brash. You can describe what you dislike better.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Please do not use derogatory language for women.
name calling isn't helping your argument especially when in doing so you do the very thing you claim others do
Asexuality only affects those who are asexual. Politics have no place in sexual preference and they are human all the same.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
People wander from their original point when nervous or anxious in speeches. Even Jeff Dunham has done so while on stage and he's a pro.
Please do not use derogatory language for intellectual disabilities.
Speaking like this is ridiculous. Both genders have issues. All people have issues.
I'm not sure how any of you think this was not offensive. Of course he got down voted he's generalizing an entire group of women.
That lady is entitled to her opinion but she should realize it's important to stop undermining the importance of those murals.
Obviously she was newsworthy but if you disagree with her that doesn't give you the right to talk about her like that have some civility.
It's just the internet guys...
Hey while the facts are clear have some respect and act like adults. Treat each other like humans not as some computer screens.
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
i think kindly on your attitude towards other cultures but then you toss out the 'r' word. think! i can tell you are trying.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Hi There Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
cmon man you dont have to offend a whole gender to use one word about a person who isnt real. lol.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and offensive. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
you guys should use a real word or actually say something relevant.
Hi There Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thanks
you guys are still early in two centuries ago. no one will even listen to that argument.
Mocking someone because of a disablity is not acceptable.
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Languiage that disparages based on sexual orientation isn't acceptable
Its inappropriate to use 'faggots' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Demeaning someone based on their gender isn't ok
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Mocking someone with a disability isn't ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Retarded" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It contributes nothing productive to the conversation in this thread.
Try to see things from their perspective.  It's hard to live in a society that doesn't accept you.
"Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts contributes nothing productive to this thread.  Please refrain from doing so in the future.
Retardation" is a harmful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts adds nothing of value to your argument or the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
It's against terms of service to use words like that.  Please tone it down
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It adds nothing of value to the discussion of the sub
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I get that he came at you pretty hard but watch the wording.  You're dropping to their level.
I get the points both of you are making but your foul language and racist comments draw attention from your arguments.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to insult others because of their gender.
Insults based on disability are not ok
There's no reason to call people names. They're not harming you in any way.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on gender are not ok
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
Insults based on disability are not ok
Using the word 'retarded' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Your comment has nothing to do with OP's original comment - relevancy please.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I'd like to know what she said in court too but that dones't justify your use of name calling. It reduces interest in your comments.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
started out really well.
Dude calm down. Women are not divided solitarily into those two categories alone. That's as unfair and as biased as the original post.
Hate speech is not tolerated on Reddit. We ask that you refrain from it's use in order to prevent account suspensions. Thank you in advance.
Wow any one that is saying vile comments towards any person for race sexual preference etc is in the wrong.
Use of said term will not be tolerated on Reddit. Reddit is for everyone. We ask that you review our user policies. Thank you.
I can see your point that it's not smart to share personal info but the offensive name isn't really necessary to make your point.
Let's try to find another way to express ourselves without a derogatory term.
Such language is not tolerated on Reddit. Please find a different term or we will be forced to take further action.
I understand why this is frustrating but I'm sure you could come up with another way of expressing this without namecalling.
Reddit is for everyone including those with physical and mental disabilities. We insist you refrain from such terms in the future.
For people that are mentally challenged something they can't help that's hurtful to speak of them in that term.
Please don\'t use the term "retard
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Name calling is not an effective way to get your point across.
I can see that you're trying to combat this rhetoric but I wish you wouldn't use this language to do it.
I don't think that using words which a derogatory to one's gender identity belong in meaningful conversation.
Your bigotry isn't advance the conversation at all.
I'm not sure why you would use these identities as an insult.
I don't think words that demean a person with a mental disability belong in meaningful conversation.
You shouldn't use such offensive terms if your goal is to engage in an actual discussion on this topic.
This has nothing to do with people who have disabilities.
Please don't make offensive remarks thanks.
Using the word "retard" to describe someone is offensive to people with mental disabilities
You're making a joke about rape which is a very serious traumatic even that can happen to a person and you should have more empathy
Please do not use offensive language towards people thank you.
Retard is an offensive term for people with intellectual disabilities and you should have more empathy
There's no need to call her those names. The court hasn't ruled her guilty or innocent so it is not our place to assign blame.
That isn't a very positive response... She is very wrong and I doubt she has a heart at all but I don't see how the system failed.
Women are just as valuable members of society as men.
I am shocked that throwing acid on someone wasn't considered a violent offense which requires the min of 3/4 of a sentence be served.
No allegations can be called that; all are valid if made with evidence to back them up. There is no need for blanket statements.
This is wrong and I'm a female. Everyone gets paid the same based off their performance which is determined by customers.
Other's sexual orientations are not yours to judge. Just because you disapprove does not make it wrong.
BrokeBack Mountain was the first film I saw that truly showed a relationship between two men that I understood.
I understand you're expressing anger
There is no need to be so rude to someone you do not even know; you have no reason to talk about her as such.
Wow 229k followers is a lot so I guess someone likes her.
Please refrain from hateful name-calling and default to a more universally accepted term! Thank you for understanding.
The butt grapper should be chraged as well
Pease take caution in the types of words you use! These can be seen as derogatory and offensive to others. Thanks for understanding!
I would be trying to make money on all those clicks from your posted links
This word is historically considered derogatory and offensive. Please refrain from its use and instead use more universally accepted words!
Woah please be careful in the words you use! These types of words are historically considered offensive and derogatory.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less intelligent.
Using the word 'retardatio' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using the word 'retard' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Hey there Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Thank you
Hey there racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported. Thx
Name calling the person you dislike isn't going to solve anything.
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'cunt' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
Hi there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thank you
Using the word 'retardation' is offensive to the mentally disable since its a direct attack to their disability. Refrain from such words.
Dreads are kind of cool I agree. But not on everyone. There is no facts that dreads equal a criminal either.
Although I agree with how you are defending African Americans I do not agree with how you are using the word retarded. Be kind.
Using the word 'cunts' is offensive as its a direct attack to someone based on their gender. Refrain from such words
I really don't know what Boob Physics is but it sounds like they want to tone down women in gaming. I say leave it alone.
Social Justice Warriors are expressing their personal views. I notice you are too but being respectful will get you further in life.
Its inappropriate to use faggotry' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
Loki is awesome!  Even my daughters think he's amazing!
Its inappropriate to use faggot' as its a direct attack to someone based on their sexual orientation.
I am pretty sure it wasn't to ruin your marriage specifically. Try to remain calm it'll all work out.
Using that word is very offensive to the LGBTQ community. I see you are angry but you should express your anger in a more positive way.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Let's watch the language please. This is not necessary.
How do you if he's retarded? Is he slow?
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
That comment was not necessary.
This conversation is getting heated but you need to watch the language please.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch your language. This is not appropriate.
A lot of these responses are toeing the line yourself included. Please be careful.
There isn't a need to use derogatory language against gay people.
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
There's no reason to insult others. They're not harming you in any way.
please do not use offensive language.
I don't see a reason why it's okay to attack others with profanity.
please do not use offensive language
please do not use offensive language
Retarded" (or any derivative) is a hateful word that is used to demean people with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from language such as "amerifags" and "retarted" in your posts.  It is considered hate speech regardless of the context.
Politics today is the hardest thing to talk about with anyone. I just try to avoid it all together in person that is.
Totally argue with the fact he could of just got her out stop feeding the argument and drove off.
Refrain from using the term "cunts" to refer to women. Many users find this to be offensive regardless of the context.
So disrespectful to attack like that. My parents would of never allowed any of that.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with intellectual disability and should not be used.
Refrain from using the term "retarded." Many people find it offensive regardless of the context.
This shouldn't even be a topic. You take a woman out on a date one time and that doesn't equal sex. He looks desperate now.
Twitter went in on her hard. I don't agree with her argument but they could ease up a little.
Attacking someone's gender does not further this discussion.
You can make your point without name calling.
Hate speech toward someone's gender really hurts the points you are trying to make.
We dont need to resort to name calling.
This is a discussion that needs to be had. Just without the hate speech towards the disabled.
There are better ways to express yourself than using offensive words.
slurs against the disabled are seriously uncalled for
Lets not use derogatory statements to call something stupid.
That is true. If women keep knocking men than their just refusing the sexism onto men. Which isn't right.
Hate speech towards the disabled does not strengthen your point. In fact it does the opposite.
There are plenty of insults to use without resorting to hate speech.
Attacking someone's sexual preferences is not a way to win an arguement
Just use the term homosexual. It's not highly offensive like what you said.
"Retarded" is antiquated and frowned upon. Don\'t be antiquated and frowned upon
Using that word is simply not necessary.
"Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
The word homosexual is not an insult.
Aren't you just reinforcing the things she said by referring to her in those terms?
There is no reason that you needed to use such an offensive term to get your point across.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use misogynistic slurs.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I could take your opinion more seriously if you didn't feel the need to use the ableist slur.
Using the term "retar-ed pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
It's hard to take your comment seriously when you feel it's okay to use ableist slurs.
"Retard" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I understand what you're saying but the colour of their skin has nothing to do with it.
Stop with the racial bashing.
No need for the racial stereotyping of bigoted comments. Try and make your point in a less offensive way and you'll be taken more seriously
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Stop bashing peoples' sexual choices.
There is definitely sensationalism over video games. I don't know if date-rape should have a place in this conversation.
Replacing the foul language will get others to want to read your input more.
All I know is if the right is recruiting gamers than the left must be too.
I hear this story a lot on both sides. Good thing you found out now before it was too late and you had kids.
I am not too sure but my son said Gamergate is real and that once you go that way the industry is done.
People will certainly take your point of view into consideration more if you would leave out the foul language.
I agree that a sub on anticensorship should be open to free speech but we also must have limits. Just behave.
Use of the r-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of a disability.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Refrain from sexually explicit language.  Omit profanity when describing gender specific's.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
n/a
Note: this word is roundly no longer acceptable in civilized discourse because it is hurtful and offensively denigrates people who are gay.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
n/a
This is an offensive term. Please adjust your language.
A term that is meant to be demeaning to women doesn't have to be used to describe what moderators of a website are doing that you dislike.
I understand what you're trying to say but please watch the language.
Putting it like that's just giving them more fuel for their fire.
Hateful words don't add to a discussion and elicit negative emotions.
Watch the language please.
Stop using gender based insults.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It wasn't necissary to use that word
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the word "retarded" as an insult is hateful to people with mental delays and should not be used here.
This word is politically incorrect
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech and must stop.
This is an offensice term
That term is offensive and doesn't help your argument any
Don't you think that words can carry negative connotation? Freedom of speech doesn't mean speech can't be hateful.
That was an unoriginal and immature response.
Say that to the people who believe in that philosophy.
No need to sound like a twelve year old.
Your point could have been made without the vitriol.
Why should we demonize peoples' political ideals? Healthy debate should be based on the effects of ideals
Your point could have been complete without the addition of the word cunts.
Seems a bit harsh? Maybe an oversight
Using the 'r' word means you're either stuck in the early 2000s or a 12 year old.
Your comment is only trying to rile people up with hate.
Your hateful comments and attitude are exactly what they're against.
Stop bodyshaming and using gender based insults.
That word is really offensive and doesn\'t just mean "stupid" like you assume it does.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
That might be how it is in your family but in families with stay at home moms the woman does the majority of unpaid work!
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
This sexist comment is why I left in the first place and will do so again.
Stop with the gender based insults!
I hope you don't teach your daughters to use that hurtful word in school.
Don't use medical conditions as an insult.
You could just say this woman is insecure.. and leave it at that!
The words used here are inappropriate.
Other words you might use would be stupid or dumb. More PC
To be taken seriously try using adult language.
Please be respectful and not use such vile words.
Being derisive to women is not a good thing. Try to be a little more politically correct in your language.
Using those words are offensive and uncalled for.
Generalizing women this way is wrong and an attack. They do not 'need beatings' and this is no way to treat somebody based on their gender.
It is your right to believe women should be held to the same standards but is not right to condone and promote such violence.
There is no reason for you to use that type of offensive language against individuals.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinions but there's no need for you to direct such nastiness to the woman.
Do not post on here if you cannot refrain from using vulgar sexual terms.
Stop using inappropriate sexual language when voicing your opinions.
hey there stop using offensive words based on someones sexual orientation to voice your opinions.
Your argument about these people's behavior is lost when you use diminutive language.
Please try to use language that respects those with different abilities.
Incels lack a romantic partner even though they desire one.   Therefore your labeling them as "rapists and pedofiles" is of poor judgement.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards those with different abilities.
Please try to use language that is respectful towards individuals with different abilities.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Even if it feels justified to use the c-word for a person the word itself is hurtful and hateful towards women and not acceptable.
We should treat women with respects. After all men were born from women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
This comment includes language that is deemed vulgar and offensive and has been flagged.
Using ableist language is not acceptable. If you cannot make your point without it keep your point to yourself.
This comment includes language deemed offensive and vulgar and has been reported to moderator for review.
These comments include language that is offensive and vulgar. The user has been reported for suspension of their account.
No. You cannot use that word. Now that you've received warnings from multiple sources further use will lead to a ban.
This language is offensive and defamatory. User has been reported to moderator and will be booted from further commentary.
There's no need for such sexist language. Further use of hate speech will lead to suspensions or bans.
There are likely more productive ways to get your message across.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please try to be respectful of others' sexual orientations.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
You need to find a better way to describe women besides your trivial attempts.
I am confident that you could have expressed yourself there without using such a highly offensive term.
Try to keep your anger down and be civil.
Being angry is fine but try different descriptive words for women.
I truly understand your hatred for your ex-wife but there's still no reason to potentially offend other innocent women with that term.
Do not be so bigoted.
Wow. Very edgy. Being as offensive as possible will never be funny or get your point across effectively.
Other words you might use. Dumb or stupid.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You should refrain from including the hateful ableist insults in your comments; it adds nothing to your argument or the sub's conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
You aren't helping your argument when you use misogynistic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using the terms "c--t" and "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive; their ill-considered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
"Ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using that word in a conversation about video games is really jarring and immature.
There is no reason to say this hateful word. It should be exchanged for something else. This will show your point more clearly.
Think of the disabled people that you have known before you use a word like that.
Instead of just name calling actually contribute to the conversation with a thought filled response.
You are knowingly breaking the rules. If you want to stay in the subreddit and be able to add to the conversation then follow the rules.
Hey I can see that you're frustrated but this is a pretty closeminded thing to say.
Your name calling does not add to the conversation and I am confused as to why you are name calling in the first place. Try to be more clear
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
How original an insult... /s
I think adoption is a worthwhile suggestion
Sheesh throwin' women under the bus here...
You apparently can't handle being considered offensive.
You hate LGBT people and women how "tough" of you /s
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
There are more specific terms to define political affiliation that don't attack someone for their beliefs
Political views have nothing to do with being pulled over for speeding.
Offensive language doesn't add to the conversation.
n/a
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We all have an opinion and that doesn't mean the other is mentally impaired. I get what you're saying and I agree.
Don't use medical conditions to bash others or pick on other peoples' political choices.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
Global warming is overrated but our planet is definitely going through some changes. I think more natural ones though.
Please don't bash people due to their race or gender.
As a woman I can tell you that word is one of the worst things you can call us.
Please don't bash people due to their gender.
Your comment violates Reddit hate speech policy defined by a direct attack on people based on protected characteristics.
We don't need more rights per say. We just want equal rights and equal pay.
Women don't get any special passes but many men do attempt to treat us more delicately because we're not a man.
Watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
If you wanna not look stupid you should not use terms like "aspergers person". Just some advice.
Not sure what's going on but all of you need to watch your language. This is not acceptable.
Call them by any other name and you're fine.
Just because you're an actress doesn't mean your not telling the truth. There's a difference between acting and lying like that.
Watch the language please. This isn't appropriate.
Re--rd" and its variants as used here offend many and should be avoided.
Please take caution in using such words filled with aversion and instead use text that is more acceptable.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
The words you say are demonstrating a wounding picture to others so please try more genial communications.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That may be an unintelligent thing to do but insulting people based on intelligence is a mean thing to do.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Wow whether you think something is wrong or not doesn't mean you should insult the intellectually disabled.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
You can disagree with something that is happening whithout calling degatory names. Using that language dismisses a lot of people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
These terms are offensive towards other group.  It's not necessary to use them as an insult on social media.
Using that language is offensive. People who have disablities should be treated equal and not put down.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Retard" is a very hurtful derogatory term. It would be better to use "mentally ill".
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
Using ableist slurs makes it hard to take you seriously.
Retard" is a hurtful derogatory term. It is an insult to mentally ill people.
Please use language that is respectful of women and different abilities.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Please use language that is respectful towards different cultures and sexual orientations.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive language.
Using the c-word to insult a female is offensive and hurtful.
Ask the person to not refer to feminists in such a negative tone.
Use of hurtful and offensive slurs really downgrades the discussion here and is unacceptable.
Don't refer to the woman with those offensive terms
I get your point
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't call the judge a retard just because you don't agree with his decision.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using the term retard in that context is offensive
Trans people make the choice to be who they are. They're still people and deserve to be treated with respect.
Refrain from using abusive and derogatory language.  Remove sexually explicit words
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Avoid language that insults those with developmental disabilities
Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Refrain from word(s) [retarded]. Explicit profanity against developmentally challenged.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I still am confused as to how you're not a man or woman.
The "N word" (even in this use) is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong here.
I don't think anyone should be referred as a white or black person. We are all people period. Stop the racial profiling.
McCaskill is a little too much with the agenda.
There's no need to use that word here you can call them unfunny without being rude.
I am white and I only hear that term used when making fun of someone or trying to be funny within the culture so it depends on content.
There's no need to be so rude she wouldn't comment on your weight so why are you commenting on hers?
I rather tell the driver which way to go sometimes because I might know a faster/cheaper route.
Both those words are offensive and you can vent your frustration at them without being rude.
The whole GamerGate thing is out of hand and needs to be closed out already.
It takes away from your argument when you can't get your point across without swearing.
Please cease the comments that are nasty and hurtful to the innocent.
Please eliminate the speech that is contemptuous and use language that is more hospitable.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You don't need to offend all homosexuals to express the fact you don't like the parties involved. Just an FYI
I can tell that you are passionate about the topic but please convey your thoughts in a way that is not so damaging to others.
A lot of good people had a lot of bad things done to them having to do with that hateful word you're throwing around. it's the 21st century
There are plenty of other words that you could have used to convey that opinion. Slurs won't strengthen your opinion.
Woah man don't cut yourself on that edge.
Using bitch and retarded as insults is hate speech do not use such language here
"Stupid" or its 50 other synonyms could have sufficed here. America can have questionable rules but that doesn\'t mean you need to use slurs
Using retards as an insult is hateful do not do it.
"I don\'t agree with this political group so I\'m gonna use slurs!! That\'ll show them." - you probably. Do us all a favor and grow up.
Even though I might agree with the content in some of the posts
Using "b--ches" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret--ds" or "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I am not sure what the previous post was as it was removed
I think you can come up with a better insult. That word is hurtful to many people.
The use of "ret--ds" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's funny because Trump supports authoritarian policies. That said Vagina is not a good insult as women are people.
I still don't fully understand how a lawsuit to help Asian's will also help us.
If the Attorney General says it's fine than it must be.
Speaking of hurtful your comment is extremely so. You post this because you want to be validated but it's unacceptable.
If I find a meme that's hurtful I simply scroll past it or click to not follow that person; simple.
Whether or not OP is unintelligent is irrelevant to the discussion they were trying to provoke.
I cannot understand this argument between anime and fascism.
You're spamming offensive content. There is nothing wrong with being gay and I'm reporting you to the mods.
Serena Williams is beautiful but she has a terrible temper.
Offensive language isn't really adding to the conversation.
Your sentiment is right but this subreddit has strict rules about certain language. Please watch this in the future.
This is inappropriate. Please watch the language.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Using ableist slurs don't add anything to the conversation.
Not sure what's going on here but this is toeing a line. Be Careful.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Offensive language isn't making you seem as intelligent as you think you are.
This is all bordering on sexism and is frankly plain ignorant. Please consider using different words.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This conversation is absurd and borders on hate speech. Let's watch the language please.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Using language that is violent against people with disabilities makes everything you're saying seem invalid. It makes you seem ignorant.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Stop using medical conditions racism and political propaganda as insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Using language that's violent towards people with disabilities just maesk you sound ignorant and makes people distrust your argument.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
There's absolutely no reason to use that word to get your point across. Many females find it highly offensive.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability and race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The woman's behavior stands for itself. You don't need to insult a whole gender to express your displeasure.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Just because you don't like the woman doesn't make it necessary to use such an offensive term. All it does is make you look bad too.
Please refrain from using slurs against the disabled.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please do not use hate speech against the disabled.
1: Calling her those names doesn't actually show what she did wrong. And using those names undermines your arguments.
The words "bit-h" and "c--t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Hate speech against someone's gender and death threats will not be tolerated.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Slurs against someone's gender or race will not further this conversation and is unacceptable.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Refrain from using hate speech about someone's gender.
Using ableist slurs isn't gonna help you get respect from anyone.
Do not use a mental disability for your own personal insult.
Some people dedicate years of their life to manual labor. They work long days because no one else will and often do overtime.
Do not use that type of offensive sexual language when responding.
Feminism isn't about abandoning anything. It's to get paid equally and respected as a human being rather being seen as a lesser species.
Avoid using hateful terms and sexual terms when responding to others.
Educating is far more effective of a tool than degradation.
Using ableist slurs in an attempt to deflect doesn't really make you seem very level headed.
Please avoid insulting others with terms tat deal with disabilities.
Political party holds no title to be demeaned as they just mean a set of beliefs not facts.Free speech comes at a cost.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid its use.
You cross over into being a dick when you can't seem to develop a vocabulary beyond a few hateful words.
Please don't use offensive language like this.  We need constructive debates in order to make progress.
Calling your debate opponent autistic or "ret--ded" with no evidence for either is not helping your position.
It's one thing to not agree with a lifestyle
The harmful and offensive language is  completely unnecessary.  If this is how you feel about things then please keep them to yourself
"Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Yes this term is incredibly offensive and has no place being used in this forum.  Keep your negative opinions and attitudes to yourself.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
That is just awful. Anyone taking advantage of a bedridden person is just evil. I hope she's in jail.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Racism and sexism are not acceptable on this site. Continue to use such language and receive an IP ban.
"Ret--d(ed)" "c--t" and "b--ch" are all offensive terms of hate; please find a way to express your opinion without them.
If you can't make a point without ableist language then you'll face a suspension. If you then continue to post hate speech you'll be banned
I actually did see this and I don't think any part of the game was racist at all.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it certainly detracts from your message.
Your points fall flat if you need to rely on ableist language to make them. Continued use of such language can lead to a ban.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided because it targets all women.
No matter your reason refrain from using sexist language or face a suspension or possible ban.
I have been hurt by many men in my life
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There's no excuse for ableist language. Continued use will lead to a suspension.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Please convey your thoughts in a way that is not disgraceful to others.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally ill
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women as its a direct attack based on gender
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your words are quite abrasive so please limit the hurtful comments.
Using the word 'retarded' as an insult is a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Haha I've never seen someone be that vocally afraid of women.
Send out your comments with more congenial expressions please.
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack based on gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please communicate your opinions in a manner that is more congenial.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to women since its a direct attack to the mentally disabled
Sad that you think it's okay to use ableist slurs in an attempt to add to the discussion.
2. inadequate expression: "piss poor retarded attempt
While the legal defense may have been poor bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unwarranted.
Sad that you think it's funny to use misogynistic slurs in an attempt at humor.
2.  " a shit about your mom being dead"\n3.  " sex with the corpse"\n4.  sex his dead mom \n7. "fuck OP"\n8. "fucking cunt"
Your mother would be ashamed of you. Stop using the c word.
1 firecracker\n3 stupid bot\n4 what a cracker\n6 cracker\n7 newmug\n8 retard bot\n9 newmug\n10 cunt
Hey maybe the bot is right. Let's not use slurs.
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
2  "only retards believe in"
While astrology may be dubious pseudoscience bringing the intellectually disabled into this is unfair.
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of comprehension of the topic.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Name calling doesn't make any points.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This foul language shows a lack of intelligence.
You should not use that word to talk about women. It is very offensive
Stop using gender based insults.
It is ok for you to express your opinion but you could do it without using that word to describe this women.
Stop using gender based insults.
Stop using a medical condition to insult others.
I don't know what that word means but I think it's hate speech. Think about how you'd feel if someone called you that.
Think about how you would feel if someone said that to you. Also reported for using hate speech.
Guys people have been killed over this dichotomous us-versus-them discourse before. Let's not use hate speech and treat each other kindly.
Let's just accept that there are extremists on both ends of the spectrum and move on. Attacking them like this only fuels their fire.
Speaking of rape intellectually disabled people are  more likely to experience sexual assault! Their lives are awful let's not insult them
This discourse is great. It's important that we share different opinions but attacking people like this will drop your credibility.
Homeless people are not helpless. Some do have mental illness and we do nothing to help them. Others are lost in a failed system.
Someone needs to learn to hold a conversation without using childish insults.
If you stopped all that negative commenting I might be able to understand the topic of conversation.
I think only a woman is a lesbian but I might be wrong.
It's okay to not want to reproduce with someone you don't find attractive. You cannot prevent someone from finding a more suitable mate.
The use of foul language makes the point that is trying to be made that much harder to understand.
Stop using gender based insults.
Her rack has nothing to do with what happened to her. Objectifying a woman while also insulting her isn't okay.
Talking about women in such a manner shows a serious lack of respect.
Stop using gender based insults.
That word doesn't really apply. You never know who has a kid or a sibling that has had that word thrown at them in the ugliest way.
The use of foul language makes it difficult to see the point that was trying to be made.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions and political choices as insults.
The concept of a woman raping a man is new to me but I can see how it's possible.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I wish the USA had $10 daycare when my kids were small!
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I'm sure Our Lord would agree with the 1st part
Perhaps the airline just didn't know she was a doctor. Wow that is a bit much.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The whole thing is a mess. I am a white person who likes to write letters and 9/10 times I get what I ask for.
Please refrain from using racist and derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I'd be more interested in hearing your side of this if you didn't use that word.
A woman should never be refered to with that term no matter what her behavior.
When you use a word like that it reflects poorly on your character.
You should consider burden someone has wtih a metal disability and how difficult it mus be for their loved ones. Also Homophobia is not OK.
It's really hard to want to listen to you when you use words like those.
Would you feel the same way if someone sexually assaulted your mother because a man bought her a drink and felt entitled to ?
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Most people of all races aren't bilingual.
You can't really correct people while being insultive even if they're obviously wrong.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are people that find words offensive based on experience
We are all global citizens and we should be mindful of that in the 21st century.
While both parties might be in the wrong hate speech isn't warranted.
Just because you may not like someone you still should not call them derogatory names
I seriously doubt people are actually 'triggered' by winter. Also don't use hate speech towards the intellectually disabled.
Hey guys if we want people to view us as being in the right we shouldn't use hate speech like the r-word.
The 'r' word is incredibly offensive and I think everyone should refrain from using it
Hey let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled and not lump them in with frivolous lawsuit makers.
The 'r' word is really offensive you shouldn't be using it
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Here
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The terms "f--g(ot)" and the "n-word" are offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Stop gender bashing.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
The word 'faggot' needs to reconsidered here
Stop using words to bash sexual choices of others.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Its not right to use the word 'autistic' the way you have
Please stop gender bashing and using serious medical conditions to express yourself.
The R word isn't a joke. All people deserve respect
stop using medical conditions as insults.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
No need to attack women.
Do not use that word.  It is incredibly offensive and has no place in conversations.
Sorry people aren't all the same like you.
You can't define someone by their sexuality as people act out of their perceived norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
People of all kinds have needs. Try to have an open mind.
Everyone deserves to be treated with respect and that's all that the OP is asking for that doesn't mean that he's needy.
Referring to someone as going "full retard" is obscene and offensive. Try to understand why she is the way she is.
Just because someone disagrees with you doesn\'t make them a "garbage human" or a "retard".
Let's try to keep the language civil.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Offensive slurs aren't really part of an intelligent conversation.
Try to use language that doesn't disparage someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Come on dude.
Can't take anyone seriously when they think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Wow woman hater...
Nobody's gonna listen to you and take you seriously when you use offensive language like that.
This is clearly a hoax. Secondly don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And stop using slurs.
"Cu--ts" and "ret---(ed)" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
Hey terms like that are ableist. Please be more respectful to mentally ill people and don't use them.
Speaking of getting penalized for verbal abuse I'm reporting you to the mods. Stop using slurs.
I cannot believe you would use such language on a public forum. I am your grandmother and I am horrified.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
You are simultaneously talking down to a person for their rude words
Wow guys let's try respecting women and the intellectually disabled a little more.
"Cu--t(s)" and "ret---ed" are terms of hate and ignorance and have no place in compelling argument
As silly as people sort of panicking about nuking their neighbors is labeling them an offensive term attacking women is not needed.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
C--t(s)" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Those terms are derogatory to black people and women. Now that you are all aware we should learn and move forward from this.
Using the slurs here to insult hurts and demeans alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you do not like the videos but words like those are offensive and demeaning to those with disabilities.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
It would be better to not attack her because she is female. If you disagree with her ideals then debate those not her gender.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You mention class but then use an offensive word attacking a woman just because she is female. Follow your own advice it's quite good.
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
I understand you're trying to make a point but please watch the language.
Even if you don't agree with her behavior there is no reason to identify her with a vulgar name.  We can discuss without insults.
I understand the argument you're trying to make but please watch the language.
This is disturbing and inappropriate. This is your first and only warning.
I understand this is frustrating news but please watch your language.
This language is no longer acceptable. Please adjust.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
We should focus on the topic and not attack someone with racially charged language when criticizing their actions
Using "bi--h" "c--t" and the "n word" all reflect both an enormous amount of bottled anger and a high level of insensitivity. Avoid here.
feminists might have another viewpoint and additional concerns but calling them insulting names is not helpful or acceptable for discourse
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so very offensive that its reflexive and unconsidered use should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
trans people like all people can have opinions that differ from yours and that is ok what is not ok is attacking them for their identity
This use of the "c---" term to refer to another person is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
While that may be of poor quality using hate speech is unwarranted.
I really want people to stop censoring comics. We grew up with these comics this way so leave them alone.
I doubt they are intellectually disabled but if they were it would not change their value as a human.
They need better cameras on there so that she can get arrested.
Waking up to reality can be hard. Like waking up to the reality that you're a terrible person for using hate speech. I wish you luck with it
I am afraid to ask what this dance is all about.
You're not being the person Jesus thought you could be using the c word like that.
Good luck having that profession and ever being taken serious if that really does happen in the future. Terrible thing to lie about.
To use the word cunt is far too abrasive. If you use this language
Perhaps you should take to heart that people are telling you your actions are hurting them.
"retard" and "cousin fucker" don\'t add to the conversation.'
Why do you have to use such harsh language.  You could be much more civilized and your opinions would be much more coherent.
Even if you are trying to defend other people resorting to this language makes you look bad.
Resorting to base namecalling
Why does everyone have to use such offensive language.  just because someone disagrees with you there is no reason to use that language.
This makes the conversation silly and meanspirited when it could have taken another direction.
Stop using racism and sexual choices as insults.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Its kinda like a long running musical its great
Let's maintain maturity and not use words that insult people's sexuality.
Just because someone's name sounds a certain way doesn't mean anything about them that's narrow minded.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Hey let's not treat the intellectually disabled like that. How do you think they feel about being used as insults?
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Here's an idea! Why don't you stop calling women derogatory names and let us have our fun without poisoning the discourse?
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
The use of this slur is offensive and hurtful as it denigrates homosexuals.
I am sure some players enjoy this option
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Resisting arrest is never a good option.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
That is just rude. No one's face should be slapped and no one should be called a cunt face.
Retarded is inappropriate way to classify someone's political stance.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Just because you believe someone is less intelligent than you doesn't mean they need to be called retarded.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Retard is such an offensive word. There are better words to express how you feel about someone without being so offensive.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Something you don't agree with does not need to be called retarded. That word is offensive to a lot of people.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
Just because you don\'t care what someone has to say doesn\'t mean you should tell them to "fuck off" and/or call them a cunt.
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words.
People have the rights to practice any sexuality they deem fit as far as it isn't harming others. We shouldn't insult them for it.
Have the chatbox type*&^% when offensive words are typed in a comment.
Please don't refer to Asians using outdated and derogatory names.
It is considered rude to use derogatory terms regarding a person's disability.
Don't use medical conditions to bash political choices of others.
There is now reason to ever use a term so offensive to disabled people.
Stop gender bashing and using medical conditions to insult others.
Both of you are acting childish. Your entitled to your own opinions but name calling isn't getting either of you anywhere.
We don't need to use insults at all especially though offensive to the disabled.
Don't use gender bashing or medical conditions to insult others.
The 'r' word is offensive and should not be used to further your argument
Can't take you seriously when you have ableism in your comment.
The 'r' word is very offensive and there are other words you could have used to prove your point
Any intelligent thing you had to say is ruined by the ableist slur you included in your comment.
There are better alternatives to using the 'c' word here
The language in these posts is uncalled for.  You don't even know what this person was dealing with so why immediately resort to insulting.
Stop bashing medical conditions gendernationality political choicesreligious choices and sexual choices!
Please refrain from using stereotypes profanity and derogatory remarks about others' sexuality.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
Please refrain from using profanity and referring to individuals based on something outside their control.
Please find a way to relay opinions without resorting to profanity or racial stereotype terminology.
Don't insult medical conditions and political choices.
Please refrain from using terminology that is a direct attack on someone's disability.
Please opt for using other words to define stupid or unlogical actions ot prevent association with mental handicaps.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid.
Name calling speaks volumes to that persons characteristics.
Gender stereotyping should be avoided as it bears no value to this discussion
All of the name calling and foul language takes away from the point that is trying to be made.
The use of name calling and foul language doesn't make the point more valid.
We should still be mindful of what others might think or feel about the issue
Using yours or others personal experience to define non binary as mentally unstable is probably not accurate. See if there are some studies.
Regardless of what they are using you should not fall to their level and start insulting
Its offensive to use 'dyke' as its a direct attack based on someone's sexual orientation
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word 'ttwat'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the term "tw-t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
So people disagreeing with you means they can't function. Gotcha.
Sheesh that took me by surprise. A little aggressive with the insults.
Wow that's aggressive.
Man you seem really angry.
This is incredibly offensive and unacceptable.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I would take your post more seriously if you didn't use vulgar terms referring to people who are homosexual.  Being homosexual is not wrong.
Watch the language. This in inappropriate.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Watch the language. I understand your sentiment but you can avoid that kind of speech.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Let's watch the language. I understand you're quoting an article but you can censor yourselves.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
I understand you don't agree with the law
Watch the language please.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Hey let's not use slurs against the intellectually disabled.
Wow you need to do more research before you come on here and spew hatred.
I'm not sure if your post was meant to be hateful or funny but it was offensive.
Wow way to use hate speech against someone you think is wrong. How understanding of you! So kind.
That kind of language shows a lack of character in my opinion.
Let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive to families/ friends everywhere
Stop using gender based insults.
It's hard to respect anything you have to say when you use ableist slurs in your arguments.
Stop bashing peoples' sexuality and medical conditions.
Stop using gender based insults.
You may have had a good point but it was ruined by the ableist slur.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Avoid using deragatory language when describing people or process'.  Avoid using profanity when describing objects
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid using sexually explicit terms (i.e.  [cunt]   )
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
There's no reason to use that word. It's highly offensive to homosexuals.
Consider using more appropriate terms when describing individuals.  Avoid deragatory terms that are biased towards specific populations
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
Just because you don't agree with the doesn't mean you have to resort to using such derogatory terms.
Avoid using profane language. Omit term [cunt].. Replace deragtory words with socially appropriate terms.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Saying retarded is offensive and ableist.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I don't know if a hair cut comment deserves an attack like that.
The word cunt is offensive to women and you should not use it to describe this woman.
n/a
The word retarded is ableist and offensive.
Let's take personal vendettas out of this feed and somewhere more private if we are calling names and arguing back and forth.
Immigrants and muslims are humans and are not threatening your way of life.
Using that kind of language isn't helping anyone and is irrelevant
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
People can say things spur of the moment that if they reflected on it more they might not. Case in point: the women above... and us too
Who cares what people do as long as it doesn't affect your life at all
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Let's all have high standards... and try to keep this civil!
Generalizations based on race are never a great idea... let's focus on the players themselves
using that language isn't helping anyone
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think any of us can speak for all of one gender... Let's try to just speak for ourselves right?
Derogatory terms are unnecessary.  You could have expressed your opinion without name calling and insults
If a woman made most of the money than legally she must pay alimony. It doesn't matter what he spends it on. Law is law.
Demeaning terms meant to insult people with real legitimate disabilities is uncalled for.  That language should never be used.
People can say the same for every party. Some has merit but not everyone is bad.
Your language is completely uncalled for.  Using a derogatory term directed at people with legitimate disabilities is wrong.
Exactly not everyone is bad. We need to stop grouping everyone into one group.
We all need to calm down. Gender equality is long over due but not to the extreme that we get more than men.
Why would you use this demeaning term to express your opinion about someone that you do not even know.  this was uncalled for.
I love Trump too!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language that attacks someone based on their gender.
Talking down on someone and calling them names isn't going to get anyone to listen to your point of view.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as attacking others for their race.
Name calling and using foul language leads to nothing but pointless arguments.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking about others.
Calling people names and not using much reasoning will not get people to understand your point of view.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when commenting.
Calling names and using foul language does not solve the problem.
But it does make you worthy of basic respect.
It doesn't make you special but it does warrant some extra considerations.
You shouldn't call someone white trash by their looks.
Best to avoid racial slurs
Yeah but it's best not to make sweeping generalizations about people. They both might need some help is all.
This concept of "sjw" needs to die. There is no point to a gender/sex war either. We are all humans and should be working together.
Let's not condemn them so harshly for their behavior. They must be super drunk and are not in control.
Let's watch the language a little bit please.
Stop using gender based insults.
Responding in such a dramatic way to a comment is not going to help to leave a positive impression of your group.
Let's avoid this language. I understand your anger but this borders on misogynistic.
stop using gender based insults.
I can see that you've been upset by this crime but you don't need to treat women this way as a group.
This kind of language isn't acceptable anymore.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
This is a really childish word to use under these circumstances and there was no cause for it.
This kind of language isn't appropriate anymore. Try to be more careful.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
Please don't speak this way about a dead man or his constituents.
Stop using medical conditions and peoples' political choices as insults.
Thinking of your ideological opponents in this way is going to change your ability to think rationally.
Do not allow offensive words to be typed in the chatbox.
While she may be misappropriating the money you turning female genitalia into a slur is just silly.
Vilifying female genitalia and comparing corporate policy to the holocaust are intellectual cop outs to make your points.
To claim someone has an intellectual disability because you don't agree with their opinion is silly.
You could have expressed your opinion in an intelligent way but you decided not to.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help make your point.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not productive
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Don't use that type of hateful language to insult someone.
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further your point in any way.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Using ableist slurs doesn't help further any point you were trying to make.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted.
It's never a sign of intelligence when someone uses an ableist slur.
Racist and offensive slang terms for people with disabliles are not permitted
Can't take you seriously with your use of misogynistic slurs.
Slang terms for female genitalia are not permitted
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the term cunt is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the word retards is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities and against reddit policy.
Using 'faggots' is offensive and inappropriate because its a direct attack based on one's sexual orientation
Use of the term faggot is offensive and against reddit policy.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the term retarded is offensive and against reddit policy.
its inappropriate to use words such as fag and dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Fag and dyke are offensive and against reddit policy.
This type of language isn't acceptable.  If you don't have anything constructive to say
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
This is an extremely derogatory term.  Even though it wasn't specifically directed at someone in particular
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Utilizing that term is extremely demeaning to gay people.  It is a hurtful word that shouldn't be used in this context.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
racist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Don't use such words
Please eliminate the speech that is offensive to those with intellectual disabilities.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please stop the offensive language toward women and use words that are more respectful.
Using "c---"  to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Please look at the words you use against women and communicate with more neutral speech.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
As a female I think that women who lie about rape should be arrested and put in jail for a min of 60 days.
There is a woman trying to express pain and you are making this an unsafe conversation for her.
You should look into the history of these movements it might help you to understand why people are reacting badly to it.
If Hillary took money from her I mean she didn't know the connection. No I am not a Hillary fan
These words are really out of place in this conversation and you should try to be more thoughtful.
This is the world we live in now. Everyone is offended by everything.
You should meet more disabled people and ask them how they feel about this word.
You should try to listen to people who are telling you that they are being hurt.
While I can appreciate the point of view and the sentiment
I agree that small crimes resulting in jail time do create a worse criminals. But the reform should be for everyone.
Although I know everyone is entitled to an opinion
Everyone has different personalities.  I find some people harder to 'read' in general men and women.
Well men and women can be moody but neither are those words.
It's not okay to insult anyone based on just their location or color.  I have lived in the north and south and both can be racist and mean.
Honestly I think every nationality has a tendency to not be socially diverse unless forced. I grew up in a mix community and it's great.
While I agree with the fact that there is embarrassment going on
Good she should be fired. Nobody should be making such false accusations against another person.
Don't insult women by associating us with him
This word is derogatory to women.  It might be a good idea to think about your response before posting it next time.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I don't like her either
This word is extremely offensive to the mentally challenged.  You might want to think about the effects that your words have before posting
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
That response is demeaning to women.  Next time respond withing using offensive language.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The term retarded is highly offensive to the mentally challenged community
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please think about your choice of words so that others aren't wounded with them.
You'd sway more people with that argument if you made it without using such offensive slurs.
It's obviously not as black and white as this. Also you're complaining about be labeled anti feminism but using that word. Interesting.
When you use that word it makes me discount your opinion.
Interesting that you consider yourself so smart but can't think of better ways to express your view
When you say that word it makes me it difficult for me to want to engage in conversation with you.
I hope you can resolve whatever issue is making you so angry at these other groups that you feel the need to only refer to them by slurs
When you use those words they completely invalidate your point.
It's funny how insecure women make you feel. I hope you can find the power to change one day
You'd have a stronger argument if you didn't use such an offensive word.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Ask the person to please refrain from using profanity and name calling.
First step of intervention would be for ppl not to respond to the hater because the first step of ANY intervention is to arrest the behavior
Try to use more descriptive adjectives that are more sensitive to others.
Don't mention the n-word in full unless you're black
delete the whole entire thing and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from swearing and also inappropriate sexual innuendos.
Please don't call people from Appalachia that word
delete the convo and throw both users off the platform
Please refrain from using stereotypes against particular individuals.
You missed the part where you're not supposed to call people slurs based on female genitalia.
suspend the second user.. well the user 1 actually
Please refrain from using sexist and vulgar language.
User 4: please do not accuse people of having intellectual disabilities as a way of insulting them
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't make them less than you.
Fighting hate speech with hate speech is not going to solve anything.
Please do not insult people by saying they have mental disabilities.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't make them less than you.
Please do not claim people have mental disabilities as a way of disparaging them.
Just because someone has a learning disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
Just because someone has a mental disability doesn't mean they are less than you.
can you not respond without being offensive
That term really bothers me.
Well you could have made your point without such strong language.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
you all are out of control. check yourselves
good arguments here but it gets lost in the hate
This is sort of hateful.
another seemingly good potential debate ruined by idiocy
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can get your point across without using the word retarded thank you.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language and mental illnesses as insults.
When you resort to using stupid slurs you know your argument isn't as strong. Grow up.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
"retarded" is so outdated. use something else.
Using such foul language doesn't make a point anymore valid.
I really hope that she didn't commit sexual assault because then it just makes her entire argument false.
Slandering someone in such a way speaks volumes about the people doing it.
The world is going insane with all these gender choices. Just pick one and stick with it already.
The use of such foul language shows a lack of understanding for the topic.
I say it over and over but these topics don't belong in our comics. As a comic lover since a child it's not funny anymore.
The use of foul language make people think there is a lack of understanding of the topic being discussed.
The whole idea of the zombie is getting a little tired but they make a lot of money so it works for the industry.
When discussing a topic
Please eliminate the detestable language and use words that are more fair.
Not only should he sue her but she needs to be arrested. Women like her are why others are not believed when claiming rape.
Take out the negativity please and stick to the concerns.
I wish I could get paid Before actually working. That would be nice.
Please take out the rude remarks and say something productive.
The whole thing is crazy. We are all humans and need to stop this racism already it's 2019.
Pretty funny
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Whoa dude. No need to use that kind of language. It would have been netter if you didn't respond at all.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
It's strange to see the words courtesy and cunt in the same sentence.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
It seems to me your main problem is with her viewpoint not her gender. There's no need to call her a cunt.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that. So depressing.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of thought.
This term is highly offensive. I'm not sure why we can't insult each other without using it. You can get your dislike across in other ways.
Please be nice to each other.
What's really ugly is using terminology that offends an entire gender just to express your distaste.
There's no reason to use that language.
Your participation in this sub along with your choice to use slurs says so much about where you're at in life
We get it. You don't like her. There's no reason to use such an offensive term just to express that.
Just call them a woman.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I wonder if he was arrested if she lied and said he hit her. Hopefully a video was taken.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
All women want is respect and to be paid equally simple.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Rick will probably win this case too.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Being a celebrity or known in a city isn't all that great. It attracts a lot of different types of unwanted company.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
As Americans we all really need to come together and stop seeing color. We all bleed red so we're all the same deep inside.
I don't think that you should spend your time disputing numbers backed by research.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People are allowed to critique institutions that serve them even if they're not a part of them.
Wow angry at women for something so simple. Come on dude.
If you are really worried about injustice you shouldn't be using that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't supporting your argument to jump right to this kind of anger.
Yup because misogyny means you're right! /s
Interesting that that's all you could come up with to comment on the situation
Using female genitals as an insult is outdated and unacceptable.
That kind of language is an attack on her female identity.
You could make your point without disrespecting individuals with mental disabilities.
This is an attack on trans women implying that they cannot be beautiful.
Ironic that you guys are using slurs to call people stupid
Your point could have been made in a way that seemed intelligent instead.
While her behavior may be suspect your practice of using female genitalia as a derogatory term is also.
Using that kind of language toward a trans woman is an attack on her gender identity.
Female genitalia should be revered. They bring life into the world.
Despite her wrongful actions using that kind of language is attacking women.
I'd be more apt to agree with you if you didn't use that word.
The article is full of hate no need for you to add more.
While this woman's actions are horrible please refrain from using vulgar slang in describing individuals.
You're basically mocking half of America.
This story is terrible but the racist banter is totally pointless.
Please refrain from using vulgar racial slang on the forum. It violates the terms of service.
I get what you're trying to say but those words are harmful in any circumstance.
Hate speech isn't cool even if you hate men and women equally.
I'd be more apt to agree with your argument if you didn't use that word.
I dislike niche games too but the hateful slurs are unnecessary.
You seem to have a real problem with women's body parts.
I think that you can see that these are not equivalent if you're being honest with yourself.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Sexual orientation shouldn't be used in a derogatory manner.
I don't think that you should be spending so much energy defending your right to violence.
The use of "retard" is offensive and not useful to your argument.
I don't know why you would bring disabled people into your insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Stop gender bashing.
How original an insult... /s You're so afraid and basic.
Using that kind of language is unnecessary also that's lumping together entire huge groups of people
Stop making racist remarks!
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop using a term that is for a medical condition.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that kind of language is pointless bad people are bad people but not all women are now responsible for these
Stop using gender bashing words.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using that language doesn't help support anyone's argument
Stop gender bashing.
The people in this conversation don't want to fight with you and you have a chance to part ways peacefully!
You should try to keep the language clean. Try using the "C word" instead.
You might try to tone down your language
If you want to have an honest ideological discussion about this
Dumb or stupid would better apply in your argument.
If you don't use words like retard people will listen to you more
Hey
Please try to use a more PC word.  Like dumb.
using words like retard doesn't improve your writing
Please refrain from using racial and homophobic slurs.
I think it's certain type of racist hateful or nasty words that it monitors.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as insults
The entire concept behind Diablo Immortal video game is negative so what is the issue now.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
If you want people to spend money it's not a good idea to insult the customers.
Please refrain from attacking women for their fashion choices and gender.
No parent ever encourages this behavior.  It is always sad when a daughter doesn't turn out the way you thought.
Please refrain from making personal attacks for others.
I love Judge Judy leave her alone!
Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Ret--ds" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
Look for years movies and video games used humor like this. I don't get why now all of the sudden it's racist and wrong.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms
I mean hey she's just a girl!
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when speaking to others.
No woman should have sex with a minor. I know the boys think it's cool but they don't understand the long term mental damage.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language when referring to others.
Sounds like she got scared. I don't think she should of ever had a gun in the first place if she's gonna react that way.
That implies that people with mental disabilities are incapable of speaking/writing.  They still communicate in the same way.
Offensive language will not be tolerated.
I know you guys are joking but you guys are being quite insensitive
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
I understand this conversation is heated and tense but let's try to avoid that kind of language.
"Ret--ds " and "ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Lot's of the language you use in your comment is very offensive. If you disagree with someone you should not point out their religion.
Watch the language please. This is toeing the line.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Watch the language. This is a warning.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
She was probably just distracted the same way anyone could get.
Woah
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Gender bias exists but it's still wrong. That's why we use the word bias to mean there's something wrong with the logic of it.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
There's no reason to call her a cunt. The thing you disagree with has nothing to do with her being a female.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
When you use words like "raghead" and "cuntmonkey" people are not going to take you seriously.
The hateful sexist language in your comment isn't helping your argument or contributing to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
sexist and racist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
There's no reason to use the C-word or call someone names here. You don't know the whole story.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
That's really offensive to call people names like that. Just let it go - there's no reason to say things like that.
Please refrain from using homophobic language in your posts.  It doesn't add to the conversation.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Do you really have to use demeaning and offensive language to express your opinion on divorced women?
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Watch your language.  That term is used to insult people with disabilities and has no place here.
Why are you using this term.  It is harmful and offensive and has no place being used to express opinions.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
And then there are those who never learn from history
I understand the frustration but the name calling is a bit much.
"Ret---ed" and "ret---ation" as used is patently offensive; it should be avoided here.
This has nothing to do with mental disability or retardation but everything to do with corporate greed.
Both parties have their issues and the left are not the ones doing the name-calling in this instance.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
It's good that you've clarified that you did not mean to attack ESL but you're still using ableist language.
1. inadequate words: dumbestfull retard
Name calling such as that does not efficiently describe the point that is trying to be made.
1. inadequate word:retarded
There are much better ways to explain someone's lack of intelligence than stooping to name calling.
Using language such as this make the point invalid in others eyes.
right winger"\n3. inadequate expressions: "right winger
dumb people"'
The language that was used caused a pointless argument with no actual evidence or opinions in sight.
1. inadequate words: "fucking clue
mouth breathers"'
Adding the foul language before the rest of the comment does not make it more impactful.
Guys
We all really need to do a better job of not stereotyping others and knowing the facts.
I think we all know there's a problem could we talk about it intelligently without durogatory terms?
Although deflecting accusations by using one's sexuality is not good
It's not really cool to paraphrase for others that person never said that
I think you might be exaggerating someone else's point of view it can't be that bad.
Although that word may seem like it's not that bad
I don't really see the point of using the R word makes your argument invalid.
I don't think that name calling is necessary here.
Calling people that is quite extreme considering it's just a tweet. No need to be so aggressive to others.
No point in continually using the R word never gets your point across very well just a heads up
I think there is a better word you could use rather than to call someone retarded even medical professionals don't use that term anymore.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word is offensive.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Perhaps they're writing in a style that suits them .
Your language displays a lack of character and suitable vocabulary.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Calling someone the c-word is offensive because it derogates woman and so this is not acceptable language.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please do not use mental disabilities as an insult towards others.
Typically people who feel the need to call women thots and cunts are the ones who aren't getting laid
The use of the c-word is highly offensive not just insulting a person here but also derogatory of all woman.
Gratuitously calling someone with the c-word is hurtful and offensive to all woman and completely unacceptable.
Please don't insult others by claiming they have mental disabilities.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"D-ke" as used here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Slurs as these are denigrating people with homosexual orientations and are not acceptable in our conversation.
I know 100% there are soulless people out here I don't care what she says.
"Reta--ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided here
The r-word is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive denigration of people with disabilities
"Ret--ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
The use of the n-word is unacceptable in our discourse as everyone including bots knows.
Perhaps you should do some  thinking and learn to recognize that making generalizations about gender are unfair.
"Cu-t" si a tern of hate and should not be used in intelligent political debate.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Wow sounds like you need to find a better outlet for your anger issues.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Your choice of words is small and violates hate speech.
Ouch I'm gonna go cry now someone on the internet insulted me!
What a hateful unpleasant person you are.
Poor choices aren't exclusive to a single race.
That's a particularly uneducated comment.
One's personal life does not necessarily reflect their professional life. In reality
That escalated quickly. Relax no need to attack anyone personally.
Wow real mature to still be using that term.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
intelligence is not something that is determined by gender and it seems as though there was a clarifying question not a missunderstanding
I am still waiting to see the proof of this. Growing up our teachers said the opposite to us.
Using the word retard to describe this situation is inappropriate.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Your comeback is ineffective because all it does is show your hatefulness.
Calling the user a retard doesn't help your argument only shows your hatred.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using the word "retarded" only shows your hatred.
Other words that do not promote a culture of hate would be better suited to make your point and support your argument.
These types of words are considered hateful and should not be used to make arguments seeing as it can be seen as very offensive.
This is a hateful term and is inappropriate to use.
We should try to avoid demeaning  words.
Using offensive language doesn't make anyone seem intelligent.
Please refrain from using such derogatory terms in your argument.
Hateful people exist in all races not just specific ones we have bad experiences with.
"B--ch" and "Fa--ot" are terms of hate and do not belong in this forum.
I still wondering how win the world she did all this without him getting away.
"Tw-t" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
My European ancestors sure did have a way of dressing.
Both use of "the r word" and hate speech about women cause offence and should be avoided in this forum.
Dating can be really fun. Even the bad dates. It makes good stories with your friends for years to come.
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
I love walking simulators!
Affixing the "c---" term to your remarks is offensive adds nothing of substance and should be avoided.
Nothing is going to happen. We get these reports every year on both sides.
Cu--ts" used to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop bashing females because of their gender.
Fa--ots" is potentially a term of hate and is best avoided here.
Stop bashing others for their gender or sexuality.
Dude the reason you've had horrible interactions with women is that you're not self-aware enough to realize you're the problem.
Stop gender bashing and being ugly to women.
I would love to see what you look like without all those Reddit muscles.
Stop gender bashing!
Stop bashing sexuality and political values.
Your fierce disdain for the LGBT community makes me question how secure you are sexually...
Your post does not need to use sexist language for you to express your disapproval of the situation.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and must be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please don't perpetuate sexist stereotypes of women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Well I am glad the reservation is now complete. The Lord does appreciate a sense of humor but I'm not sure he's laughing much today.
Other words equally harsh and less offensive can be used to describe said people.
I don't even know or want to know what a pre divorce ceremony is. The actual divorce party is enough for me!
n/a
Cops shouldn't get a bonus for not assaulting people. It's their job to be professional and the bigger
n/a
Homophobic or ableist remarks are not accepted on this site. Further such hate speech will lead to an IP ban.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of that slur is offensive as it demeans woman.
We all know what that ableist language means. Pretending you don't understand won't prevent you from being banned if you continue using it.
You sure do make their case for them if you can't defend gaming without resorting to transphobia and sexism. Contine to do so and be banned.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable--it is offensive hurtful and derogatory towards all women.
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used to better your argument.
Language like that is offense to large groups of people. Calling names is not funny in anyway. It demotes entire races.
I really hope you know the history that goes into both of those words. Both derogatory and both shouldn't be used to get a laugh.
Lnaguage to dehumanize woment is low and not appropriate. It is harmful to everyone. We need women to be brought up as they are equal.
While I agree with your statement I don't agree with your use of the 'c' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
racism does nothing but hurt the whole reason for the kneeling protest.  your behavior just proves their point more
Some people aren't worth engaging with; just downvote and move on.
Various insults are all denigrating people and are not acceptable in decent conversation.
We all want equality for everybody and it should start with the way we talk to people. Respect begets respect.
Addiction is a serious mental illness that should be addressed better; insulting addicts doesn't help.
Use of the rcword to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Calling names is calling names which is not respectful.
You're going to need to do more convincing than calling people names if they use Facebook.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Use of the slur to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
I agree but the name calling doesn't seem necessary. Could we verify this?
This conversation is ridiculous and you all need to stop. This is largely anti-women speech and unacceptable.
Watch the language. This is uncalled for.
Everyone is entitled to comment on any sub they wish. If you're quiet and listen you may learn something.
Using words that demean a person's gender identity do not cause productive conversation.
i would delete the whole conversation   its violent and is against women
id delete the whole post and id kick off user 9 for a week but id entirely kick user 10 off the platform
id delete the both comments and penalize both user 1 and user 2
B--ch" c--t "ret--d" "ret---ed" are offensive terms and need to avoided here.
Sad that you think a comment consisting of nothing but offensive language actually adds to the discussion.
This whole conversation is stupid but you are out of line. Watch the language.
Using offensive language doesn't make you seem very intelligent.
Watch the language. This is inappropriate.
Sad that you think using ableist slurs is actually adding to the discussion.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
Offensive language makes it impossible to respect your opinion.
This isn't appropriate. Watch the language.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Stop body shaming and using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Stop using racist and politically motivated choices as insults.
That word is a derogatory term and should not b used when expressing your opinions in the public realm.
Using the term "c--t(s)" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Get that language out of here.  Society has progressed beyond the point of accepting the use of derogatory and offensive statements
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
Why do you have to be so offensive when talking about someone.  You could have said nothing at all.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Unless you're from Australia that word has a highly offensive social context. Do not use it.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using derogatory language is no way to get any point across.
Using derogatory language like that makes it hard to respect any opinion you might have.
Using misogynistic language isn't any way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
I wish your parents had taught you not to use slurs.
Thank you for your mature and level headed input.
I'd say the one being offensive here is you since you're calling people slurs.
These terms do nothing to inflate your argument.
Let's not call women slurs here. We're supposed to be better people than that.
These replies are disgusting and incredibly sexist.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Using offensive language makes it hard for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
Slang terms for females are not permitted
Hard to take you seriously with all the offensive language.
Slang term for people with disabilies is not permitted
Using ableist slurs doesn't really seem like it really adds anything to the discussion.
Slang terms for people with disabilities is not permitted
Can't take you seriously with all the offensive language.
I can't tell you what you can or cannot say
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Clearly you don't understand Moroccans. Using goat-f*** is truly such profanity and hate. Using the R word is totally undignified
Don't get me wrong I understand your argument but using the derogatory terms about the mentally challenged isn't right either.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Hard to take you seriously when you use offensive slurs.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using ableist slurs isn't really a good way to get your point across.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Can't take you seriously when you use offensive language to try and get your point through.
There is no need for you to use words like that
There are other words you can use besides such a vulgar word.
To use the C word to describe elected officials is not acceptable. Any more speech of this type will get you removed.
You are a special kind of vile human being for speaking that way
There are nicer words to use; be conscious of other's feelings.
The use of the C word to describe individuals in realtionships or out of them is unnacceptable and will not be tolerated at all.
Please refrain from using those words to describe someone.
The way you are describing individuals is completely unacceptable and offensive and will not be tolerated here.
There are other words you can use to describe someone other than that.
The means in which you are describing individuals is unacceptable and demeaning and will not be tolerated.
Even if Murkowski does not see your comment it is rather offensive to call someone that name
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
That kind of comment is inappropriate and will not be tolerated immediately deleted if it continues
Wow didnt mother teach you if you dont have something constructive to add to remain silent?
Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
The use of that word is unacceptable no matter how it was meant and will be deleted
She might be wrong but no man should ever put his hands on a lady.
n/a
As a woman I just cannot truly understand the extreme some feminists will go. I love men and everyone love each other!
n/a
Removing the feather is really unnecessary. It is like we are trying to remove all culture from gaming. I hate it.
n/a
Hate speech has no place in this conversation
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
Use of the c-word is derogatory and hurtful to all women and not acceptable in our conversations.
Not all females are the same or deserve to be lumped together with hate speech... shitty people are shitty people but don't play their games
Instead of using derogatory or outdated remarks
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Our own personal experience with this matter is not relevant. One experience is not the same as someone else's.
Using the words 'white trash' is offensive as its a direct attack to a person based on their race
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
The vocabulary from users needs to refrain from the use of  words you would not want to hear your 5 year old say.
No political bashing of any kind is tolerated
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Mods aren't of any level.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
This answer degrades women.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
This speech attacks women for their gender.
n/a
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
Please illustrate the points of your argument without insulting vulnerable groups.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
It is not constructive to use a term meant to describe one group now a pejorative to insult another. It harms groups and stops discussion.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
I wouldn't use that word as an insult.  It's demeaning towards women.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
There's no reason to escalate to name calling over someone liking a video game.
This term is demeaning towards the mentally handicapped.  It's not necessary to use this kind of language in your response.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
You're literally the example they're talking about acting as if violence is only done by Arabs.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Please don't show such enmity with your words.
Calling each other names does not add any credibility to either side of this debate.
Please express your concerns in a way that is less insulting to others and more objective.
Name calling does not add any strength to your argument.
Please convey your feelings in a way that is kinder and less demeaning.
While one may not agree with another point of view calling someone names does not add any validity to your stance on the subject.
Please try to foster a positive environment with your comments and not hatred.
An incredibly sexist remark. Needless to say perhaps you should look into Marie Curie Rosalind Franklin Barbara McClintock and others.
It is one thing to have preferences. It is another to shame others for their looks or opinions. This is very offensive and unnecessary.
Don't use derogatory terms like this.  this is demeaning and offensive to people with real mental conditions.
There is a lot going on here. It goes without saying one's profession does not define who they are. And please brush up on your history.
Social media can actually be a useful tool when used appropriately and leveraged for the right reasons.
I know you probably don't realize that using the word retarded is hurtful to people that have children or family with this.
Was this language really necessary.  You could have said anything else but instead you pick a harmful and offensive term.
I think there are better ways to express how you're feeling that to describe it that way. Can we rephrase that?
You're projecting your fear all over.
I still say that men aren't supposed to leave any women alone being assaulted. It is just not moral.
Yes
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Agreed comic books and their movies are just not the same.
I would love to see your moms' reaction to that sentiment.
I don't think we need another remake of Charlies Angels this will be the third one I believe.
You're easily offended.
Anyone who has sex I think is considered a 'sexual'.
I wonder if you'll ever find love and acceptance from women given how you treat them. Women are more than their parts.
Would you like if someone used that language about your daughter/mother/sister? No.
Using that word to say that someone is not smart is offensive.It is a medical condition you are born with and shouldn't be used as an insult
If you're  on the left
Using medical diseases as insults is not acceptable. And you're off topic completely.
Why are people always using a medical condition someone is born with as a verb to call someone/something stupid?!
We do not fear hate speech we detest it. You are alienating yourself from the rest of humanity and you will be left behind by the future.
Using a derogatory term is not going to help get your point across any better in fact it will do the complete opposite.
I still don't get where the woman issues come into play regarding a bow and arrow.
Ableist comments have no place in any logical conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
JourneyQuest producers shouldn't of pulled this just because of a Tweet that they've got no control over.
You might have had a good point but you ruined it with the ableist slur.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Ableist slurs have no place in any sort of conversation.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Just because someone has a disability doesn't mean that they are less than you.
I hope you don't kiss your momma with that mouth
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Making fun of people because of their sex or disability isn't going to solve anything.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they're dumb.
The use of foul language doesn't make the point any more valid.
All of the foul language and name calling shows a lack of understanding the topic.
Not all women are this way. I just want to be loved and protected.
The foul language and accusations of others has absolutely nothing to do with the topic being discussed.
She was wrong bottom line. We all have bad days and cannot go around lying about rape.
Calling someone such a foul name speaks volumes about that persons characteristics.
I would never get a breast reduction even if they hurt. That is one thing that makes me feel like a woman.
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary.
Russia has been getting involved with US politics more in the last two years than ever. Unless the news is making it up.
Complaining about stupidity
Dumb or Stupid would work here.
I don't know what happened to you to feel the need to demonize women
That is a disgusting thing to say when so many have actually suffered from that crime.
Let's replace the non PC word with dumb or stupid or even not smart!
It takes a large sense of entitlement to just slur a person based on their gender and think you're oh so clever
That's a highly offensive word that you shouldn't use bro
Please find a different word to describe women you do not like.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Yes this is a stupid conversation. Let's avoid this kind of language though.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Also you're projecting.
This is uncalled for. You need to reexamine your language.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that word usage.
Please avoid this type of language here. This is uncalled for.
Muslim countries and the United States are not the only countries which things like this are illegal.
Maybe try re-reading your messages before posting ... then you'd realize your own ignorance.
Doing some research of the "LGBT community" and maybe meeting with LGBT people would probably help you in that aspect.
Oh yeah that's extremely mature ... advocating violence. You're a real tough guy.
Man you guys are gonna get yourselves kicked out of here for talking like that.
The terms "f---ot" "reta--d" and the "n-word" are bigoted and do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
While expressing your views refrain from insulting others who do not agree with your views. It is not tolerated on this site.
Using the offensive misogynistic language completely undermines any point you had.
While your views are appreciated hate speech is not tolerated in this forum. Refrain from name calling immediately.
Using ableist slurs doesn't make anyone seem worth listening to.
Where we value your feedback and thoughts we do NOT tolerate or allow any form of hate speech towards any population.
Using insults or hate speech isn't allowed via this forum and continuing to insult other populations will result in you being banned.
Offensive language adds nothing to the discussion and makes anyone who uses it seems unintelligent.
Please do not let you personal anger spread to others.  this term is demeaning and derogatory to a substantial portion of the population.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
While on the subject of seeing people as people.  why do you insist on using derogatory terms to describe people?
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
You need to rethink your use of certain words.  Our society has progressed to the point where these sort of terms have no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
Harmful and offensive language is completely uncalled for.  Your points could have been made without ever having to utter slurs
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Was that term really necessary.  You could have said stupid dumb uncalled for or basically any other thing that is not a slur.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Refrain from using the word "retarded".  Many users find it offensive
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Warning or Ban.  Harassment will not be tolerated on this site.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Let's try to refrain from using hateful ableist language in this subreddit.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Many users find it offensive.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Avoid using the term "retards." it is offensive to many users.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the sub
Warning. "Cunt is viewed as an offensive term."
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
That label is hurtful to many. Please rephrase your question.
I will not proclaim to know your relationship with your son's mother
Judging by the way you choose to see the world it seems she doesn\'t have to try hard to destroy your "reputation".
This is standard procedure by police when an altercation is reported nobody is being targeted unfairly here!
n/a
I can see that you're trying to defend someone's rights but the same principle applies to you about your insulting choice of words.
I can see that you're trying to interpret doctrine but there is no need to introduce such vivid threats.
n/a
You need to take more responsibility for your lack of self control.
n/a
Don't use the r-word when speaking about people. Several people have been affecting by intellectual disabilities and that's very offensive.
The use of foul language doesn't make your point any more valid.
Don't use the r-word while replying to people. Nearly everyone is affected in some way by intellectual disabilities and it's offensive.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Women aren't entitled to explain their presence in the world to you.
This comment attacks a woman for her gender
It might help you be happier not to assume that all women are out to get you.
This speech attacks women
It isn't kind to use people's sexuality as an insult even if you are trying to help.
This speech attacks LGBT people.
You don't know who that woman is or why she reacted that way
This attacks women with offensive language
Someone being wrong does not equal them being unintelligent. Someone saying something you don't like does not equal them being unintelligent
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the "c---" here is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disability.
"Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it demeans women.
"C--t" "b--ch" as well as "pu--y" and its variants are are sexist terms of hate and so forbidden in this forum.
Use other words like stupid or dumb.
"Fa--ot" as used here offends many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Re---ds" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
"Ret--ded" is not appropriate term for the mentally disabled.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans gays.
Using the word retard as an insult is hateful and cannot be used here.
That isn't always true. As a female we cannot say or do a lot of things.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using the word cunt to describe a woman negatively is hateful and must stop.
I am glad the judge even sees when things don't look right or line up. All these witch hunts really need to stop.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Use of the slurs is not acceptable because it demeans hurts and offends others.
These racially generalized statements are hateful to all groups they target do not insult general racial populations.
As a female I too don't understand the feminism extreme ways sometimes.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable because it demeans women.
Using a hate word doesn't make you a bigger or better person. It does the complete opposite.
Hey there! Do not use that type of hateful language referring to sexual orientation.
I believe this language is offensive and intended to incite anger amongst others.  I think censoring this user is the proper thing to do!
There is no reason for you to respond in a vulgar manner regarding disability and sexual genitalia
I understand the frustration and the angst but I do not believe this language is appropriate.
Glad you're woke to the meaning behind that gross word and up to date on all of the problems women face in India. Congratulations.
Hey there please do not use that type of sexual language when responding.
I know this woman's behavior was terrible but I believe calling her vulgar things is not necessary.
I understand that everyone is entitled to their opinion however I do not find your language appropriate!
Most women don't drive free cars. That doesn't even make sense. And your language describing the woman is just absurd.
Hey you can post on here without using vulgar sexual terms.
Yes the woman may have been high or crazy but I don't think calling her names and assuming the worst is a wise thing to do!
The labels don't really help the conversation
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
this guy's either a cop...or having baby Mama issues
let's keep it objective...Book Of Wisdom refers to God's potency as a female
Honestly without women there wouldn't be any men. We all need each other so let's just love and hug.
I guess I'm going to have to tell my kids they cannot call a tee-shirt ugly but only that they dislike it.
That's incorrect because racism involves being prejudiced against a minority or oppressed population and your hate speech is not tolerated
Tell me your opinion please with less revolting words and more objectivity.
The use of that word is not necessary and it will not be tolerated because it is hate speech toward women.
Express yourself in a manner that is more agreeable and less harmful to others.
That language is hate speech toward women and will not be tolerated here.  Be more intelligent and use appropriate words.
You can say whatever you want
Please lay off the horrible language and use communications that are going to inspire.
That really is not necessary to use hate speech in your comment and the hate speech (toward women) will not be tolerated
I observe that you have some concerns but please don't debase the innocent with your hurtful words.
This whole conversation is offensive but in particular you used hate speech against people with disabilities and will not be tolerated here
Hey guys let's be kinder to the intellectually disabled.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Both the chinese and the developmentally delayed don't deserve those slurs.
You can't define people by their race as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Hey let's treat black people with more respect.
To act like those of a race all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Unfortunately if you use slurs you will get judged. Like you. Stop using slurs.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Do nothing since it's harmless
Do nothing
That's a lot of accusations in one statement.  You might need to fact check some of your statements.
C--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are gratuitously offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
tell user 3 to stop being so libtarded
Let's keep the convo civil. Dumb or stupid would suffice.
And language like that just adds fuel to their fire...
I'd prefer that you not use the r-word on this thread.
Don't give them more bait.
Thanks User 2 for reminding us not to use the r-word here.
Pretty ableist when you put it like that
Hey let's keep this space open for neuroatypical users. Thanks.
You don't have to like alimony but you do have to refrain from using the r-word on this thread.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Have you ever thought about how all those other taxpayers feel about your "bad" vote?
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
You know
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
manthere were a million other adjectives you could have used that would have said the same thing.
"you probably shouldn\'t call her that when you don\'t actually know her"
C'mon guys. i cant even follow what could be informative here because of all the muck.  i cant even hand around to listen.
"Maybe travel there or somewhere else in the world to see what people are like but otherwise you can\'t judge based on where they\'re from. "
The title here actually rails against a defeatist attitude AND ask about positivity. maybe we can get back on track.
"You should do more research on Canada as a country and on the rates of migration before being able to form a solid opinion. "
hey man i think that "r" word slipped on you on accident. All your other language points are so well made.
"Don\'t resort to calling people names just because you want to explain how their job works a little better.:
While her behavior is terrible all women do not deserve to be insulted on account of their vagina.
Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
I'm sure this woman is perfectly intelligent although if not there's nothing wrong with being intellectually disabled.
Using the word retard to call someone stupid is hateful and offensive so don't do it
In my opinion using slurs is a crime against all people. In this case specifically women. Please stop.
Using cunt to refer to a woman is hateful and disrespectful
It's hard to take you seriously when you use that word.
Hey dude! No need to use such offensive language! Could you make this more friendly so I can participate without feeling like a bad person?
Please stop using slurs for peoples' sexual choices.
It's hard to want to listen to your perspective when you use those words.
Please stop insulting others due to their sexual choices race or gender.
When you use that word it invalidates the point you're trying to make.
You could say 'I was only pretending to be silly' or 'ignorant' instead.
Please don't use medical conditions as an insult.
Let's keep it G rated.
that word is unnecessary.  You can express your opinion without using a derogatory term for people with disabilities.
Please try to avoid using words like retarded as some viewers may be offended by that improper use of that word.
Please do not use that word.  It is derogatory and incredibly offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please use G rated words there are other viewers that may be offended by your words.
Please refrain from using offensive language as this forum is not intended to accommodate offensive material.
The offensive and derogatory language is unnecessary.  Your opinion can be expressed without using that word.
Please refrain from using such offensive strong language thank you.
Pleae do not use that derogatory and offensive term to express your opinion.  It is unnecessary.
When arguing your point using hate speech and excessive cursing undermines the validity of what you are saying.
Using the term 'faggots' to describe a certain political ideology is bigoted and wrong.
The belittlement of women gaining equality in rights is uncalled for. Please take a moment and respect those that are not the same as you.
Using the term "dumb cunts" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Using the term "repulsive cunt" is bigoted toward women please stop using this term.
Looking down on others for having different views is narrow minded. Take a moment and respect your peers please.
Saying "commie retarded faggots" is hurtful and bigoted language and I hope that you can please stop.
Hate speech regardless of how it is used does not help improve the validity of anyone's argument.
Using that kind of language toward African-Americans is bigoted and disgusting. Do not generalize people.
To define people by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
While we respect everyone's opinions
Stop using a gender based insults.
The term retard is offensive. Please refrain form further use of it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Speaking of red pills... did you know that 6 of the 7 dwarves required a red pill in order to perform?
The slur used here is offensive because it comes from or is associated with a place of hate toward homosexuality and so is not okay!
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word is not acceptable because it is hateful and hurtful toward all women.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
There's no reason to offend all women just to make express your displeasure.
You seem so obsessed with women.
There's no reason here to use such a derogatory term for homosexuals. We get it. You're angry. Control your communication more.
It's no wonder women don't flock in your direction.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Sit and think before you post and comment. This will help avoid taking and giving offense and get rid of the use of hate speech.
Your post is lacking in information. Instead of name calling try explaining your thoughts and feelings on the issue. Be open to new ideas.
Please use words that can express your views without damaging others' reputations.
Most of this is using a bad word where a kinder one would work. Instead of using anecdotal evidence try looking into the topic more.
A different word would equally and more kindly say the same thing. Try to calm yourself down before posting.
If it is actually "a thing" then use the proper grammar of capitalization as well as posting a source otherwise it seems you are lying.
I'm trying to figure out how that makes you better.
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
words like cuntwhore and bitch are inappropriate as they directly attack people based on their gender
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The 'r' word isn't a word that should be used in this context. It's derogatory.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or shows care.
Even using that word to say "do not say it\' is not right.
This comment is extremely offensive. You should not have used the 'n' word
Using a derogatory word to describe someone is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
The 'd' word should not be used lightly
Using those kind of words do not contribute to a useful conversation.
There was no reason for you to use the 'r' word
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive to a meaningful conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While you may feel strongly this way there is nothing added by using foul language. Your post without the language is simpler and good.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You can feel this way and even express it without having to use a harsh word. It does not help express your point. You look like the bad guy
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Saying mean things does not make you right nor does it forward the conversation. You can make your point without it.
You do not have to quote the person directly. You can say something to take the place of the word instead like "n-word" which is often used
Retarded is an offensive word that doesn't need to be used to describe people you disagree with.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
These words do not add to the post nor do they help you make your point. Try and be kinder to others and yourself.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Hey i know the user didn't agree with your opinion and wasn't particularly nice but I think you should have taken the high road.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
I don't think thats appropriate and you are just being a troll
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disability.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Look
Please don't use sexist and ableist insults in your posts.  It's not helping your arguments and it does nothing to enhance the conversation.
Whether a mask looks bad or not is subjective. The use of slurs
Please don't use ableist insults in your comments.  It does nothing to enhance your argument or the conversation of the sub.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Please avoid using ableist insults in your comments.  It isn't doing anything to help your argument or add to the conversation of the sub.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
It was a joke but we don't need to repeat any derogatory remarks about people right?
Do not be so rude. Try using adult language.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use  words like those.
Instead of using those terrible terms we can say something like she just steps out of line that explains fine without the derogatory marks
Trivial language makes you look like you are intellectually challenged. Try to clean it up.
I think instead of judging the woman for their choices we should just support them.
Try not to be rude when describing women.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
You may have had a bad experience with the police but generally they are out in the community to help not to harm us.
Other words that might be used in this instance are dumb or stupid.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
I think the world has just become so sensitive but we don't need to be using certain terms or blaming certain genders for things.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
I think that we all can agree with our feelings towards this group. It's easy to get heated when talking about something so sensitive.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
No need to use that sort of terminology! I get it can be annoying to see posts like this but lets cool it with this kind of language.
If you guys weren't bonafide women-repellants you would have an accurate idea of what modern women actually look like.
You attract the kind of people who you are most like.
I understand your point
Okay first of all stop implying the existence of intellectually disabled people is an insult.
Mental considerations aside they simply feel strongly about the depiction of a personification of a computer program.
It is a muddy and messy subject. If you feel strongly about it you should lobby to have it changed.
Hey guys comparing people to monkeys is dehumanizing. Please try to be kinder to each other.
This is a big bag of worms. Etiquette is determined very heavily by the local culture but we should probably avoid derogatory language.
Offensive language based on  disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Slow down on the C word
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
To act like those who follow a religion all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
People like using the R word so much that they don't even realize there are better words to use.
Defining someone as mentally ill without actually knowing them is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
stop gender bashing.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't pick on gender or political choices.
Don't bash people for their religious choices.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Don't gender bash!
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop with the gender bashing.
Let's try to keep the bad language to a minimum. Stupid would be a good word to use here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/orsexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their political views and medical conditions.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing peoples' religion and medical conditions.
Let's try to use African American instead.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or race in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Stop bashing people for their sexuality and nationality.
I am so confused. If you didn't play than never started.
Please don\'t use the term "retarded."  Many users find it offensive.
Yes all Americans should make the same amount of money based on performance and education.
All that is needed to say is that when someone falsely accuses another of anything it's because something is hiding in their own closest.
Re--rd" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Ret--ded" and "jew girl" both show insensitivity and a lack of respect they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Morality good or bad is not categorized by gender.
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
We shouldn't downplay victims just because they come from privileged backgrounds.
I'm not sure if your mother would share the same view.
Your post contains sexist language it would be better for you to express your views without such language.
People's sexuality aren't things we should trivalize.
I dont think you can compare Mods to pedophiles.
Please don't use language that insults people based on their sexual orientation.
I think maybe you should write to them and explain them your point of view about the situation. Maybe someone in charge will figure it out.
hey guys I think we should all consider that people have different kinds of intelligence. Let's not be so bold about this.
No one deserves to die and no one has the right to choose who lives or dies.
In this kind of situation it can be confusing for people and behaviors become unstable. In her head it was the good thing to do.
Let's not get so bold about this please. Respect each other.
Men are not so good to express themselves the western world because they must stay ''strong''. Let's leave women aside on this issue.
It sounds like you have a right to be frustrated but violence does not cure violence.
Sad you think it's funny to use offensive slurs.
Omit profanity when describing people.  Use socially appropriate pronouns
It's hard to take you seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Avoid using the term [retarded]. It is considered hate speech towards the develomentally disabled
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It's a dumb rule but you dont need to call it that.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Perhaps referring to someone as genitalia  doesn't really serve to get your point across.
Just because you dont share the same views as them doesnt mean yuo get to attack them and make yourself feel superior.
Using the word 'retardation'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Perhaps you should consider that attributing diseases to a website is illogical.
Using derogatory language isn't making it easy to respect whatever opinion you have.
Leave the last word out and you have a point.
Using misogynistic slurs as an argument doesn't really prove a point.
Gentlemen please this back and forth has completely gone off topic.
Using racial slurs in an attempt at humor is never funny.
Your comment doesn't really apply to the topic.
Using offensive language like that is no way to get anyone to respect your opinion.
We are all used in some way but that certainly doesn't make someone worthless.
Using offensive slurs in an attempt at humor isn't as funny as you think it is.
Something mentality wrong is at play here so maybe its not smart to make fun of this person.
There is nothing constructive being discussed here at all.
You'd be a lot more persuasive if you didn't use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
I understand that you have a perspective to defend but using that word does not help your argument.
There is nothing productive being discussed only taunts and insults.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
This is not necessary.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
There is nothing productive being discussed when taunts and insults overshadow the rest.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Retarded" is a word that is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging to the otherwise capable. Moronic and idiotic however
Please refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
There is no need use labels so senselessly.
Refrain from using the word "retard." some users find it offensive.  Don\'t use the term "faggot" it is considered hate speech. Warning.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks are used.
Refrain from using the word "retarded." Some users find it offensive.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Your argument becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are used.
Please Do not use offensive language
Please let's keep a proper language thank you
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory terms when referring to others.
Please don't use that type of offensive terms
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
The labels and insults don't move any conversation along... or the weak humor for that matter
I was abused badly by my ex-husband and I struggled to get out. Never did the thought of killing my 3 kids came to mind!
Outdated hurtful labels don't help any discussion along
The vague racist overtones of african americans stealing bikes wasn't  so vague.
Broad generalizations don't help any discussion along...or hurtful humor for that matter
That is true. People only see what you allow them to see. Just like online profiles. Nobody knows I'm married unless I put in the profile.
Hurtful labels and generalizations don't help the conversation along
If Mueller has the evidence than he can have them arrested. We all just have to be patient and wait this one out.
The hurtful label hurts lots of good people remember...and isn't worth a weak sad chuckle
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Calling someone by this term is derogatory to females.  It effects your character and shouldn't be used
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
That term is demeaning towards the gay community.  Your words can hurt even if they aren't directed.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Re--rd(s) and" "bit-h" are terms of hate and should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Referring to African Americans as monkeys is disgusting and hateful.
Look into the laws and the Constitution more as you seem to be lacking in understanding. Your post feels mean and ignorant of US law.
Using this word does nothing to your post but make me want to ignore it. If you want to add to the OP then do not use such harsh words.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
You can feel this way but there are better ways to express it. It would also help to explain why you feel this way.
Don't bash peoples' nationality or medical conditions.
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Just because you disagree or dislike some thing does not mean you can attack it. I would encourage you to speak to the people you attack.
People should have the free rights to practice whatever sexuality they're comfortable with as far as it doesn't harm others.
There isn't a need to be angry over this nor is there ever a need to use a slur that is unrelated to what is being discussed.
People from every background and sexual orientation suffer emotional trauma. It's not exclusive to gay people.
Even in a self-deprecatory way there's no need to use hateful labels on yourself nor confine your past self to that label.
Dressing in certain ways is no sure guarantee of one's sexuality as people have different fetishes.
Your convoluted sentence was not improved by adding a descriptive slur. Rephrase your opinions without being hateful.
Your colorful anecdote isn't brightened up by using a slur. Paint your picture with a different word next time.
Please refrain from the harsh language as it is demeaning.
This term is offensive to women and should be used.  I'm sure you would be hurt if this was directed at you.
Please tell your thoughts without the loathing comments but instead use more pleasant words.
Please stop saying things that are so revolting as they are offensive to others.
Using this word is demeaning towards women.  It is totally unnecessary to use it as an insult
Please curb the abominable speech and use words that more friendly.
This term is offensive to mentally challenged people.  You words can be hurtful towards people other than your intended target.
Avoid the negative comments please because they are hurtful and disrespectful to others.
Using these words as a derogatory comment towards someone else it hurtful.
I don't understand why you think offensive language adds anything to your comment.
You make your point without denigrating females...
We do not generalize them. There will always be bad apples but not as many as the good ones.
we need to be sensitive in using the word retards. It is a disability you won't like any member of the family to have.
Using slurs doesn't make anyone seem very intelligent.
That is a highly offensive term that shouldn't be used at all let alone to a friend
That is not so nice.
Sad that you think it's funny to use ableist slurs.
Yeah generalizing an entire group of people is real smart.
we need to be careful to our choice of words especially if it refers to a disability no one wants to have.
This comment is offensive and hostile. User will no longer be permitted to comment on this platform.
You talk about Incels as being stupid. Don't be like them. Clean up your language.
Guys you shouldn't even use that language to talk about how you don't like that language
Unfortunately this comment is being flagged as offensive and will be taken down.
I think the point is made more strongly by user 2 without such offensive language
This comment is being flagged for its inappropriate and offensive language. Your account will be suspended on this platform.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
I guess you don't like her from the name calling.
Use of the f-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of homosexuality.
Sexual slurs do not equate a a dishonest business.
Slurs used here to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people.
Bullying in an argument about not bullying seems ironic.
This hatred has nothing to do with video games.
It's really silly to attack a liberal strawman just to feel good about yourself.
an assumption of someone's political affiliation while using hateful words to attack it and imply threats is not welcome in this discourse
You don't even know her how can you use that kind of language.
Hateful speech about women is hurtful and offensive and therefore has no place in our conversations.
You can make your points without calling them names and thus stooping to their level.
name-calling doesn't help you make your point.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
do not  use  words used in the 60's hatred era
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
Please don't use the r-word. 30 years ago the intellectually disabled were institutionalized. We deserve the right to participate in society
30 years ago we were electing KKK Grand Wizards to Congress. This is nothing new.
Wow
This is blatant hate. Do not degrade women because you do not agree with their opinion. Gender does not decide superiority.
I'd like to know how you came up with that horribly outdated opinion.
Please watch your tone. Please refrain from using offensive language in your replies.
hey there is no reason to use hateful terms about a person mental disability.
Your comment is very offensive. If you are going to keep posting offensive comments you will be banned.
Woah that is uncalled for. Do not use vulgar language.
Hey please do not use that nasty language on your posts.
Your offensive comments are not appropriate. Please refrain from using offensive language in your comments.
Stop using rude insults that pertain to someones mental disability
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
You need to educate yourselves better.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
I think you need to mix more with people of different sexualities.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
Well using mentally disabled slang isn't going to get anyone taken seriously either Some feminist go to extremes but not all.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it demeans people with mental disabilities and is hurtful and offensive.
Although everyone has their own insights on the matter it is our job to set aside our differences to support the newer generations.
The term 'rancid cunt' is an attack on women and should not be used.
You are allowed to have your own opinion but please keep your comments to yourself. We do not permit that type of language.
no one deserves to be attacked no matter what she said about them.
Let us refrain from using inappropriate terminology to discuss ethnicity along with the R word.
you don't need to use slurs to get your point across. it makes people stop listening.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please stop spreading hate on the internet and go do something productive with your life.
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please stop insulting women and lesbians by using slurs.
Use of this slur to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of lesbians.
Just because times were bad doesn't mean they can't be better now. Slurs won't help anything.
The use of the r-word is hurtful because it denigrates people with mental disabilities and therefore is unacceptable.
Please don't use that word unless you're English or referring to cigarettes.
This slur denigrates homosexuals and is therefore unacceptable in our discourse.
Hey using slurs contributes to a hateful society. Instead of using the r-word or the c-word let's build a kinder world.
Use of these slurs to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Wow I think using the intellectually disabled as an insult like that is out of line.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Ret--ded" and "b--ch" are offensive terms of hate; such blatant disrespect must be avoided in this forum.
While the situation might seem stupid that's no reason to compare it to the intellectually disabled.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
While y'all is a southern thing
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Hey people attempting to modify language does not give you a free pass to dehumanize them.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Let's not use that language to imply someone is gay. If he is it's his business.
I want to engage in this conversation with you but it is hard when you use words like those.
How about we not use any offensive names and respect each other?
Stop putting down peoples' sexual choices.
Please do not refer to people this way.  You are hurting people's feelings.
Stop gender and sexuality bashing!
Its not cool to use the R word at all.  There's a better way to call someone stupid.
Stop gender bashing womens ' choices.
Those are all fitting consequences for a perpetrator of rape. This is why women don't report. Proof is hard to come by.
I know you're mad but that language is not necessary.  Don't call them that.
Stop gender bashing.
There could be fanfiction out there but I don't know anyone who is thinks of Trump in a sexual manner.
You're making way too many assumptions about people's genders.
It's normal to want to be in an intimate relationship with other people.  Not all women are 'weak' and not all men are 'strong'.
Mental retardation is not an insult. Why do you think it is?
There are a lot of other remarks that people can use that would be of greater use than calling people derogatory terms based on who they are
I know you are quoting someone but that hate speech will not be tolerated.  That is offensive to women and people with disabilities.
Stop the political choice and gender based insults.
Not only is your statistic wrong you are using hate speech toward women which will not be tolerated here.
Stop the racist insults.
The language you both used is extremely offensive toward the Black community and will not be tolerated.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
The word you used is hate speech toward people with disabilities and will not be tolerated.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Wilson is a beautiful woman making money off that beauty. I don't think that is bad
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think we are missing the point of this article
Mentally challenged individuals are highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is willful ignorance.
Red Dead Redemption 2 shouldn't be pushing that agenda or even bringing attention to it. Shame on them.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Racism is taught you are not born racist.
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
There are manners of discussing opinions on this woman's actions which do not involve a direct attack insinuating violence and hatred.
calm down please. I see why you are upset. She probably just wanted to have a very simple hair cut in a short time.
"Ret--ds" and "c--t(s)" are offensive terms of hatred and should be avoided in this forum.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word "re---ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Variants of the "n word" as well as "re--rd" are offensive terms of hate and may not be used in this forum.
Degrading comments about racial slang as well as words for mental delay are hateful do not use them
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not do it here
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and hate speech directed at a religion  are each offensive and must  be avoided
Making generalized insults about a person's religion is hateful do not do it
I feel like you are purposefully misunderstanding the argument made here by taking it literally.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Perhaps you can understand why women are calling this behavior toxic considering your response.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I feel like you're using the double meaning of this word intentionally to offend.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
This seems to be used here to score points but it's a legitimate medical issue that you should read more about.
I've had the same issues you have.  Do me a favor and watch the wording though it can be offensive to some.
"Ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
I totally understand your point but watch the wording if you would.  It's really not appropriate in this day and age.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Watch the nasty words about the mentally challenged it only takes away from your argument.  I totally get it by the way.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Watch the name-calling dude.
How original an insult... /s
A lot of people don't know by the CDC actually has a plan posted on the website for a zombie attack.
No need for the strong language there bud.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Let them dress how they want but I agree that it's probably more mentally healthy to pick one gender.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
This does not add to the post and is rude. If you want to criticize the say something other than name calling.
Use of the c-word as a slur is offensive and hurtful to all woman.
Instead of name calling explain why you feel this way. This will open the door to conversation and for someone to "change your mind."
Use of this slur is hurtful to people with homosexual orientation as well as most people because it is so hate-filled.
Your comments are slightly off topic and not based in fact. Do some research instead of going off your opinion.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There is no reason to attack anyone but you are  attacking the woman more than the man. There is no reason to blame her for his actions.
Use of hateful slurs is defiling the conversation and offends women--there is no place for such hurtful speech in a reasonable discussion.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Why do you have to use derogatory terms as part of your vocabulary.  This language is incredibly offensive and should not be used.
This r-word is offensive and hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and your homophobia is showing.
Is your language really necessary?  Just because you disagree with them does not give you the right to insult them with offensive language.
This slur is no longer acceptable in our discourse because of its offensive nature about homosexual orientation.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. Not to mention
That language is unnecessary.  You can get your point across without using a derogatory insult.
The c-word is not acceptable because it is so hurtful and offensive to all women.
The word used is offensive to women and is very unnecessary.
Sounds like the French are taking this really serious.
Then it's time to run or jump out a window to safety!
Regardless of her mistakes we still don't need to call her names.
Calling a woman by that name does not assist in proving a point. Please use acceptable language.
Not only should he get that money but she needs to be arrested!
I don't feel like this is something worth getting so upset over.
The use of this word in this context or at all is not condoned.
I keep hearing about that show I need to check it out today.
The word retard should not be used in this context or at all as it is offensive.
I have been hearing a lot about Science being false. I guess my Bible was true after all...
Please don't use gender degrading words.
The term "c--t" is a bigoted term of ignorance and so does not have a place in intelligent commentary.
Both the "n word" and racial stereotyping are offensive and not permitted in this forum.
stop using gender degrading terms.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Stop using gender degrading word.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Just because you disagree with the decision that she made gives you no right to use such demeaning language.  Erase it from your vocabulary
You really shouldn't judge someone before you know the whole story she could have been coerst into joining this group she is a young girl.
I don't understand why you would attack more than half of american teachers just because they are female you need to grow up.
Please don't use derogatory terms in your posts.  This word is offensive to a substantial portion of our population and should not be used
No one is going to take you seriously using words like that come back when you can speak like an adult.
This was a civil conversation until you opened your mouth why don't you go back to your parents basement.
That word is meant to disparage the handicapable. Disgusting
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That may or may not be the case but most can spell "truly" correctly
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This person's sexuality and your ignorance have no bearing on the conversation
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Your post uses speech that denigrates gender and/or  disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Fa--ot" and "re==rd
Nothing can be said these types of people can't be reasoned with.
Trying to offend others by hurling insults only demeans yourself by your hurtful speech.
Ret---ation" is not to be used it is a term of hate.
n/a
Use of the word retardation here is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
I think a lot of citizens don't realize how many hard choices a president has to make.
That word is vulgar type in Obama in the Urban Dictionary.The "C" word will be in the past after you do. You\'re welcome.
We should let every human live their life in a way that makes them happy as long as it doesn't hurt anyone.
This is a plethora of not PC words. Glad GLAAD isn't here. Non-conformist transgender intersexual=same thing he said but acceptable.
Think about it this way. These women are someone's mother
after the walkout there should be one to end the use of derogatory names of ladies private place.
It's really unhealthy to be this angered over other's political beliefs. We should come together for the better good.
This is an enthusiastic bunch I can hear animosity in each slur very impressive time to use our adult words now
On your way to get that award I could really use a hug or 2. All the gab about gab and all the other words has me dizzy so lets hug it out.
Using the word 'non-retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Put yourself in the shoes of person with a disability and stop using such ugly reference terms as it shows a lack of intelligence.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
These type of insulting terms are said by people that have a hard time speaking their mind with intelligence don't fall into that category.
Restraint is good. What a guy.
Using the word 'cunt' is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You might find that you can get your point across better if you don't refer to someone's gender in an aggressive and insulting way.
Good point but using that term doesn't help you make your case.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
It probably appears to others that you are acting like an 11 year old when you use an offensive and immature term to describe a woman.
If you use language like that no one's going to listen to you accept the small circle of people who agree with you.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
You were making good points until you stooped to the level of attacking one's gender in such a rude manner then it comes off as ignorance.
I don't disagree
Please don't use a serious medical condition to express yourself.
You should provide an argument point instead of blindly insulting.
Please don't use a serious medical condition to bash others.
It is wrong and harmful that she lied but it has nothing to do with women in general.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and must be avoided
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
Please do not use racial slurs.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others for their political beliefs discussions should be respectful.
Hateful words about homosexual people and people with intellectual disabilities will not be tolerated.
Language that denigrates women will not be tolerated.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs and attacking others.
Hateful language against homosexual people will not be tolerated.
This is what happens when people are no longer allowed to speak freely if it was in poor judgement lets hope the help that is needed occur
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Race is such a sensitive topic my children know what not to say and i am sure you know as well.If you are a white man try to sympathize.
Use of the n-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of black people.
Well being perfect isn't easy in 2019.
The use of harsh offensive words against someone does not any context to a conversation so how about try saying somthing that could be help
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language isn't appropriate. It's 2019 and certain words are no longer acceptable to use.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Sometimes you have to advocate for yourself and we don't know the whole story
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
While your sentiment stands
Even so don't think we have to use abusive language to get the point across
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Mental retardation and gender stereotyping are not relevant to the discussion. Pedophelia is very defined by law.
Racial generalisation and sexual orientation are irrelevant to being downvoted.
The irony is that you're trying to have a whole argument about toxicity while you are being toxic.
Luckily both of you get to hide your identity. I wonder what kinds of awful things would be said about you if you were in the public eye.
I understand your angry but there's no reason to talk that way about women.
Calm down on the hate speech there
I think it sounds like the men lost their jobs on their own. Without their negative actions they'd still have job security.
There's no reason to use such an offensive term towards women.It's highly offensive.
Yes the woman who lied about it was not a good person but that doesn't mean you have to call her the 'c' word
Just state that she was lying. When you name call it makes your comment less credible.
There's really no reason to use terms like that. There's no reason to offend as many people as possible. That just makes you a bad person.
I don't think there are actually any benefits to using that word. If I'm missing something please inform me.
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word in your argument at all.
I was taking you serious and actually trying to understand your opinion that is until you decided to name-call.
"B--ch
slut" and "tw-t" are terms of hate that target all women; they are to be avoided here.
Someone is having a bad day
I know you're not trying to be hurtful by saying the R word but it kind of comes off that way.
"Re--rded" is offensive; try to substitute a less-stereotyping term.
You make some great points
"C--t" used pejoratively is offensive and hateful; it should be avoided here.
By calling her the C word you're minimizing the fact that she's a terrorist sympathizer and instead insulting all women.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Buy Felicia
Cunt when used against women is a misogynistic phrase no matter how the woman was acting.
Attacking others based on their gender is not a productive or careful way to have a conversation.
The n-word is an extremely racist term and racism does nothing to contribute to meaningful conversation or our society.
Words used to hurt a group of people aren't necessary to have a productive conversation
Her body size has nothing to do with her actions and should not be used against something unrelated.
Using words to attack ones gender do not convey understanding or care.
I saw her in that video and I was embarrassed for her.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
I don't agree with a rape culture. Either a man is capable of rape or he isn't.  No culture is involved.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
This comes off as nonsensical when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You need to be careful what you say to not offend anyone today.
This comes off as nonsensical
That is just terrible to say. Some people need to just stop with the racist comments and learn to love and live in peace.
This comes off as unnecessary when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around.
Even a biological term could be considered racist please refrain from using racist and derogatory terms towards women and the disabled.
Don't bash people because of their political beliefsracegender or medical conditions!
It isn't necessary to use racist terms to describe people.
Stop using racist terms.
Stop with the racist nationality remarks and gender bashing words.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
watch you language.  Using a derogatory term directed at females to describe a journalist that you don't like is disrespectful.
Instead of insults let's focus specifically in what you don't like about the journalist.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find words offensive.
Please don't say such things that offend people.
Threats of violence are not permitted.
Talking about killing a race or a person in an organized religion is immoral. We are all humans with the same feelings of emotions be kind.
Offensive language based on gender identity is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
This is homophobia. The transgender community are the most kind hearted people above us all. They are not hurting you so leave them alone.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using the word retarded is not acceptable. It disrespects many physically disabled people and their families.
Fast food was always bad for you
You should not use that word to describe someone
Let's not make mockery of people's disabilitoes by trivialising them.
I wouldn't allow my young child to follow Malala regardless of race or religion.
You should not use that word to describe someone
Socialists have their own way of thinking it doesn't mean their bad
You should not use that word to describe someone
People have the right to choose political beliefs. We should respect ourselves and beliefs.
As a woman I dislike when other women go down this road. Video games are just games
You should not use these words to describe people. Discriminating against people because of stereotypes is wrong.
People have a right to sexual belief and practices as far as they don't harm others.
"Ret--ded" "fa--ot" and the "n word" all often comprise hate speech hence they are forbidden in this forum.
I don't think that freedom is what you describe it is.
"Ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret---ed"  and "f-g" are often terms of ignorance and hate so we should avoid their use here.
I dont think these examples were necessary to convey your point.
Calling them that will not make more people like you.
It's hard to take your opinion seriously with all the homophobic slurs.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are better ways to get your point across than using offensive terms
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse because it hurtfully denigrates women.
Women would have worked just fine over the 'c' word
Use of the c-word to insult someone is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Better words could have been used instead of the 'c' word
Use of the c-word is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Please be kinder with your words and change the commentary.
No one here cares for the truth only to win an argument over the internet
Please avoid the trash talk and use words that are uplifting.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please use more caring words and less expressions of hate.
Ha! He really struck a nerve! All that name calling doesn't make him wrong.
The expressions you use can be taken offensively so please rethink your comments.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This is an extremely offensive word that is demeaning to women ad shouldn't be used in this context.
Can't really take you seriously when you think ableist slurs are okay to use.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using this word in this manner is out of line mental retardation is not something that should be used as a joke.
Using the word retard is offensive to mentally challenged people.  This about your words before you put them on the internet.
Making fun of someone you dislike isn't going to solve any problems.
This word has historically been regarded as hate speech and your point would be more effectively made using other language.
Calling people names because you dislike them isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using this type of hate speech. It does not promote constructive conversation.
This language is not tolerated nor is it conducive to a constructive conversation. Please refrain from derogatory and hate speech
Name calling someone you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please refrain from using such derogatory names.
Name calling the people you disagree with isn't going to solve anything.
Please change the speech you use on this page. Hateful and derogatory speech is not tolerated.
Hey
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You being acculturated into propaganda only proves our arguments. Furthermore
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Hey
Complaining about a generalization while generalizing invalidates your argument entirely. Grow up and go outside once in a while.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
I agree but would use a friendlier adjective. 'unfounded comparison' for example.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
I think ya'll just need to calm down and be a little more respectful of each other and recognize each other's failures kindly.
Can't really respect this comment when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Re--ed" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Dude just say 'too stupid'. There's no reason to use such hateful rhetoric.
It's hard to take anything you say seriously when you use ableist slurs like that.
Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
Man it's so ridiculous to me that people want to wave their dicks around by using slurs causally on the internet. Have some respect.
Your opinion might have been good had it not included the ableist slur.
It's all right to disagree with people without seeing vast conspiracies in their behavior.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think that word has any place in a conversation about software.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
No violence is okay
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
"Reta---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families so the term is not allowed.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
Using misogynistic terms in an attempt at humor isn't actually funny.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
"Ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of that language regarding your ex-girlfriend is gender discrimination.
Use of that term to describe a woman is gender discrimination
This c-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is is derogatory slang affecting all women.
Use of that term to describe a woman constitutes gender discrimination
All ya gotta do is remove a word and you wouldnt have any problem with being offensive.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You're better than that. Stop.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
You literally can just say dumb.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
You're better than this.
Can we not try to insight violence
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermind your points with hatred
You're better than that.
How about we don't.
Everyone is entitled to an opini but please don't display one that attacks another' character there are different ways to get your point ac
Your description of women as retard and basic is generalizing and hateful speech
Using language like that to describe someone or something speaks to that persons character.
I heard that witchcraft isn't just a bunch of women but men practice too.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Such repeated and reflexive misogyny is rude insensitive ill-considered and unnecessary in intelligent debate.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
The use of "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I hope the video shows that so he doesn't get in trouble.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and threatening gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using a slur wasn't really necessary.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using language that is violent towards gay people makes is unacceptable and only serves to make you seem ignorant.
Insulting all women isn't a great way to bring people to you side.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This language is violent against women in general and is therefore unacceptable.
Using slurs and hate speech examples in such a flippant way is tacitly supporting these ideas. Please reconsider your language choices.
By gamifying behavior that you see from real people expressing real concerns you're depersonalizing them in a really alarming way.
You're not even being original. Go back to /b/.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
This is a childish way to use a word that's so hurtful and there's no need to double down on it.
Sexual abuse of young boys is a real problem and it's ignored by society at large.
Using mental illness and sexuality as verbal weapons is a weak accomplishment.
This is an abusive homophobic attack but using insults and slurs to defend yourself against it doesn't help.
Engaging in the civic process might help you to feel less cynical about your process!
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I don't think it's going to solve anything to insult everyone equally.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this. Over a game...come on
Yes it may have been a mistake but name-calling swearing and bashing the person(s) responsible does not seem like the best decision.
Please do not use mental illnesses as an insult.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Please refrain from using offensive/derogatory language as an insult.
While I understand the angst of this conversation I think that the name-calling and bad language are not entirely necessary guys!
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to him.
Please refrain from attacking others based on where they came from/were born.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Gay people are perfectly capable of recognizing murders what with all the hate crimes done to them. Don't talk about them like that.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring gay people into this- especially not with that language.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please don't bring the intellectually disabled into this. And especially not with slurs.
Guys let's try being kinder to people. Black people deserve human rights as do lesbians.
This whole thread is just filled with angry little misogynists.
It says a lot that you feel the need to label this woman by her gender instead of her actions
Stop using racist humor.
Just stay stupid or dumb. It really isn't difficult and it would make your points seem more credible
Using the word retarder instead of stupid just makes you look stupid. People will take your points a lot more seriously if you change.
You're language her leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe try to sound like an adult.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
I think you need to try and be civil in your language.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
There are other words you could use to show your displeasure with women. Why not try them out.
To act like those of the opposite sex all behave the same way is to admit to your narrow mindedness.
Try words like Dumb and stupid instead.
Try again. Find a different civil word to use.
Defining someone by their gender is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
You seem to have a lot of anger toward hypothetical women
Try talking to women and reading about the various women's movements and waves of feminism. Study history.
Using irrelevant language to describe women doesn't strengthen your argument.
There is no reason here to even call someone a name. Save yourself down votes and don't post.
I think that there is a better description for this tactic.
You're kind of proving their point there. Why escalate like this?
While you do have a right to feel this way using foul language will turn people away from discussing it with you. Try being more calm.
You can share your opinion without directing it towards a specific person.
Women her age put up with a lot; we don't know her whole backstory and why she's like that.
You shouldn't judge people by their age. User 3 makes a good point.
Calling her that takes you down to her level.
I think the whole multi gender option is a bit much in the games
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
Cops shouldn't speak to people that way
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
There's really no reason to single out a race. Black children go to school just as any other race. Fact.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
We are in the 21st century we really don't need words like that. There's absolutely no reason for calling him that.
It was awful what happened
Use of slurs here is offensive because it equates homosexuality or intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There's no need to use derogatory names to get your point across.
There's no reason to degrade people with disabilities
Just because you don't agree with the decision they made using a derogatory word like that is still not justifiable.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
There really is no justifiable reason as to why you needed to use the 'r' word in your question.
It is unacceptable to degrade people with disabilities just because you don't agree with their policies.
Use of the word retards is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Don't think you should be using the 'r' word. It's derogatory and not necessary.
As tempting as it is
Calling someone retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Not saying I condone what happened but there is no reason to call someone the 'r' word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Calling a woman a slob with no evidence is hateful speech towards all women do not use it.
Why use this demeaning term to express your opinion.  there are plenty of other words that do not have the same derogatory connotation.
The word retarded as an insult is hateful to many people so please refrain from using it
This is a hurtful attack towards women
Your derogatory language is entirely unnecessary.  You can express your displeasure without insults/name calling.
this language regarding women is insensitive and hateful and should not be used in this forum
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re--rd" and "c--t" are offensive and should not be used in this forum.
Offensive language based on race is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The "n word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Offensive language based on disability and sex is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
"Re---d" and "c--t" are terms of hate and not to be used here.
I think that we could use a better word to call someone that doesn't reference a mental disability.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
I think that we could use better language to discuss this topic.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
A word doesn't have to be the worst possible thing to say in order to be hurtful to people.
In this cultural context it is a slur deliberately and specifically used to demean and degrade the target. It's not confusing at all.
You should look into the statistics of false rape accusations they might interest you.
Please talk to a therapist about your paranoia and deep-seated resentments of women.
Nobody is asking you to end all harassment you are being asked not to be a harasser yourself or to make posts like this.
I know you're very upset about people who aren't you being allowed to participate in your favorite hobby but there's no need for slurs.
Ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
There are terms used in this post that have been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and not to be used on this site..
stop
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
A term used in this post has been deemed as hate speech.  This language is offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Come on guys. This is not that serious. Conflicting views and that's it. Get a grip.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Using gendered insults really doesn't speak well of you.
I am sure you have something more formidable to say instead of name calling...
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Slow down dude. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Valid point. I probably wouldn\'t have used such "colorful" language but still totally valid point.
Offensive language based on sexual orientation is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Everyone is entitled to an opini
The term "fa--ot" is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
that is below the belt. maybe he did not have the facts right but not enough to call names.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The use of this kind of racist word is not tolerated and will be removed
You using a person's race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Requesting that HATE filled words not be used is not to hinder anyone but instead to provide a place where there is no fear of verbal abuse
Using sexuality as a way to insult is only showing of your lack of creativity
What is the point of using that language you can make your point without it
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
that language isn't helping you make your point... not all women are the same or have the same views
The word cunt is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at women and is unacceptable.
What's the point of all this hateful terminology who cares what other people do if it doesn't affect you we all have different experiences
Attacking a user with hate speech and vitriol is no way to win an argument.  The racism homophobia and transphobia present is unacceptable
Stop bashing peoples' political and sexual choices.
what is the use in using this language it isn't helping you make your point or get listened to
The word faggot is a highly offensive term and can be classified as hate speech directed at the LGBTQ+ community and is unacceptable.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
There are actually tons of women in positions of power.
Based on one person's actions you can't generalize an entire country or gender group. Wake up!
Using words that profanely refer to a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Cheating is wrong regardless of the gender of the offender.
Using hateful language will not help anyone ever.
I don't think you actually understand what that word means.
That would be a medical condition people are born with. Hope you feel better about yourself.
I guess you didn't like it. Hard to tell under the hate speech.
There are so many verbs and adjectives in the English language. It is not necessary to use a word that is a medical condition.
Everyone agrees she's in the wrong the name calling takes away from your point though.
Using that word doesn't get your point across and in fact makes people not take you seriously.
Using words to attack a person's sex will not promote a sound conclusion to your argument.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or religion which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Hate speech doesn't help anyone. Let's have an intelligent conversation without resorting to hateful name calling.
Using negative words that refer to one's gender identity or religious affiliation do not promote understanding.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation and/or disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
What does name calling have to do with this conversation? Let's be adults people.
Such an eloquent respone. Too bad you had to ruin it with hatful foul language.
A hateful comments don't help any of these victims. Don't stoop to the same level.
I see your point but there's no reason to use such an offensive term.
She isn't necessarily racist so much as lazy. Keep to the point.
We get it. You don't like this person. There's still no reason to refer to her in this way.
Not pretty but neither is your colorful language...
It's just not necessary to use such an offensive term to make your statement.
Actual names would be helpful not your idea of what they should be named...
Using 'cunt' as an insult is offensive to women because its a direct attack based on gender.
Lighten up this is just a chat room you don't even know him.
The 'c' word shouldn't be used in any context
Using 'retard' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
The use of the 'r' word was incredibly offensive here
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That remark is rather extreme you'd sound smarter by not using it.
You shouldn't use offensive terms just because you're angry
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Come on you'd look smarter by not using that word.
You could have just said women
Re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
This is a random place to put such a hurtful word and you certainly didn't need it.
It would be helpful just to answer without insulting people by calling them a "retard."
"Ending retardedly" isn\'t even a real word. How about offering a critique which doesn\'t insult people but rather uses facts?
C--ts" "Re--d(ed)" and "re--rds" are each offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
You should make more friends from these groups so that you understand why they feel upset.
Calling someone a "cunt" or "retard" is insulting and hateful. How about using other words to express your outrage.
referring to someone as "cunt" is not only hateful but it is not a very good way of describing someone.
These are real people that you're talking about and they would be hurt that you said this about them.
Calling someone a retard isn't very nice.  It's a form of hate speech which lowers the level of communication on online communities.
Woooow you must really hate women.
Hey intellectually disabled people are people too. Please don't use them as slurs.
Hey let's censor the n-word. It belongs to black people not to us.
We are talking about humans not rabid animals.
Heyo if you think you're better than these people you shouldn't use slurs to refer to them.
Just call them a moron or something.
I don't think whether people are intelligent or not is relevant to the discussion.
There are soooo many more creative words to use than this.
That woman might be disabled. For that matter using slurs outs you as a terrible person.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
While I appreciate you being upset about the sexist title using retarded in that way is just another way of bringing people down.
You're very quick to judge and label someone mean-spirited while being so yourself.
They are used as insults yes but that doesn't make them any less bigoted or hurtful to people. Gay people still have to deal with it.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I think it should be possible to have a debate about religion without breaking it down into a I'm smarter or you are dumber than me argument
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Not sure why the sexism but please watch the language.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is incredibly disgusting. This language is not acceptable in any way.
The "N word" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
This is horrible. This language is not acceptable in any form.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see this conversation is getting heated. Watch the language please.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
The 'c' word isn't a word that should be used it's offensive
This is beyond inappropriate. This language is unacceptable.
Your statement was offensive and used terms that should not be used.
Watch the language. This is not acceptable.
There really isn't a good enough reason to use the 'c' word
I understand this is a heated topic but watch the language.
There's no reason to call someone the 'c' word
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
The headline was shocking enough your comment doesn't really add anything to it.
Hey now do not use that sexually vulgar word when posting.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Whether it's racist towards whites or blacks it's still racist.
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Yikes harsh name calling isn't necessary on this thread!
Woah! please do not use inappropriate language when talking about religious figures.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
She does not represent all women thankfully!
Please do not use vulgar words when voicing your opinion
This was a good argument until it got derailed with the racial slurs.
Avoid using racist terms when posting on different feeds.
Retarded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
Using the word retarded as an insult is hate speech do not use it here.
Ableism in your comment makes it hard to take anything you say seriously.
since it offends many
The word cunt when used as an insult against a woman is hate speech do not use it here.
Using offensive slurs don't add anything to the discussion.
Can't take you seriously when you use ableist slurs.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
This language is completely unacceptable and disgusting. This is your first and final warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
That's incorrect. Regardless this language is not appropriate for this subreddit.
I understand you have strong feelings but its hurtful to use vulgar insults for those that actually have mental disabilities.
Thousands of adjectives available and you choose retarded? Come on.
I understand you are frustrated with the situation but its hurtful to use vulgar insults of people with mental disabilities.
Why do you have to use the word 'retard'? Wouldn't bigot or rube fit better without maligning the mentally handicapped?
I understand you are trying to by funny but vulgar insulting words can be hurtful.  Its important to respect others when making posts.
Clever but come on. I think men and women are equal constructors of this thing.
Using the term 'cunt' like this is an attack on women and is not constructive to the conversation.
You did not have to say something like this.  you could have passed right over this post and never commented this term.
Using the term 'hooded faggot' sounds both race-insensitive and possible like an attack based on sexuality. Please stop.
"Faggot" is just a word that people/trolls use to goad an emotional response from someone. Let\'s have a real conversation
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
My son also thinks this generation is out of hand and he's 15. I think sometimes he is 15 going on 40.
Please use language that is respectful of different abilities.
These classic video games is where it all started. We have really gotten so far away from just playing games.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
Unions are not all that bad and protect people. For Gamers to go and make such a fight makes no sense.
Disagreeing with someone ideologically doesn't mean you should lump entire groups together and make generalizations with hateful speech
Men can also be emotionally high strung people there are negatives to all politician lol
these comedian went on stage to do a job. keep it professionalRude and offensive terms are needed to voice opinions
That kind of nasty language isn't helping anyone understand each other
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Use a different term for women.
I understand the point you're trying to make
There are sooo many other words you can use like dumb stupid obtuse or is your vocabulary just that small.
Keep your language civil. Just because you are mad doesn't mean you should speak like this.
It seems like you just hate women.
You should work on your language skills in regards to women. It will take you far.
Ret---ed" and "c--t" as used here are offensive and should be avoided.
Do not use offensive language to communicate your point.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can communicate your point without using offensive language.
Please don't use sexist language to express your disapproval.
You're allowed to think someone is unintelligent but your language is unnecessary.
Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
This post contains strong homophobic slurs they have no place on this forum.
You can communicate your point without offending a whole group of people.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Please communicate your point without using offensive language.
The 'f' word isn't a word that should be used to win internet arguments. It's derogatory.
Suicide and derogatory names do not make the point more valid. Refrain from using these offensive comments when disagreeing a subject.
Kids Keep it civil and use your language skills.
You shouldn't call people the 'f' word. It's derogatory and completely unnecessary.
Derogatory words do not change what this guy has done. Refrain from offensive comments.
You can get your point across without being uncivil.
The 'c' word is derogatory and should not be used.
You should use language that is a little less trivial.
There are people who have BDSM interests but that's different than this conversation.  I wouldn't sink to anyone's level by abusing back.
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
I think there's a lot more to the output or at least perceived output of anyone than just if their male or female
Please let us refrain from using such a tone inside the forums it does not lead to anything positive and ultimately just comes of our time.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
It is okay to have strong opinions but when you use that language is makes you sound prejudiced.
Your comments are very inappropriate in a discussion about underage children; your attraction or the child's sexuality isn't the focus here.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please remember you're talking about an eleven year old and perhaps not be so disgusting.
refrain from using derogatory terms in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Calling names because you don't agree with something doesn't help anyone.
I think we should focus on the positive interactions in this situation.
I understand you think she is rude and quite ridiculous
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
If we state opinions without calling names it makes the comments more credible in a discussion.
Do not use a persons disability as an insult to others.
Using a word to insinuate that someone is stupid when it is a medical condition people are born with does not help get your point across.
Avoid using vulgar sexual terms when voicing your opinion.
That word is totally disrespectful.You're trying to make a point that you have an open mind while using a heinous word to get your point
Abstain from using vulgar words and using a persons mental disability as an insult.
Just all around offensive to women and special needs people. Using hurtful language doesn't help anyone.
Body shaming is just bullying. Everyone sounds so bitter about people they don't actually know and just assuming everything.
You all must be pretty miserable. Especially because I'm reporting you for using slurs.
The other poster was right you need to calm down a bit.
Please be kinder with regards to your own intelligence and the intelligence of others.
Thank you for showing us what a terrible person you are! I will take my vagina elsewhere and not engage with you further.
Ah yes let's set the response standard to what you post just insulting.
No comment on the veracity of this article but please be kinder to women and refer to them with less harsh language.
Sexual assault can be difficult to prove regardless not all accusations without evidence are malicious.
I don't think referring to someone with a derogatory name for a person with a disability promotes a productive conversation.
Using negative words based on sexual orientation to refer to other is not nice.
n/a
There's no reason to use words like that.
There are a lot of other words you could use beside 'cunt
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
It's not right to make fun of mental handicaps.
You're unlikely to change the other user's opinion if you refer to their daughter with such vulgar words.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Relationships do still hold merit
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
n/a
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
You don't have any proof that the increase in Muslims in the UK is linked to terror attacks there.
Your post uses speech that denigrates religion which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Equal rights doesn't mean men and women have rights to hit each other. Violence is wrong and illegal both ways.
Instead of name calling maybe you could state what she lies about and prove it.
Instead of name calling please tell us something about the person's actions and why you disagree.
Using those terms in their context doesn't mean equality.
Sometimes people just make faces and and shouldn't be labeled as anything in such a hateful context.
I'm not really sure labeling anyone as mentally disabled should be used for someone that complains.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It doesn't really matter what anyone likes It is up to them and only them.
You can't generalize a group of people just because of a few individuals. How would you feel if someone did that to you?
I really don't think we need to be belittling firefighters!  They do a tremendous service to the public.
One's job title has no influence on their individual character. The collar or social status is only that. It isn't a defining mark.
You don't know what other people are going through in their lives or what is the true cause.
While I know of some people who have had vaccine injuries it still is not ever right to put down anyone or use disparaging language!
Vaccine injuries are very real but not all Anti-vaxxers are alike. Some have very legitimate concerns for what goes into the human body.
I can agree that she probably would be worse off at the healing lodge but I don't think it is necessary to use hateful or vulgar language!
Consequences should apply no matter what. A life is a life.
I actually think this is a good idea because private businesses should be just as responsible as everyone else if they are enabling bullies.
People deserve to feel safe no matter how they identify so long as it does no harm to others they contribute all the same to society.
I agree with the last post and I'm a female!  However
Physical strength isn't limited just to men. Women can weight train just as well as men. But to lump all together holds everyone back
I can't even read what you wrote let along get offended by it.
I agree that if she used her race to gain attention by lieing that i not ok.She is mentally not ok but calling her a cunt is crossing line.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using this slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Can't decipher your point through all the anti-woman hate talk.
I understand you response but the choice of words  you use makes no one want to take you serious.
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Use of the words retard and retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this and no one here is making any sense.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
I don't think addressing each other by using derogatory names will advance any kind of understanding.
Please review your words and say them in a way that doesn't express such abhorrence.
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use those words.
Your point of view becomes invalid when you use that word.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
I don't think regarding others with a derogatory word for a mental disability promotes understanding or intelligent conversation.
Please re-frame your thoughts so they aren't so hateful.
You'd have more success swaying people's opinions if you didn't use that word.
Watch the language. You're toeing a line.
Use of the c-word and insults here is not acceptable because it demeans women and is hurtful and offensive.
This language is misogynistic and disgusting.
Watch the language. This isn't appropriate.
I'm sure you're very proud of yourself but there's absolutely no reason to refer to women in that way
The use of that word is derogatory against women and will not be tolerated here due to our no hate speech policy.
I agree that what she did was heinous but there's no reason to potentially offend a bunch of females in your comment.
The use of that word is offensive against women and will not be tolerated here.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Provoking discussions are surely more effective without using offensive slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Calling someone this term doesn't make your argument better.
Consider the topic of discussion next time before resorting to hurtful slurs regarding the handicapped.
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Perhaps examine your use of the word 'retardations
Retard" is no longer socially acceptable due to being considered a disparaging term for the differently-abled. Don\'t be that guy
Better your argument or comment don't just call someone names.
Perhaps use a term more appropriate next time this is a slur against handicapped people.
Don't use that word! It's terribly offensive to women.
Do not use vuglar sexual terms when responding.
The c-word is not acceptable because of its offensive and hurtful nature that affects all women.
You should not use vulgar sexual terms when replying to others
The slang of the c-word is just not acceptable in decent conversation even if not meant to be offensive.
Don't ever say that word
Hey dont use a persons disability as an insult to others.
This r-word even if not intended to be offensive is hurtful - because it is associated with people who have disabilities
That's a terrible word
Do not use sexual terms as that when you post on this feed.
The c-words used here are just offensive and hurtful to women in general and this is not acceptable in our discourse.
That's rude towards gay people
Woah there! Avoid using offensive terms regarding sexual orientation.
The slang is offensive and harmful as it denigrates people with a sexual orientation other than yours.
Let's watch the language. This is a warning.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of Content Policy and User Agreement.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This language isn't appropriate. Be careful.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Heyo
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
I don't know what that word means. If you're not comfortable telling me what it means you shouldn't be using it.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Hey guys
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Using language like 'cunt' is inappropriate here. We can disagree with each other without being nasty.
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Being aggressive and hostile does not get to the heart of your argument. Make a real argument here so that we can address the true issue.
Please use words that are less abrasive and more encouraging.
Calling someone a 'white faggot' shows your own failings.
Please refrain from the distasteful remarks as they are offensive.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
I see you are upset but please express yourself with more friendly words.
Please show respect for others and use less hostility in your speech.
I perceive that you have some concerns but please use language that is less combative.
In the US we all get paid overtime after 40hrs unless you're salary I agree a 1 week vacation for all ft workers would be nice.
Rethink your words please and use utilize ones that are less quarrelsome.
Despite the subreddit this content is not appropriate. This is your only warning.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
It boils down to women are leaving in record numbers now because we're able to live independently which wasn't the case 100 yrs ago.
Stop with the gender based insults and misogyny.
Stop insulting others due to political choices and medical conditions.
Next we need a law where if you're caught over and over lying about these things you go to jail.
There's no need for that language. This is a warning.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
I don't understand why a great movie like Star Wars had to be ruined this way.
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
College kids are just misguided we shouldn't judge the entire future generation by a few bad eggs. They're still figuring things out.
The funny part is most of you guys making fun of students are college students yourselves.
Retarded" disparages the differently abled. Don\'t be that guy
Your use of the r-word undermines the rest of your argument.
n/a
n/a
He's right
Don't use words that are damaging to others' reputations please.
Feminists just want to be equal to men. If you are angry about it just be quiet. someone dying their hair pink shouldn't make you angry.
You can express yourself better by using the C word. Not as offensive.
Explain your thoughts in a way that is less contentious please.
You are using trivial words to get your point across. Try using the "big C" instead
I understand you have feelings that are quite emotionally charged but please use words that are not so sordid.
It clearly isn't against the rules here on reddit.
It is not appropriate to attack people based on their religious affiliation. Debate their ideals not their religion.
I think the word you meant to use is "stupidity
We shouldn't degrade people with disabilities in order to express our disagreement with someone else's actions or thoughts.
Men are believed all the time at their word. Which is one of the reasons these women have to speak up; the men have been believed all along.
It is completely inappropriate to degrade women based on their gender let alone using terms that are degrading to people with disabilities.
The use of the word "cunt" in unnecessary and is not acceptable in this forum.
The use of the word "cunt" is unnecessary and unacceptable in this forum.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The use of the word "cunt" is unacceptable in this forum and unnecessary.
You using an entire race as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Using the words "nigger" and "autist" is not acceptable in this forum.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using the word "cunt" is not acceptable in this forum.
You need to keep the anger out of you conversation. Talk like adults to one another.
Alright. Let's try to keep the conversation adult.
You're putting some very nasty words in their mouth with no evidence.
You both are using language that are minimizing both your intelligence as well as your arguments.  Back off the language people will listen
There are other words that can be used here. African American for example.
Wow man you had me until the foul language.  Back off on that and we can continue the conversation.
I need to you find a different word that is not so derogatory.
That's a really ugly opinion to have
C'mon back off the language a bit and we can continue to discuss.  You point loses validity though when you drop those words.
We are adults. Try to use adult language to get your point across.
Referring to these women in that way (even if they are acting entitled) makes people less likely to take your comments seriously.
You two are a hoot. Saying you'd rather die than deal with difficult people because they are women. I hope you solve your issues
I need facts on why you think France contains all communists.. Name calling is a way to avoid giving facts to back up your belief.
Calling people uncivilized and using slurs in the same sentence takes away your credibility
I'm pretty sure if someone attempts (or commits) suicide it doesn't change their sexuality.
Says a lot that instead of making a detailed response all you can come up with is "kys faggot"
Let's not use that term since it insults women.
Using the slur here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into the discussion. That's an entirely different set of problems.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
While you have strong feelings on the subject please keep the language clean.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please do not single out the mentally retarded. They're not the ones you're taking issue with here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from posting slurs and be instead be articulate with your strong feelings.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender and/or sexual orientation in violation of Community Guidelines and TOS.
Personal insults don't help the debate of a topic at all.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You don't know the reasoning why the sign was removed
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
You're capable of making your point without belittling someone because they disagree with you.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Use of the n-word to insult someone is bigoted and has no place in this conversation because it is so offensive.
This nonsense has no place around here.
The current divisions in our country aren't helped by attacks on each other... clean it up guys
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
I agree that a grown woman shouldn't be getting attention from children and knows better. Lock her up!
I don't think we can judge people's intelligence without knowing more...and labels are a bad idea
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
As a woman I can assure you we don't get equal pay. Every job I had
Careful with the labels...and I'm sure you'd agree that there are some smart people in all parties
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please don't use that term as it is very offensive.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
I'm sure you are able to express your dislike with more positive words.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
Please don't use disrespectful terms for men or people with disabilities.
Rise above the hate by using non-hate filled language #stayabove
Your words reflect some opposition
Women deserve more respect than this term conveys.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no reason to use a term which offends disabled people.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Suspend or ban any accounts that user foul language or have software that doesn't allow foul language along with monitoring for any sexism.
fuck off back to the middle east' is an attack on an ethnicity and is not constructive to the conversation.
The level of ignorance it takes to downplay the evil of the KKK is absolutely astounding
Monitor closely for any negative religious references along with banning members who use foul language in the subreddits.
It sounds like you are taking one bad experience with a former lover and automatically labeling all women as evil
Suspend accounts that use foul language and make any references to sexism and stereotypes associated with genders.
You are really making a lot of generalizations about another race and then complaining about racism. Seems pretty ironic
Suspend or issue warnings to any accounts that use excessive foul language and make stereotypes about specific races and cultures.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Yeah
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Hey guys
To use mental disability to call something stupid only shows how uneducated you are on retardation.
Please do not use offensive language when attacking others
Don't get so angry about it
Do not use someones disability as an insult.
Please refrain from attacking others for their opinions on sensitive subjects such as abortion.
Why call her queer when she probably isn't
Hey now! Please do not use that vulgar language on this site.
Please refrain from attacking others for their sexual orientation or using sexual orientation as an insult.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language
I'd be more open to listening to your perspective if you didn't use that word.
Please remember if criticism is not constructive all your doing is making yourself look simple
When you use that word it reflects poorly on your character.
what about their behavior makes you define them as such? general statements close of conversation
I understand you have a point to make but it's very hard to take it seriously when you use that word.
devaluing humans with words like that devalue your point
You'd be more persuasive if you used a different word for that group.
Please explain what about them makes them lesser as the term you used implies? no one is lesser
Re--rd" and "sl-t" are offensive terms that should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Omit gender offensive language.  Refrain from belittling words especially when describing individuals.   Avoid sexually explicit language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Avoid gender-offensive word(s).
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Remove gender-offensive words.  Omit words that offend the disabled/handicapped.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid indecent word(s) as references for describing individuals.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Avoid language that offends the handicapped and disabled. Avoid words that fuel religious animosity.
Please lose the ableist language in your comment.  It's not helping your argument and it makes the sub look bad.
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
The hateful ableist language in your comment overshadows the point you're trying to make
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please refrain from using the hateful ableist language in your comment.  It really doesn't help your argument or add to the conversation
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race and/or disability which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please lose the hateful ableist and sexist language in these comments.  It does nothing but detract from the conversation you're having
Using the r-word here to insult hurts and demeans others that are not like you alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Clean up your language. It will show your intelligence.
Another sign of this being a toxic community is the flagrant use of slurs. Stop it.
While I appreciate lively political discussion I don't think the intellectually disabled should be brought into it. Especially with slurs.
Try to keep the derogatory language to a minimum. It's not needed to express yourself clearly.
Hey let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. And let's not use the idea of a vagina as an insult please.
Your language and points that you bring up show a lack of character.
I am not entirely sure how I feel about feminism but I am sure that we shouldn't use hurtful words or call anyone names.
Try not to use words like "c***" they show a lack of character.
I agree that it is wise to be aware of things and obtain knowledge but I do not believe the use of harsh names is necessary.
Your language shows a lack of character.
It's sad what some people are driven to do but I do not believe calling them hurtful names and belittling them is not the answer
Everyone has an opinion and we need to treat each other with dignity and respect without using derogatory terms.
This is definitely a complex issue but I believe name calling and hurtful speech never solved any disagreement.
If your goal is to have a conversation with people
Arguments becomes significantly weaker when childish remarks and blanket statements are being thrown around
While I support your judgements of hate crimes being wrong calling people intellectually disabled perpetuates the climate that causes them.
Hey
No sense in the degenerate namecalling.
Actually being disabled is a protective class! In that we are human and it's morally wrong to hurt us! Or to use us as insults!
Hey guys let's stop stigmatizing the intellectually disabled by using the R word. We want this to be a place we can be proud of.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and that word makes you look less intelligent.
Wow buddy you've got a lot of aggression there. Women should be allowed to have whatever attitudes they want towards sex without shaming.
Such hateful and sexist remarks serve no use. These are real people and real victims. Show some respect.
Hey women wanting equal rights does not equal Nazism. Also be kinder to the mentally ill.
Let's act like adults and not resort to hateful name calling.
Assaulting anyone is not only a crime but morally wrong. No one wants to be hit so let's all be kind to each other today.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs as an insult towards others.
Please refrain from using derogatory language when speaking about others.
My son was given a partial and as a woman I didn't know the difference. He hates it now that he's older.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult as well as speaking negatively about an entire gender.
The Prisoner of Azkaban isn't funny at all.
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs when commenting on this platform.
Yea it's getting to the point of signing a consent to talk to a stranger
Your post uses speech that denigrates race which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Please refrain from using racial slurs on this platform.
I don't think calling one of the main character out for being really fucking stupid adds much to your argument.
Using mental disability as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
These slurs are hateful and offensive ways to describe people and lower the discourse.
Use of the c-word is not acceptable as it offends women because of its hurtful nature.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please take a moment to read these people's stories and consider their pain.
Using broad hurtful strokes against groups... any group... hurts individuals
I can see that you are hearing people's opinions but you're making an effort not to internalize them.
Generalizations are always dangerous things in any discussion and hurtful labels never help matters
The poor Simpsons!  I love that show. I don't care it's always a good laugh; humor at it's finest.
This is a pretty extreme conclusion to jump to especially in support of that idea.
I feel like it makes you more comfortable to assume that women are stupid than that they have concerns.
Hurtful labels hurt good people...and don't help the conversation along
You're oversimplifying violence to make a political point.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of good people remember...and not worth the weak chuckle it might give you
Let's rephrase how you described their logic.
5. That's a slur stop it. 7. You're not a psychiatrist stop pretending you get to diagnose people with autism.
That word is derogatory towards women--let's rephrase.
Gendered inflammatory language has nothing to do with this incident
Try saying that again without the slurs.
Stop pretending people you disagree with have a mental disability.
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful labels hurt lots of people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Hurtful generalizations and labels hurt good people remember
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Sexual slurs don't help any conversation
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The slurs don't help any conversation and would be best left out
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
The generalizing slurs aren't helping your point...your comment would be a lot better without them
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Please don't use an offensive and derogatory term to xpress your opinion.  This is wrong and has no place in our society.
This forum does not tolerate offensive language.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
The use of offensive language is prohibited.
Using the "c---" term may offend women and so should be avoided.
Offensive words are strictly prohibited.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Offensive words are prohibited on this website.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. Intellectual disabilities are not rare and it is offensive.
Name calling leads to nothing but confusion on the actual premise of the comment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
The foul language shows a lack of knowledge as to what the topic is about.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
The foul language used has greatly taken away the point of the discussion.
Using the word retarded is hurtful for people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Yes because making fun of disabilities is cool...
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
I hear people use that word to disparage a lot on here. Not sure why it's so popular.
Using the word retarded is offensive to people with mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
The word retard is used too often when you can't find an appropriate way to fight against something or someone
Using the term retard is offensive to people with actual mental disabilities.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. So sad that people use that to insult.
This is your grandmother. I still don't know how this reddit thing works
Cultural appropriation is a serious issue that steals cultural identity. This comment is just bombastic and no culture is involved.
I gave up dressing up as Strawberry Shortcake only a year ago.
I care about what they don't like. And furthermore
Let's refrain from language like that and listen to the other posters.
I don't agree with the removal. That is part of history regardless of it being negative or positive it's history.
Hey
Forgetting your apartment FOB is not a crime or a reason to die.
She was wrong but if he was actually a criminal she would of stopped a crime in it's tracks. This conversation wouldn't be happening.
You can't remove words from their meanings and history
Even if that was common on another site that terminology is not encouraged or acceptable to use.
FIFA Pro's should know better and act more mature than that.
It's a woman's place to comment about women's issues.
I got to say I do like how Jordan Petersen doesn't hold back on commenting.
Call her anything but the C word that word is fowl
I hope you realize that word is very offensive to some.
Retarded should not be used in this context it is offensive to those who are truly retarded.  Faggy talk there is no such thing.
Nobody can focus on your arguments when every other word seemingly is derogatory.
I hate the "c" word.  There are so many other descriptors out there that are not vile or offensive.  Call her a bitch.
I totally get your point but back off a little on the harsh language.  Your argument becomes diluted by using those words.
Your argument was solid and I completely agreed with you.  You shift the focus from your points onto you though when you use words like that
There really is no reason to use the 'r' word like this
The 'r' word is offensive and shouldn't be used even as a joke
Women don't play doctor. They go through the same training and have the same knowledge as male doctors.
If you were a doctor that actively believed in what he was doing the Hippocratic oath would not be null and void.
There were better words you could have chosen instead of the 'r' word
The name calling makes people lose sight of who is being discussed.
No use in using hateful language doesn't add to your argument
Even sarcastically using hate speech only detracts from your argument
Using homophobic slurs doesn't make anyone look intelligent
The name calling shows a lack of vocabulary skills.
Use of "the r word" may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Ableist slurs don't make any sense in this conversation.
"D--bag" and "c--t" are offensive and bigoted terms and should not be used in political discourse.
Doesn't make sense to use offensive language to get your point across.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
Using ableist slurs isn't adding anything to the conversation.
The "n word"" is demeaning offensive and so does not belong here.
Using the term "c--t" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
No reason for that sort of offensive language.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
my mouth does not belong down there 9/11 was not a joke
This term shouldn't be used as an insult.  It's offensive towards women
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
They stand up for every human being.
That term is derogatory towards mentally challenged people and shouldn't be used as an insult
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Broadcasting is everyone's right and you can not comment on refugee as Canada is a country made my refugees.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I have said enough and i don't have any hidden motive so let a man go of with some dignity
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
There was a reason for this censorship and you can read it all about it on the news.
Really no one has the right to tell someone else how many children they can or can't have.
This speech attacks women
This term can be viewed as misogynist in itself.
Calling women names and saying they aren't physically fit enough to do work in a field environment is incredibly ignorant.
Avoid using the term "cunts" it is considered offensive regardless of the context.
Please refrain from using the word "cunt."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling an entire group mentally disabled because they don't agree with your beliefs is beyond ignorant
Please refrain from using the term "retards."  Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
Calling somebody retarded instead of actually attacking their points makes it obvious you don't have any strong response
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Ableist language is insensitive. Enough so that you will receive an IP ban if you continue to use it.
Sexist language is not accepted here. Keep that in mind in the future if you would like to keep your account active.
Using the slurs here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people.
Neither ableist nor sexist language are acceptable here. Both of you have received your warning.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Keep the homophobia off this site or face a permanent ban.
Stop using gender based insults.
I wouldn't say a person who like sex in public is a sex offender. That is pushing it.
Stop using a gender based insult.
This was a very good lesson she can take into adulthood with her.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
She was wrong but at her age she doesn't understand why probably. I blame the parents for the way she was raised.
Stop using gender based insults.
It is awful that she still wanted to go on this trip after killing her friend.
Stop using racist insults.
Maybe I am old but memes just don't do much for me. I try to use them but it's kind of childish.
You should try to keep the conversation civil.
Using derogatory language about women doesn't help support your argument
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations
You can use other language to describe women you don't like. Try it!
Try Stupid person or dumb person
Bad choice of insensitive language which is derogatory to women and is definitely not necessary.
I'm not sure all women should be grouped into being the same group as that's sexist and talk of abuse should not be happening anywhere.
Some of the worst jokes I have heard referencing roasting women and saying that they treat men like dogs just is not funny.
This makes you seem like you look down on people with mental disabilities instead of looking like a valid opinion.
Trying to make an argument whilst using such offensive language just does not work cut it out.
Hey! You can state an opinion without using such language. Go ahead and give it try. You'll see it's easy to comment kindly.
Disagree with a person but no violence here.
That's a bit aggressive but I get why you're upset. We should probably take a step back and see the situation from another perspective.
You're judging a book by a cover. Stop.
You are right; It is often bad to judge a book by it's cover. However sometimes our natural instinct to do so is correct in it's assumption
A body part has nothing to do with this conversation.
Using offensive language doesn't really make you seem intelligent.
I know she is annoying but calling her such would just be an impression of myself not hers
Suicide is a very real issue. I don't care if it's men or women we're all human.
Using offensive language isn't contribution.
Disgusting I know but she must had been mentally sick.
Good because I was abused by my ex-husband. The thought of killing my kids to leave never crossed my mind.
Using offensive language doesn't help your case.
It could be but we cannot correct a wrongdoing by another incorrect behavior.
Police should act more respectful and professional.
Cops need to start being more professional it's out of control.
Maybe you don't like the perspective
Ableist slurs aren't a great look.
I am sure you feel big and strong talking like that but you sound like a bad comedian
Edgy racism is not nearly as funny as you think it is please grow up.
Well I suppose he won he got $6m. Lets move on.
Yeah definitely no issues of your own to work out. Get therapy.
Only write the first part of your answer the point is still made
If the c word is left out the sentiment stays the same
Please use language that is respectful toward women and minorities.
The last word is offensive and irrelevant to the point
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
The word is not needed and could be omitted
Please use language that is respectful toward different abilities.
Replace the word with women or girl and it is not offensive
Offensive language based on disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Offensive language based on race and disability is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
Mentally challenged people have good hearts more than others without disabilities.
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
There is no solid proof that Hillary Clinton lead us straight into Iraq and Libya on false pretenses
Offensive language based on sex/genitalia is not permitted. Please refrain from using such language in the future.
$20 an hour is not below minimum wage.
Using the word retarded as an insult because you disagree with someone is not acceptable.
Calling someone names in anger never solves any problems.
Making jokes that refer to disabilities are not acceptable or cool.
Using an acronym doesn't mean it doesn't hurt someone
Woman hating how original... /s
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Hurtful terms don't really help the conversation
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that thought.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hurtful terms don't really move this conversation along
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that kind of point of view. How sad.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Good people in all groups
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
It is funny because I recall in school being taught girls were smarter. I don't think it really matters either way..
"Re--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Tw-ts" is a sexist and offensive term and does not have a place in political discourse.
If a woman is weak I don't think she would be going shopping or even need a bra fitting.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Fa--ot" as used is patently offensive; the term should be avoided.
I wonder if there was a video or police cam on this one. Might be interesting to watch.
Both "tw-ts" and "c--t" used here to refer to women are offensive and should be avoided.
I just heard he got his ex-wife pregnant. Not sure if it's true but then that throws out the never getting married again theory.
We shouldn't make mockery of people's disability please.
I'd be more apt to agree with your point if you didn't use that word.
Being middle-eastern does not make them terrorists. Please check your racism bigotry and mysogynism at the door
Everything is wrong with this I don't know if I can even try to begin to tell you what you said wrong.
You can't use sexuality as a means of insulting people as ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are.
"Cocksuckers" is offensive and while colorful does not impart exactly your reason for disparaging this person
"Retarded" is no longer socially acceptable due to being disparaging for the differently abled. However moronic and idiotic have no stigma
To begin with learn different words for stupid and second well I cant even begin on your views of 14 year olds.
"Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable after having been a disparaging word for a group that\'s severely persecuted in history
Then maybe Reddit isn't for you.
Why do you have to use such a demeaning and derogatory term? You could have expressed your opinion using some other language
Would be easier to respect your opinion without the ableist slur.
Women's parts are not something that should be used as an insult
Why do you have to use such a derogatory and demeaning term? you could express your opinion with different language.
I see you delight in others's pain. Your mother must be proud of you. Especially with how you refer to women.
Derogatory terms are unnecessary just be friendly to other people
Sad that you think using derogatory slurs is funny.
Can't really respect your opinion when you think it's okay to use derogatory language like that.
Please do not use language and phrases that are demeaning to women.
It is never okay to use slurs against other people. You can dislike her all you would like but don't be rude.
Please do not use language that is demeaning to those with disabilties or women.
Making fun of people with disabilities to get your point across is not okay. There's also other words instead of slurs against women to use.
Using the slur here hurts and demeans gays alienates and is not acceptable.
Says a lot about you that you can't just use the proper term
Using the slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
So many words that could have been used instead of just calling them retarded
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
All of your comments along with feeling the need to call them a cunt is really telling about the type of person you are
You need to improve your language.  Derogatory/demeaning terms are not needed to get your point across so please stop using them.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
This language is unnecessary.  You could have passed on over this post and never even used the language that you did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Using the c-word and calling people whores is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Its he said vs she said so you shouldn't just flat out insult these women. Two sides to every story.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with disabilities.
Well the great thing about a TV show is that you can turn it off. No biggie.
Using the slur here is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
Calm down friend its just bad reporting.
Using the r-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Times do look crazy at the moment but don't add to it.
Using retarded as an insult is hateful to many people and unacceptable for use here.
You\'re not really doing yourself any favor using the word "faggot". It just makes you look ignorant.
The insult faggots regarding the LGBTQ community is hateful and unacceptable on this forum
The thing you disagree with her about has nothing to do with her being a female.
Similarities aside saying a violent fascist group is the same as a group calling itself anitfa for "anti fascist" is just wrong.
Using retarded as an insult is unacceptable hate speech do not use it.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
This a downright offensive slur that demeans all woman and this should be obvious to you.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This is a slur that is cheap and offensive and lowers the discourse.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop using gender based insults.
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Stop gender bashing.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Don't put down people for their political choices or medical conditions.
Please refrain from making personal attacks on others wether or not you agree with their actions.
Using ableist slurs don't make you seem very intelligent.
I feel bad for the elderly. Especially those without family to help them.
Offensive language doesn't really belong in any intelligent conversation.
Not really. I have a 4 year degree and I cannot find work. Either they say I'm overqualified or they just don't hire me.
YouTube changed the copyright policies and everybody lost money including them.
Using offensive slurs don't really add to the conversation.
Poor guy was assaulted for doing the moral thing; terrible.
Judging someone by their belief system only makes the situation worse as everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Using homophobic slurs isn't helping prove any point.
Everyone is different in their own unique ways.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
You should try to watch other films if this one only brings hate out of you.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding sexual orientation.
She has a name.
Please refrain from using terms that have a derogatory connotation regarding gender.
Your opinion is hard to take seriously when it's laced with ableist slurs.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. You seem like an irrationally angry person.
Using misogynistic language doesn't help get your point across.
You seem obsessed with women
Using ableist slurs doesn't really help any point you're trying to make.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Abuse comes in many forms and it doesn't matter if you're a man or woman.
There's really no reason to be using misogynistic slurs in any commentary.
I'd love to hear what your mom thinks of that
I don't think anyone can make a claim like this without strong data to back it up.
This statement is not backed up by science.
Hey poor white people don't deserve to be criticized without warrant. They have enough problems.
It sounds like you're the bitter one to me. And please don't use hate speech.
Stop using gender based insults and promoting violence.
Use of the c-word and violent language here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it demeans women.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
Use of the slur here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals.
Calling someone names doesn't give a good impression of them only an impression of the user of the name calling.
Stop using sexual and political choices as insults.
Use of the slurs here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates homosexuals (even if you are bisexual).
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
Don't use a medical condition as an insult.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Don't use gender based insults.
Imagined being so bad at life that seeing people being beaten is the highlight of your day.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Right whatever you need to tell your brain to convince yourself that women can never be right.
Using gender as the butt of a joke is a low tier accomplishment that middle schoolers achieve regularly
If you feel strongly about an issue put your efforts into solving the problem
Please refrain from the ableist language in your comments.  It's not helping your argument or adding anything to the debate in this thread
Maybe you could put together another means of paying respects to these men instead of spending your time to bad mouth her.
Using sexist language in your comment isn't benefiting your argument and it's not adding anything productive to the sub's conversation
I agree it's stupid but I think we can do better than using a word that disparages the differently abled.
I think ridiculous would be a better description.
The ableist language you're using in your comment is not adding anything remotely productive to the thread.  Please refrain in the future
I think the term alt-right is vague and I can see how the journalist classified you as such
I think you could find better ways to say you don't agree.
Please refrain from using the ableist language you've used in your comment.  It adds nothing to your argument or the conversation
Not sure what anyone is hoping to accomplish with the disrespectful comments. Seems there are a lot better ways to get your point across.
Using the ableist language you've included in your comment is not adding to the debate in the thread in any way.
You can express your opinion without using offensive language.
Please express your opinion without using offensive language.
A term used in this post has been deemed as offensive and unacceptable to use on this site.
Do not use language that is hateful and completely disparages an entire group of people.
Do not use language that offends half of our population to make your point.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult when speaking about others.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs when speaking about others especially the LGTB community itself.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Perhaps reconsider using the word 'faggot' next time.
Such slurs have no place in our conversation because this denigrates homosexuals.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
Consider why certain words here could be deemed offensive I'm certain that was not the aim of your point.
Use of the r-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of people with a disability.
Considered whether offensive and accusatory language is really appropriate here.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women..
I'm not sure a hateful slur was really necessary to make this point.
Use of the c-word to insult is not acceptable in our discourse as it is a hurtful and offensive denigration of women.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Stop with the gender bashing and medical condition insults.
Offensive language is not necessarily in this discussion.  Each of you have opinions that can be expressed without using these terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. Do better.
Violent language against people with disabilities does nothing to further your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
They shouldn't of gotten rid of Chuck in the first place. No way anyone can do better than he did.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Spitting on anyone is just so disrespectful. But I don't think it should be a reason to fire someone.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Using language that is violent towards people with disabilities does nothing for your argument it just makes you sound ignorant.
Nobody needs to be hit. The lady should of acted like an adult and been respectful of others. We are losing this in the USA.
This language is violent and unnecessary. Using slurs does nothing for your argument except make you seem ignorant.
Mad max can be far right and still have his own desires behind closed doors.
Is that any way to talk to a stranger user? Keep that kind of language on 4chan
Please we are both fortunate enough to be able to pay for dinner lets move on.
There's no need to use ableist language. You made your point clear without it. This is your warning before earning a suspension.
It is a good perspective on how woman feel regardless of who they are or what they suffer with.
Here's a reminder for you--don't use hate speech in your posts if you want to keep your account active.
Re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
That term has been offensive for years pretending you don't know that won't protect you from an IP ban if you continue using it.
It is considered morally incorrect to refer to mentally retarded people in that way so I would prefer that we didn't.
Hard to understand what you're trying to say when you use nothing but offensive language.
You know that less people will pay attention to you when you use language like that.
Hard to take you seriously when you think it's okay to use offensive language like that.
You point is valid but you lose some credibility when you use language like that.
Using offensive slurs like that makes it hard to take anyone seriously.
You all are making valid points to some degree but its getting lost in all of the vulgarity.
You're not strengthening your argument by using slurs
Following the law isn't about upholding old cultural norms. It's about respect. For everyone.
It's not a good look to use that kind of language just to insult a reviewer you don't like.
Instead of Jason and his journalism others out there are serving us bettter.
You're kind of making her point for her by acting like this.
Sounds like you are a bit jealous.  Sounds like you could do with a bit of attention.
Any little blue pill popping man will make even the prettiest girl act up.
Please do not respond to other users using sexually vulgar language
It's hard to take you seriously when you use derogatory language like that.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please do not use vulgar language when posting on here.
Hey now you can get your point across with out using that sexually vulgar language.
Cultural appropriation despite the beliefs here is a thing. Whether it's bad is up for debate but I know slurs are. Stop it.
I agree that everyone is entitled to their opinion but I do not believe that using hateful language is a good way to get a point across.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and so are all other insults here.
Regardless if a woman is blameless I don't think that hurtful and vulgar language is an appropriate response.
Use of the c-word is hurtful spiteful and completely unacceptable as it is derogatory against women.
Please don't use the r-word in your posts. It is offensive to the millions of people with intellectual disabilities and their families.
I think asking questions is a great way to gain knowledge but using improper english is not always the most tactful thing.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Although it may have been deserved I don't think name-calling or using hurtful words is very productive.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in decent discourse as it denigrates women.
Name calling only shows the characteristics of the person doing it.
Calling her that will not make you feel better about yourself.
Attempting to read something with so much foul language and find the point of view is nearly impossible.
It really shouldn't bother you so much if a he does turn into a she says more about you than them.
Name calling in no way shows the characteristics of that person but it speaks volumes about the one doing the name calling.
I seriously doubt that this person is mentally diminished.
The use of foul language shows a lack of actual information.
Im pretty sure your mother would not share the same views as you on this matter.
Using the foul language and suggestions of certain behavoirs makes the point of conversation disappear.
You disagree with feminism because the power structure plays to your interests. That does not mean it's inherently unintelligent.
No news editor should ever say diversity isn't strength. Our entire country is built on diversity.
Last I checked
I could never tell my grandmother she couldn't say anything.
Refrain from using offensive comments regarding sexual terms.
Men know what consent is. They also understand when they're using slurs towards intellectual disability. You know what you're doing. Stop it
Men know when a woman is consenting or not. That is just a way to get out of trouble.
Please dont use a persons disability as a term for an insult.
The problem you're talking about isn't a problem. It is the result of being together a long time and what marriage is built on.
Avoid using offensive terms regarding females in your response.
Maybe you would have more cordial relations with women if you didn't refer to them using slurs.
No man should ever leave a woman in harms way of an assault. I don't care how rich or poor she is or arrogant.
Woah watch your language when responding to posts. Do not use cultural or sexual orientation as an insult to others.
Using the slurs and hate here to insult hurts and demeans wpomen and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Just because I think different from you it doess mean you have to say those things
What the woman did was awful
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable in our conversations.
Thats your point of view relax
Maybe you are right but I dont think that is the whole true
Using the c-word here to insult hurts and demeans and is not acceptable in our conversations.
You dont know the reality of every people. No one can affirm anything
Using the c-word here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
That language is completely unnecessary and should not be used to express your opinion
Don't use a medical condition to insult others.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is offensive to people with disabilities and has no place in daily conversation
Please don't use a medical condition as an insult.
Using the r-word here hurts and demeans people with mental disabilities alienates and is not acceptable.
Please do not use that term it is derogatory and offensive to people with actual disabilities and has no place being used in conversation.
Using the c-word and slur here hurts and demeans women alienates and is not acceptable.
Why would you want to use such fowl language to comment on something that has nothing to do with your life?
Using the slurs here hurts and demeans people other than you alienates and is not acceptable.
Yeah this is definitely going on r/AsABlackMan...
That word was used as a derogatory term for slaves and has no place in society today regardless of what color your skin is it should never
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Please do not use that word as an insult to someone that is unfair to the people that have disabilities
Please use language that is respectful of the differently abled.
You used a word that is hate speech toward people with disabilities and that will not be tolerated here.
Please use language that is respectful of different sexual orientations.
That word is offensive toward the LGBT community and will not be tolerated here.
The use of that word is derogatory toward women and will not be tolerated.
Please use language that is respectful of women.
I understand the anger especially if she is an animal abuser but the use of hate speech (including toward women) is not tolerated.
Yeah she's going to prison
This type of rhetoric is derogatory towards targeted groups and the point can be made without these words.
How original an insult... /s
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
It might be outlandish but let's keep the conversation civil. We're all entitled to our opinions.
This type of rhetoric is derogatory and the point can be made without these words. Please refrain from using such terms.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this. That's low.
I'm so tired of that word. Everyone has abilities and inabilities. Some men are louder to make up for other limits. We don't announce it!!
These derogatory terms such as "retard" and "arseface" are very uncalled for. Please watch your language.
Use more gender appropriation avoid slang and deragotory gender pronouns and descriptors.  Avoid harsh and aggressive adjectives and slang.
Feminists are just human beings fighting for their human rights. Please refrain from using the term in a negative context.
Avoid using term 'feminists
Women are not objects so you should not refer to them as such especially when talking about intercourse.
Avoid sexually explicit language.  Refrain from deragatory/slang pronouns to identify gender.
Ummm
"Bint" is a very hurtful derogatory term that should not be used to describe women. That was uncalled for.
"Retard" is a derogatory term and is an insult to mentally ill people. You should not be using that word with a negative connotation.
Avoid deragatory language.  Refrain from curse words when describing individuals.  Omit offensive language towards handicap.
The concern here is that real women are getting hurt this isn't a rhetorical exercise.
Stop using medical conditions as insults.
I don't think that you had any purpose to saying this except to insult people.
Stop using sexual choices as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
Considering the history of harm against gay people you should think twice before using this as a joke.
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
If you want to be taken seriously in this argument you shouldn't continue to use your reflexive insults.
Stop picking on political choices and bashing people for their gender.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
How original an insult... /s
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Wow hateful
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
I think it is more of a mental disorder to constantly cut others' down to prove your point.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Even though she did something horrible we don't need to lower ourselves a level by calling her names.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
It is not a good idea to use the word retarded to describe people with different views if you want to be taken seriously.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
We should respect people with mental disabilities and not use derogatory terms to describe other things.
Hard to respect anything you have to say when you think it's okay to use ableist slurs.
Talking about women this way may be why you are having trouble connecting with them.
You might've had a good point
Regarding human connection this cynically is not going to help you to be happy in life.
One of you is wrong and one of you is right and both of you need to stop using offensive language towards women.
Using offensive language doesn't really help get any sort of point through.
These comments are clearly made only to upset people and you should take a look at people having a healthy conversation around you.
What a heinous and disgusting thing to say. I hope one day you grow up and learn to have shame.
Using misogynistic language isn't really helping anyone respect your opinion.
If you are worried about protecting girls you shouldn't be using sexist language.
There's no reason to use language like that just because you're upset. Think about all the women you're offending.
Using homophobic slurs isn't adding to the discussion.
It might be best to consider why these ideologies are received negatively instead of feeling victimized.
It makes no sense to use a term that is so highly offensive in this context. Reddit has a diverse user base and is not full of homosexuals.
People that have autism don't choose to have it and you should choose respect for people choose your words wisely
Please do not use mental illness as an insult when referring to others
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
They don't deserve ridicule they need support
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language in comments.
There is not a reason in the universe for genocide. These people cannot help they were born and live where they do.
Please refrain from advocating genocide and using derogatory language as well as mental illnesses as insults.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
this language doesn't support anyone's argument bad people are bad people but not all women are involved here
What does this language add to anyone's argument stereotyping doesn't belong here
even if you don't agree with it using that kind of language and hate speech just perpetuates it and doesn't help your argument
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
how does this contribute to any argument it's unnecessary hate speech
Let's avoid this kind of language.
Defining someone by their gender and sexuality shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
Why do you have to use such offensive language to express your opinion? Those words should never be used to describe another person
I realize you're quoting...somebody
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Let's try to avoid this kind of language in the future. I understand you're quoting a movie
Please don't use offensive and derogatory terms to express your opinion about something this trivial.
I don't think there is a rape culture
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Putting others down and using foul language makes others not take the comments seriously.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone names shows how little of a person they truly are.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Calling someone such a despicable name shows the world your lack of intelligence.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
With all the name calling it is easy for someone to lose sight of whatever point the commenter was attempting to make.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
More moderators to monitor misogyny and a button that the harassed can use to  keep users who have harassed them from commenting to them.
Most women are perfectly wonderful don't generalize your feelings to all of them
Moderators can discourage useless comments that don't add anything to the conversation.
"Re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
"Ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"B--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and detract from intelligent discourse. They should be avoided.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Feminists is an acceptable term but probably using cunt is too much.
While I agree should we consider we would get a lot more agreement without the c words?
I don't understand what the gay community has to do with your disagreement with this person.
we can have a mature discussion without calling names. let us all be adults here.
We might get further intellectually if we get gone with the name calling. Worth a try?
This is exactly the problem. That word is highly offensive to many females. There's just no need.
we can have different opinion but we can state that without being too emotional
We were doing well until the lazy **** though/ I know it was meant conversationally but it really takes away from all. Make sense?
To answer the question of this thread--yes it is offensive in this use. Now that you've been warned further use could lead to suspension
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Using sexist language is not acceptable. Try actually contributing something next time. Such hate speech will just lead to suspensions.
Calling someone names is a sign of ignorance.
Misrepresenting an article won't lead to a ban but using sexist language can. Next time don't risk it and keep such language off the site.
You are making far too many generalizations with no evidence to back up your claims.
There's a lot to unpack here but the gist of it is this--using sexist language will lead to a ban in the future.
Women aren't foreign creatures they are human same as you.
If you can't express your feelings without using sexist language
She may be evil but using language like that takes away from your statement.
Cease the painful comments to others who are innocent.
The insult you used intends to hurt a specific group of people and is hateful
Tell me how you feel but leave out the damaging remarks.
Automatically dismissing women's opinions is extremly inapropriate. You are taking down half of the population because you do not understand
Let me hear your feelings without the degrading speech.
I don't know that I'd go quite that far but yes it was a silly thing of them to say.
Please do not use that vulgar term when describing others.
I don't think it's necessarily good to classify people like that. But I understand the point.
Do not use a disability as an insult to others.
Automod was dumb
I think it might be a bit wrong to refer to a nationality like that.
Woah! There is no place for that language here. Do not use those terms again.
I don't think that is a good thing to call them.
Please avoid using that term regarding a mental disability
This is an interesting perspective but it's hard to digest when you use a word like that.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use that word.
Using 'retarded' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
It's very hard to understand your point of view when you use that word.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates people with mental disabilities.
I understand the point you're trying to make
Using the word 'cunt' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the c-word here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
Using the word 'twat' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Use of the slur used here is not acceptable because it is hurtful and offensive as it denigrates women.
The thing is with lawsuits is that the victims never really get enough of the money. It is wasted on lawyers and specialists.
Everything you have said is somewhat acceptable other than using the r word for no reason.
I see that you were quoting someone
Both sides are out of control. Just like with racism there is no reason anymore in 2019 to have such a divide!
You're doing a good enough job making yourself look bad using language like that. Keep sexist language off the site or be banned.
Men have a right to stick up for themselves but honestly both genders need to just stop and get along again.
So rude without any reason! Let's move forward with some more positive dialogue.
Racism/homophobia are unacceptable. Continue to use the language or perpetuate the stereotypes seen in this thread and you'll be permabanned
Eating dogs might be acceptable in other countries but in America that isn't something we do openly.
This is a dumb joke and this entire thread should stop.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS  Agreement.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
I wouldn't drag people with disabilities like that. Do better.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
I wouldn't compare disabilities to this.
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability which is in violation of our Community Guidelines and Terms of Service Agreement.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
The more name calling I use the more right I am" -You
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Community Guidelines and TOS Agreement.
To use sexuality an of insult is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"shit track"\n2. inadequate expression:"screaming faggot"
Stop using sexual choice as an insult.
1. inadequate expression :"dyke rage"
It isn't funny or edgy to behave this way
Stop using medical conditions and sexual choices as insults.
1. inadequate expression : "some retards"\n3. inadequate expression: "stop oppressing me faggot !"\n5. inadequate expression: "to choke you"
Hey
Stop using medical conditions as an insult.
2. inadequate word and expression: "Dumbass. Retarded fucking dumbass."\n4. inadequate expression: "Dimwit. Retarded fucking"
1. inadequate expression:"but racist taddle tales do"\n2. inadequate expression: "the black chick"\n3. inadequate expression: "kid retarded"
It's possible to have a conversation without resorting to slurs.
You'd get your point across in a more effective manner if you didn't use those words.
Let's calm down on the slurs.
I understand the point you're trying to make but it would be more effective if you didn't use that word.
Heeeyy...you can find something else a little better to say than that word!
It's very hard for me to want to listen to your point of view when you use that word.
That's offensive to those who are mentally handicapped.
When you use words like those it reflects poorly on your character.
People sometimes get lower paying jobs while going to school or in-between higher paying jobs everyone deserves to have food on the table.
Use of the word moron and retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
You're throwing a really wide net to say the entire fourth largest continent in the world is a hell hole for people who are men.
There are women who are capable of loving someone just as there are men.  On the other hand there are people who are incapable of feeling.
Use of the c-word is offensive and derogatory towards women.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
The use of the c-word sullies the discussion here; use of this word is derogatory towards all women and not acceptable.
Hate speech isn't very attractive!  I think we can find more positive ways and words of expressing ourselves!
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
Attacking people based on race is unacceptable hate speech (even if done jokingly). Please debate with ideas not insults.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please do not use slurs based on disabilities (e..g the "r" word). Your argument should be able to stand without it.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using slurs based on mental health (the "r" word) is considered hate speech. Please make your arguments without using on them.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Please refrain from referring to one's national origin
Attacking someone by using ableist slurs is no way to have an argument.
Use of the word retarded is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Please knock off the name calling.  You can express your opinion without using derogatory remarks that are incredibly offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the language "Stupid cunt" is an attack on women and you should not continue to say this.
More appropriate words to use are "mentally handicapped" and "homosexual"
Please refrain from using language classified as hate speech in your posts including homophobic misogynistic or ableist insults.
Just because you don't understand someones sexual orientation gives you no right to insult them in the manner that you have.
More appropriate words to use are "homosexuals" and do not use the word \'degenerates\'
Please refrain from using language that could be classified as hate speech in this case homophobic insults. It adds nothing to the convo
a more appropriate word to use is 'technohomosexuals''
Please refrain from using hateful and homophobic language in your comments.  It adds nothing productive to the conversation.
the word 'homosexual' is more appropriate to use but shouldn't be used either in this case.
Let's refrain from using hateful speech in this case misogynistic and homophobic insults.  It adds nothing to the conversation of the sub.
While I understand you guys are frustrated these words are hurtful to people that aren't your intended target.
"Ret--d" and its variants offend many and must be avoided here.
Using "tw-t" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
You made a very well-reasoned argument up until your unnecessarily sexist last sentence then you lost me.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
Must we add insult to injury in regard to mentally and physically challenged folks by comparing them to Trump?
"Ret---ed"  as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey this conversation has nothing to do with handicapped people.
People sometimes will interpret things in a way you don't like. Don't cry 'unintelligent' when it could just be a difference in opinion.
C--t" and "re--rd" are offensive and hateful terms; please avoid using them in this forum.
You're trying to confirm your own biases and being unnecessarily harsh because of it.
It's better to assume ignorance than malice true but it's also better not to use slurs to refer to ignorance. See it as a teaching moment.
Ret--d" used here unfairly targets the mentally disabled and their families.
I wish you could meet the people that you hurt with this kind of langugae.
I doubt that blogger is as unintelligent as you say- not that it's a bad thing to be intellectually disabled of course.
since it offends many
Even if this story is true you went in with really racist assumptions.
I think you are misrepresenting black people. Please don't refer to them with that term.
Using foul language doesn't make your point more valid it simply makes you seem as if you have a lack of a vocabulary.
Do you have to refer to them in offensive language?
Defining someone by their social class is one of the easiest ways to look stupid.
do you even understand what you're saying
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
do you have to say retarded?
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
It's like that homosexual slur is the only word you know! You should definitely expand your vocabulary!
Please do not use the word faggot
Using the slur here to insult is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates homosexuals.
Making fun of a serious disease like is done here is offensive and hurtful to decent people everywhere.
I can't believe several posters are on here admitting they looked at illegal content. The hateful slurs used in your posts don't help.
Derogatory remarks are uncalled for
The insults levied here are all highly offensive to groups of people and as such this type of hurtful speech has no place here.
RAcial stereotypes are ignorant
Mocking someone's fear isn't col. Neither is the name calling.
Misogynist text is ignorant
Using the c-word is not acceptable in decent society because it hurtfully and offensively denigrates women.
This comment is ridiculously offensive to many groups of people especially lesbians. It is just unnecessary.
Just because someone likes someone of the same sex doesn't mean you're a bad person.
There is no way to stop recognizing how we're created. Yes a man holds sperm
The mocking tone and the use of retarded are both rude and offensive.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you does not mean they are dumb.
So I really don't see the issue between anime and fascism.
Just because you don\'t agree with what an author writes does not mean the author is "a retard." Much better words can be used.
Just because someone has a different opinion doesn't mean yours is better.
It is not sexist to hold women accountable
Being feminist does not make someone an idiot. Not all feminists play "victim" and telling them to shove it up their twat is so vulgar.
Just because someone has a different opinion than you doesn't mean they are less than you.
Using "Tw--s" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Name calling does not make your point more valid.
Using the "c---" term and insulting the aged are both offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean calling them names will solve the problem.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using "ret---ed" "fag--t" "tw-t" and/or "cu-t" are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
Using foul language and name calling does nothing to validate your point it only creates arguments.
Your insult game is mad whack.
Using foul language and talking down on others only starts arguments it doesn't make your point of view heard.
To define someone by their race shows your narrow mindedness as people act out of their perceived norms all the time
You really wanting something to be a fact and citing obviously biased carelessly done studies doesn't make that a fact.
Using foul language only shows that you either didn't grasp the article or you have a lack of a vocabulary.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
"Ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that viewpoint.
Both using the "c---" term and misogynistic hatred directed at women are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment. You don't seem like the most rational person.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is boring yet offensive--it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
opinions can be expressed without slander.
point can be made without derogatory.
The pejorative uses of "c--t" here is hateful and detracts from intelligent discourse. It should be avoided.
slandering individuals is only creating bigger issues.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
agreeing to disagree is whats best when conversations begin to escalate.
Using "ret---ded" to mean low intelligence may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here
Writing a comment consisting of nothing but a derogatory slur isn't really adding anything to the discussion.
That is a poor choice of words pick something better
Using offensive slurs thinking that they add to the conversation in any way makes you seem ignorant.
Lift your conversation out of the gutter you can do better.
Using derogatory language like that defeats the purpose of your argument.
Using derogatory language isn't any way to get your point across in an argument.
You have been flagged for using hate terms choose your words more carefully.
Just cause she's a lady it doesn't mean you should call her a cunt.
Please do not use sexist language in your posts.
Please do not use language that perpetuates racist stereotypes.
User 9 why are you so angry about this it isn't that big of a deal. Chill out man.
Even if she did abuse her mother you don't need to call her a cunt. That's a bit much.
You don't have to call someone retarded. Didn't your mother ever teach you that if you don't have anything nice to say don't say nothing.
It might not seem that deep but a lot of people do use video games to express internal bias. It's not right.
Using 'retards' as an insult is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
its inappropriate to use words like cunt and retarded as they directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness respectively
You should respect people's religious beliefs and cultural experience.
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Using the word 'cunts' as an insult is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
None of you sound smart. Police brutality is a serious issue and you should try engaging with it in a more understanding way.
Its inappropriate to use words (retard and cunt)that directly attack people based on their gender or mental illness.
They are ableist as well as racist since that slur paints the intellectually disabled in a bad light.
Hey guys please do not use someones disability as an insult.
Don't taunt others when they're down. Especially not with slurs.
Woah there is no reason to use that type of vulgar term.
Avoid using those vulgar terms when posting in response to others.
There is no reason to use hateful terms regarding sexual orientation in these posts.
You can make the same argument and points without using this speech. It will make your post more enjoyable and readable
Females generally don't get passes just because they're female.
Simply find better words. This will likely result in you getting more upvotes and karma on Reddit. No one wants downvotes.
More moderators on this subreddit to cut down on misogyny
Disable the chatbox from typing offensive words.
The face she's making might just be her poker face.  More investigation would have to be done on her training.
If you cannot add something that furthers the conversation of the topic then do not post at all
Disable the chatbox from displaying offensive words
This comment contains a slur that is very harmful for gay people.
excercising your free speech by being offensive...nice
The r word is a slur that affects mentally disabled people. Even medically it's an outdated term.
a little much
Not only are there words being used to degrade women here the entire comments are degrading to women. Absolutely horrifying.
To be honest it's simple. We have somewhat free speech online. If I don't like what a person posts I just unfollow them or block them.
The real reason is because law and order has many different meanings in various cities.
I think she doesn't want to bothered today that's all.
Not sure who specifically you are referring to but you might want to explain yourself in more detail without the vulgar language.
Wow that is awful. Even if I don't really like my family I still have a moral obligation to be kind to them.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using words that are commonly regarded as derogatory towards women.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
With the words you choose to use you are reinforcing a culture of hatred.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided
Using this language does not promote a constructive conversation on this subject no matter how horrible this woman's actions were.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Resorting to hateful rhetoric is a poor way to support your point in any argument
C--t" and "cow" are offensive inappropriate and misogynistic terms; they should not be used here.
Stop with the gender bashing insults.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in civilized discourse. It is an offensive slur that is hateful toward all women.
Retard" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
Use of the word retard and gay in this thread is offensive because it equates with being inferior and that is wrong.
Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families please try to avoid it.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Use of the word retard is offensive because it equates intellectual disability with being inferior and that is wrong.
While I agree that anti-vaxers are misinformed
My son had a bad reaction and now has mild autism and a rare muscular disease. So ant-vaxers aren't crazy. Just do your research.
Everyone is entitled to there opinion.
Let's not bring the intellectually disabled into this. Especially not with slurs.
Star Trek Discovery is awesome!
Making up words is literally how language advances. It is perpetuated by people using words they're not supposed to use
It is more of an aggressive personality if a player is triggered. Nothing to do with gender.
Hey guys
Every language has their good and bad words. Let's leave it at that and move on.
I don't understand how any woman would appreciate the terms you used.
Please refrain from making sexist and gender demeaning comments.
"B--ch" and "c--t" used to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
I don't believe there is any event that vindicated the use of a word that condemns all women.
Please do not use language that is demeaning towards women.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Using "tw-t" pejoratively here is offensive and should be avoided.
Please do not make comments attacking women.  Also refrain from using language that demeans those with disabilities.
"Retar---ion" offends many and detracts from the rest of your argument.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Tell me how you feel but please reappraise your language.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please limit the negative comments that are demeaning to others.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Please change your words to ones that are more congenial.
Both "fa--ot and "c--t" are offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
Remember that others have feelings so please reconsider the talk that is demeaning.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that language.
Not sure if you're trying to be deliberately edge but please watch the language in this subreddit.
Stop using gender based insults.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
Watch the language please. This is not appropriate.
Stop using gender based insults.
Your point isn't wrong but you need to check the language.
Stop using a medical condition as a slur.
You're disturbingly obsessed with women.
This conversation needs to calm down a little so I'm stepping in. Please watch the language.
Stop using gender based political choices and racist propaganda as insults.
While your sentiment is not wrong you need to avoid this type of language.
This is a serious medical concern. No need to start with the anti-woman slurs.
Homophobic language will not be tolerated here.
No reason to use homophobic slurs. Sexuality has zero to do with this topic.
This language is not acceptable. While you make a point this is not necessary.
This is a very interesting viewpoint despite your hateful comments suggestion the poster's lack of intelligence in your opinion.
Let's avoid this language please.
This type of language mocks mentally challenged individuals and has nothing to do with your point.
The name calling isn't necessary; just say they're stupid and  move on.
Hey i am retarded and very offended.  Retards are more intelligent than that lobotomized sponge.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
You're making a lot of assumptions about these people when you've never met them. They probably aren't nearly as bad as you think.
You lose you're arguement with me when you compare  use some of the terminology you do
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Trying to fight fire with fire here isn't going to change anything. You're allowed to be upset
You don't have anything more clever than that?
Racist views are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting
Using a slur like 'cunt' doesn't make your argument any better
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
You don't have any proof that people with mental handicaps are dangerous. Look up some real data and you might change your mind.
Educate yourself.  This is an incredibly ignorant view and you should work on it.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided here.
What is the point of using that language in this context it is irrelevant
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
I don't think it's fair to lump entire countries together anyway we all have lots of different types of people with different ideas
Regardless of the context "faggot" is such an offensive term it should be avoided.
Why do you care what other people do with their lives it doesn't affect you
Someone's gender shouldn't be a reason to hate someone and not all men are terrible.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Even though the mom has done something terrible such as this the justice system will find the right punishment for her besides hanging.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Sounds like you're speaking from experience. Do you want to talk about what your ex-girlfriend did to make you miserable?
She will eventually be punished but there is no point on stooping to there level and call people names.
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Revise content to remove negative comment re: sexual orientation
Stop using sexual choice based insults.
Slang term for female genitalia is not permitted.
Stop using a gender based insult.
Remove 2nd sentence in your comment please.
Stop using gender based and medical conditions as an insult.
Racist comments are not permitted.
Stop using negative racist terms as insults.
Refrain from using slang terms for people with disabilities.
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
You using a person's gender as an insult only shows how narrow minded you are.
Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable because it disparages a group of people that have been historically persecuted
Hey gay people are accepted now. Calling them slurs just outs you as a bigot.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Luckily ableist slurs are not institutionalized into the literature of computer science. However they seem to be wired into your brain.
Mentally challenged individuals tend to be highly intelligent so to use that as a way to describe something as stupid is ignorant.
Retarded" is not a cool word to use anymore. It was formally a word used to disparage the differently abled. Luckily we\'re more civilized
Hey guys I agree with your politics but let's not use the r-word.
Using mental illness as a way to call something stupid is only showing of your lack of creativity
There is little going on here except for hate speech and that has to stop.
how is that comment helpful
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
No need to use that word.
No need to use that degrading word.
ideology doesn't have to lead us all to use hateful speech
Stop using political choices and medical conditions as insults.
These comments come off as childish.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey that term is offensive towards women. If you hate women keep using it otherwise don't.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Hey the r-word has unfortunate reminders of the history of the intellectually disabled. Let's not use it and make reddit a pleasant place.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Hey that word is offensive towards gays.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
Just because someone disagrees with you does not mean their views are dumb.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that hate speech should not be tolerated here or anywhere.
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that sentiment.
I think it's possible. A lady could spike a mans drink and rape him just like a man can to a woman.
Please refrain from using offensive and derogatory language when referring to others.
People's disabilities have nothing to do with this.
It isn't the boogey that is being seen as bad it's the latter.
Please refrain from using mental illnesses as an insult
I would love to see your mom's reaction to that view.
Whoever asks someone on a date (man or girl) should pay but if it's a friend with no romantic chance than no we're paying 50/50.
Please do not use offensive and/or derogatory language as an insult
Wow well men do this a lot too. Especially with younger women. They just trade the older model in for the newer one.
derogatory and sexist comments are hurtful and unwelcome. They do not reflect the values of the members here. Please refrain
I actually still use PayPal and my kids make fun of me saying nobody does anymore.
the use of racist and derogatory terms are hurtful and unneeded. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to Admin
xenophobic and sexist terms are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments on this thread
You're last comment made you look pretty trivial. Try adult language.
The idea of a porn game is cool but not a headless body.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please show some respect to woman and refrain from these type of comments.
Omit [cunt]. This term is generally considered profane & sexually deragatory.
This use of the "c---" term to refer to women is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
Refrain from using deragatory descriptors (i.e. [retard]).   This term is considered bias against developmentally disabled.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive detracts from your point and should be avoided.
Avoid using profanity during descriptions.  Refrain from deragatory terms such as [retard].
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
Avoid using the term "retarded". Many users find it offensive.
I agree. Keep the bigoted terms to yourself.
Warning. Refrain from using the term "nigger."  Many view it as offensive in any context.
Try dumb or stupid instead of a derogatory term.
Avoid using the term "retarded" Many find it offensive regardless of the context.
There are a few words here that show you might be intellectually challenged. Try a little harder.
Avoid the term "retarded"  Many consider it offensive regardless of the context.
The user probably didn't understand how to create the content and seemed to be in an unfortunate state. Name-calling won't help.
derogatory comments are not welcome. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
That is entirely irrelevant to this conversation and also very painful to read and most important not true.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
Let's listen to what the original poster was trying to say. Calling anyone a c-word male or female is bad form.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I agree that the language of the article was incorrect but there's no need to use that word to describe it. It is hurtful.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
That kind of language necessarily insults all women not just the one you are talking about
Your comments about feminists and individuals with autism are a violation of Reddit's content restrictions
Repeating this hateful language isn't helping though could leave it out
Use of that term to describe a woman is offensive and gender discrimination
don't think lumping all women into a categroy like this helpful though
The degenerate language being used makes everyone want to stop reading.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
This comment disparages half the human race with bad words and puts it off as fact.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted
This has devolved into name calling it adds nothing.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please try to be more sensitive on this issue.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Misogynistic hatred "Tw-t" and "ret--d" are hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's not a respectful word
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
using the word 'retard' is considered to be albeism. Refrain from such words
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
It is not an appropriate to make fun of a persons mental development .
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please don't make fun of someones mental development by using it as a slur.
Using the word 'cunt'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The word used as a slur towards women is not appropriate here.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The profanity used can be mistaken for hate speech towards Hindus and women refrain from using it.
using the words 'faggot' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
The use of a homophobic slur is unnecessary.
You don't have to call people that word
The foul language should be replaced in order for people to want to hear your opinion.
You can express your political opinions without resorting to slurs thanks.
Speaking such derrogatory comments speaks volumes about your character.
Regardless of your struggles being sexist is never okay.
That was probably the most ignorant
Replacing the foul language will make people more open to hearing your opinion.
Please educate yourself on sexual assault and rape culture.
Crude language may confuse readers on your meaning and intention.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
The damage has been dealt there is no reason to be rude as well.
Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
That term refers to a serious medical condition. It doesn't mean what you think it does.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
He was already agreeing with you that she's in the wrong. No need to pull out the anti-woman slurs.
You are using pejorative and hateful terms for women in a demeaning manner. You are attacking this person on the basis of her sex.
I agree hate speech is antiquated and we're beyond it. It has no place in 2019.
If your mom is still taking care of you she deserves a medal not to be called hateful names!
What's wrong with that? You seem like an unkind
Totally unwarranted to use a slur regarding someone's sexual orientation as a response.
Using this term in this way constitutes hate speech.
If you don't like something you don't need to resort to hateful language to express yourself.
Please avoid using the term "cunt" to describe people. It is hate speech.
It's not nice to use that word when talking about the mentally ill. That was very offensive.
No reason to insult people with a disability while expressing your opinions here.
This comment is pure hate speech even the parts that are not vulgar. please avoid such speech.
As much as I agree with your stance it is not necessary to insult those with mental disabilities.
This type of language is offensive and your point can be made using other words.
That was a whirlwind of a statement it goes from nice
I agree with gender equality but using a derogatory word in your statement is counterproductive.
This type of language is offensive and promotes a culture of hatred. Please refrain from using these words in your argument.
You don't have to disparage a whole gender because this person wasted your time.
The use of foul language takes away from any point that is trying to be made.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
That's pretty inappropriate. How would they know which side of the fene you belong on
The name calling and foul language shows a lack of understanding of the topic.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Name calling only speaks about the name callers character.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
I don't feel it's necessary to use a word that demeans the differently-abled just to describe your feelings for this person
The foul language should be replaced with more proper verbiage.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
I think everyone would appreciate it if you saw yourself out of this subreddit. Thank you.
What is the point in calling people retards? Do you think it makes you look intelligent?
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Nothing that any of you have said has been productive. Just taking pot shots at each other.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
SHould be ashamed.. misleading someone that doesn't speak english well enough.
Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
Both gender-based threats of violence and using the "c---" term to refer to women are offensive hate speech and should be avoided.
Referring to others with derogatory language undermines your points consider different language in the future
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
"Dumb c--ts" is a hateful ignorant and misogynistic utterance and so has no place here.
Consider using different language in the future that does not undermine your points with hatred
Using the "c---" term to refer to women far from showing cleverness is in fact offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Everyone needs to stop with the racist profiling. Not everyone is the same. I am blonde white female and I'm broke.
If you are trying to defend minorities using language like this does not help your cause.
You should at least try to listen to people's objections before you dismiss them.
I know 9pm doesn't seem late to some but to be out on Halloween it's a bit late. My kids never went out after 7 or 8
All you are doing is trying to silence women for disagreeing with you
If you want to be taken seriously in your arguments you shouldn't insult totally unrelated minorities!
I love Judge Judy! Nobody can call her sexist she gets on everyone!
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
It is ridiculous and harmful to suggest that women and Muslims are able to "get away with anything". You are fomenting resentment.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively far from showing any wit is offensive and should be avoided
Using "c--ts" to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
The "n word" in any context offends many so has no place in intelligent commentary.
106: your comment trivializes rape and falsely suggests that women you don't find attractive cannot be victims. 92: n-word is racist.
Dude
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative sterotype show care or promote understanding.
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings or you will be reported
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
xenophobic and derogatory slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
You know
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Your post uses speech that denigrates disability and/or sexual orientation in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please think about what you are saying before you comment.
Please withdraw the harmful language from your comments.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sexual orientation which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please know that there are consequences to your speech so take out the nasty language.
Your post uses speech that denigrates sex and gender which is in violation of our Content Policy and User Agreement.
Please eradicate the destructive language from your commentary.
Please think about how your words can negatively affect others feelings and remove the damaging ones.
Regardless of her opinion you should not call her that.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature make a productive conversation.
Not sure  who your referring to but that language is not appreciated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Calling him that will not make you feel better about yourself.
I dont understand why everyone on this site uses that word when referring to a female.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Saying something like that is wrong I bet you wouldnt feel the same if it was your mother.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Please refrain from using derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts please.  It doesn't help your argument or add to the thread
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please stop or Admin will be alerted
Please refrain from including ableist insults in your posts.  It doesn't add to discussion or help your arguments.
Using sexist insults in your post doesn't add anything productive to the thread.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the sub with that.
Understanding that people with mental disabilities deserve respect is a good quality to develop.
Mental retardation is a serious medical condition. I'm sure that's not what you meant to mock with your comment.
I doubt the issue is about political affiliation sexual orientation or nationality. The issue is each individual standard of communication
I certainly support colorful language but that lewd phrase is highly offensive to women and isn't necessary.
It's not alright to use such a disrespectful term just because you can't seem to get someone to understand your point.
Calling someone that doesn\'t mean "stupid
Ret---ed" as used here is hateful may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and so must be avoided here.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retarded" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Retard" is a pejorative word that demeans people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences. It is hurtful to use it.
Both "ret--d" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without them.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans queer people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The term "fa--ot" when used pejoratively is offensive to many people and so should not be used in a political commentary.
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
are all forbidden here.'
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please keep the homophobic slurs out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation of the sub.
Can we not use that word?
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments.  It doesn't add anything to the discussion in this thread
Why do you feel the need to attack someone explaining a medical condition.
That isn't nice to say.  Think about how a larger woman would feel if you told her this. Think before you speak
Hateful ableist language doesn't help your argument or add to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
What are you even trying to say none of your sentences make sense they just make you look angry and hateful.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Just have to change one word and then everything is fine.
homophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Literally all of this is bad the bot is even worse. None of this is ok why would you think it is you wouldn't say this IRL.
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to espouse your racism
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting in reddit
Just call them morons really its 2019 now you can handle this.
If she was so terrible a person
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments when posting
Regardless of my opinion on what you said you just cant go that far and use certain words.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please have some respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
You can call her a lot of things but not that.
Using someone's sexuality shouldn't be used for their gaming skills.
Let's watch the language please. This is uncalled for.
As a female I agree that she should be fired if she cannot take constructive criticism . Stop being so sensitive.
There's no need for that kind of language. Be careful.
No way! We have Charlie Angels; leave James Bond to the guys!
Both of you are toeing the line. Let's hold back on the language please.
The flossing dance was done before it even started.
Using a woman's gender to judge her is outright pointless.
I admit that I really am not as nice to fellow women as I am to men. I find talking to men just so much easier.
I understand your frustration but this kind of language is not necessary.
Oh wow... I didn't know this happened. The Feds do not play when it comes to wire fraud. She might get a lot of time.
I dont even understand what you are getting at.
Mindlessly using the "c---" term to refer to women and relishing gender-based violence are offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
Im sure you have never been drunk and done stupid things.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
No need to refer to her as that Im not sure your mother would appreciate it.
No it is usually referring to women in a derogatory manner.
Don't bring gendered insults into it either
Your comment brought nothing to the conversation.
The level of disgust you're showing for another human being is upsetting.
This type of language is not appropriate and your point can be made without such derogatory words.
Every part of your comment was inappropriate for no reason. You could have easily conveyed your idea without being nasty.
The two of you are being so toxic to each other that there is no possible way for either of you to engage in civil discussion at this point.
Please try not to dicuss women's bodies openly and especially with such disgust.
This type of language has a history of being used in a derogatory manner against women. Please be careful in the words you use!
Why was any of this posted. From video to you three's comments nothing has been even remotely acceptable.
It's unfortunate that you see someone nonwhite and you don't even consider that they could have been cast for talent.
What does age have to do with any of the casting? Do the actors/actresses play their characters well?
Removing the foul language would make your point od view more understood.
Wow it makes me upset to see someone in this day and age still have this thought process about women. No doubt you don't have a wife urself
The entire comment is derrogatory and no one would ever take this seriously.
While it is understandable to be upset at this senator for her hypocritical actions we should try not to feed into what she's saying.
The foul language used needs to be replaced in order for anyone to take your opinion seriously.
I understand your message and what you are saying but
The foul language takes away from your opinion.
Listen guys it should be possible to talk about women you dislike without solely relying on sexist misogynistic remarks.
Speaking about woman in such a derrogatory way shows a serious lack of respect.
Please stop the abusive comments and use kinder words.
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the sub.
Please take out the deleterious comments and use ones that are more encouraging to others.
Using hateful sexist language in your posts does not help your argument or add to the conversation.  Please refrain in the future.
Please don't use words that are so disrespectful to women.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your responses in this thread.  It doesn't add anything productive to the conversation.
Please take out the comments that are so destructive to women and use more objectivity in your speech to get your point across.
Any insults concerning sex gender or gender identity are unacceptable.
Please refrain from referring to others with derogatory language as there are better ways to get your point across
Insults concering an individual's disability are not permitted and are uncalled for.
Please refrain from using language that refers to others that have disabilities as others may find this offensive
There is no need to use inappropriate language to express your opinions.
please refrain to referring to females with derogatory words as there are better ways to get your point across.
There is no need to use language demeaning someone's gender or sex to express your opinion.
There are different ways to get your point across without attacking someones character
It was totally unnecessary to use hateful language demeaning people with disability in your comment.
Lets refrain from attacking someones character to get a point across. There are real people that find these words offensive.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Calling someone a name makes one look small and weak.
Learn how to spell 'Youre' before you start throwing shit at others.
Using that kind of language is the lowest form of name calling and makes it seem as if the topic is not comprehended at all by some.
I mean what? This is literally nothing but rage fueled gibberish.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
The point of this comment is lost amongst all of the foul language.
There are much nicer words that you can use for people that disagree with you.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
Using "autistic kid" to label someone\'s intelligence is very unfair towards those with true autism.
Hi Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. Pls and Thx
A girl's race does not need to be pointed out to judge her for how she is. You should not judge someone using sexual remarks about them.
Using someone's religion or beliefs shouldn't be used to judge them.
Let's try to avoid foul language in the general chat to avoid distractions.
Please try not to be belligerent.
Let's avoid using curses or words that are likely to be seen as more inflammatory than persuasive.
There's nothing wrong with them wanting a new subreddit.
If we avoid the rough language it might be easier to get our points across/not shut down our audience.
Language like that doesn't exactly portray yourself as any better.
That kind of language doesn't help anyone understand your point of view.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
This comment is unnecessarily hateful towards mothers and women and demeans mothers in a harmful way.
Both "ret--ded" and "c--t" are terms of hate; and all hate speech is forbidden here. So make your point without it or leave.
Remember that we're trying to uphold a certain standard in our conversation and that talking in derogatory terms only hurts our endeavors.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While it's obvious that this wasn't taken as offensive this could've been handled in a more friendly manner in case that didn't happen.
There are much better words that can be used to replace the foul language.
It is a miracle a spot was even open. They shouldn't of acted that way.
Name calling really takes away from the point that you are trying to make.
Ret---ed" even as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Having an opinion different from mine doesn't make you them a pedophile but sex with minors is illegal.
Name calling and foul language takes away from the point of the topic and creates pointless arguments.
Using stereotypes speaks volumes about your character.
That's not nice at all. You should apologize.
Using someone's gender and sexuality shouldn't be mentioned just to judge them.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
That could really offend someone.  You should do more research about other people's sexuality.
Keeping up with "retards" doesn\'t necessarily make them retarded.
Do not use offensive language that can be interpreted as hate speech.
Suggesting that women in general are "useless" and "lazy" is ridiculous and harmful. You are over-generalizing from specific incidents.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
34: suggesting that underclass people are to blame for their poverty because of "bad genes" is ridiculous and encourages eugenicist ideas.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans gay/lesbian/bisexual people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Use of the slur is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans gays.
2: Your characterization of women is ridiculous demeaning and harmful. 3: It is unacceptable to make light of rape in this way.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Well that escalated quickly. Try to keep your heads about you.
What do you think will be accomplished by continuing to associate negativity with the LGBTQ+ community? You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I understand that you're frustrated but this kind of language is uncalled for.
The "C" word is a compliment in Australia. They have an affinity for things down under. Not quite in the USA.
Although your opinion matters calling someone you don't know a cunt is just rude to be rude.
I understand what you're trying to say but this language is not appropriate.
Good thing that\'s not a real charge. "What is she charged with?" "I\'d rather not say your honor." There is a better way to make your point.
Do you believe calling them "retards" will change their view to yours?
You disagree with a group.. so they are bots. Sounds an awful lot like the stereotypes you are accusing that group of to me.
I'm sorry this happened to you but this kind of language is not appropriate.
That shows a huge lack of morals.  And please stop insulting the female genitalia it's not their fault!!! =)
I agree that person was a less then admirable person.. still no need to call her a "cunt".
Using hateful ableist language is not helping your argument or adding anything to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
Both of you are wrong. It's not polite to spam messages which no one likes
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It doesn't add anything helpful to the sub's discussion
You had valid points until the last sentence. That made me disregard everything you said previously.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist language in your posts.  It does nothing to enhance to the discussion.
Please do not be so unkind when someone is relating honest questions. Your comment is not welcome here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your response.  It adds nothing to the discussion or your argument.
Not everyone will agree with your vulgar and pointless attack on people because they are different from you.
Using hateful ableist language in your post is not adding to the discussion.  Please refrain from using it in the future.
yes he does sound like an Incel but lets not fuel that by personal attacks.
some women exploit ugly men emotionally like some men exploit ugly women sexually. its not all of either party.
You wrote a decent supporting message really to be ok its jsut one word to change otherwise keep being awesome!
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Retard" and "fagot" are pejorative and hateful word that demean people. It is hurtful and harmful to use them.
xenophobic and derogatory comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
its offensive to use faggots and retarded they directly attack one based on their sexual orientation and mental disability respectively
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunty' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Please restrain from using the abusive language.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Give your comments without the hateful speech please.
This comment\'s use of the word "cunt" seems demeaning and harmful towards women in a misogynistic way.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Please stop insulting those with disabilities and use more objective comments.
"Retarded" is a hateful word used to demean people who struggle with learning differences. Using "mentally challenged" in this way too.
using words like cunt and retarded is offensive since its a direct attack based on someone's gender and mental disability
Please use language that is going to state your point without degrading others.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities.
You're lowering the level of this discussion by resorting to slurs like that.
The terms "c--t(s)" and "reta--ds" are bigoted terms of ignorance and so do not have a place in intelligent commentary.
You\'re making blanket assumptions about complete strangers but still accusing others of "brainwashing" that\'s awful.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
sexist and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in this thread
I understand that you want women to be treated the same as men but siding with violence is not the answer.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
People from California and Sweden can publish whatever they want. If you have opposing opinions you're free to publish something as well.
Using foul languge takes away from the validity of one's point as well as creates pointless arguments.
sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
If you want your own religion to be respected then you should respect that of others. Also User 2 has no right to infer you are  "r."
Using foul language doesn't make a point any more valid.
racist and homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Just because you disagree with Beto doesn't mean you have to feminize his name or imply he's a homosexual.
I think it's best you think twice about what you are saying. You should focus more on yourself.
That's someone's sister or wife or mother. Just because she has a different political ideology doesn't mean you have to debase her
Please use more respectful words when referring to other groups and persons!
You don't have to disparage the differently-abled to show your frustration at not being racist towards who you'd like to be racist towards
Woah! Please be respectful in the words you use instead of resorting to derogatory name-calling.
It's not necessary to disparage a whole gender of people because this person made questionable decisions.
Please refrain from using derogatory name-calling which could be offensive to other users.
its inappropriate to use words such as  dyke as they directly attack people based on their sexual orientation
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding or show care.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the word 'cunts'  is a direct attack against a person based on their gender. Its offensive and should be avoided
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Using the words like retardation and psycho is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Please have discussions with respect to all persons and groups. Using derogatory names is not constructive.
That's extremely racist and rude. You should delete your comment.
I know you aren't meaning to be insulting
Please use appropriate and respectful language when addressing others in the conversation.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Using name calling speaks volumes about your character.
I agree
Your comment is horrendously sexist objectifying women in a harmful way and employing the hateful sexist slur "cunt".
There are more efficient ways to describe someone other than resorting to name calling.
Removing the foul language would make people more receptive to your point of view.
All the name calling shows a lack of character on the name callers behalf.
Please quit being so wounding with your words.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using foul language doesn't make your point any more heard by others.
Please think about how other people feel when you make these hurtful comments.
Name calling is a very childish act.
Please think of the consequences of your words before you speak.
Calling someone a name like that speaks volumes about your character.
Please exclude the unfriendly comments and use ones that are nicer.
Please do away with the damaging remarks to get your point across.
I don't disagree with your point
"Retarded" is a pejorative hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. Also not good to throw "autist" around.
Making fun of medical conditions isn't cool. I'm sure you didn't even think about that before you wrote those insensitive comments.
Not sure what's going on this conversation but this kind of language is not acceptable.
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
That's not even remotely funny. Making fun of mentally challenged people isn't a joke.
Let's watch the language please. This is inappropriate.
Speaking so derrogatorily about someone makes you look like a small individual.
You could say you disapprove without mocking a serious medical condition.
I understand you're frustrated but you need to watch your language.
Using foul language doesn't get your point heard any more than not using foul language.
This thread is actually funny minus the name calling in the beginning!
This is a lot of back and forth banter for a topic that could be interesting if you stayed focused!
Not sure what's going on here but please watch your language.
All the foul language and name calling and none of it has anything to do with the topic.
Wow! He said thanks. The hostility is totally uncalled for!
Does using that inflammatory word make you feel better? You just demeaned a group of people that include your mother
"Retard" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
The preferred vernacular is "differently-abled" or "challenged". Don\'t be a brute
Your language and tone are demeaning and harmful towards lesbian women.
Why would women wanna be gay when they could be with someone as open-minded as you?
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Your usage of that pejorative is not necessary. You only intend to enflame with this language.
You are using the word "cunt" to specifically demean women which is a sexist slur against women and unacceptable.
You are aware that you are demeaning a group of people that includes your mother? Use new words. Do it for mommy
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
If you're a fat person too then you should understand why it's appealing to want an easy out.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
Its inappropriate to use the words 'bitch cunt' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
Being rude like this isn't a good look.
This comment is evidently misogynistic using hateful slurs against women.
Its inappropriate to use the word 'twat' as an insult since its a direct attack to someone based on their gender
There's no reason to escalate to calling her that.
Using this kind of language doesn't add anything to the conversation.
"Fag" and "retard" are hateful words that are used to demean gay people and people with learning differences and should be avoided.
derogatory and xenophobic comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
I think you will find that many people with mental handicaps are actively striving for self determination within a capitalist society.
Your usage of gendered terminology will likely get your opinion ignored and blocked by the people who's minds you are trying to change.
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported to admin
The use of antiquated and imprecise language is really holding back your arguments.
hey sexist and derogatory comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
The internal workings and decisions of the legal system are quite arcane and have a lot to do with circumstances the public may not know.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments in reddit
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race
Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings while posting in reddit
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity or that describe a person with a mental disability are not productive.
"Re---d" "fa--ot" and "carpetmucher" all used here detract from legitimate discussion of gender issues; such hatred must be eliminated.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
I don't think using words that perpetuate negativity show care.
"The n word" and "k-ke" are terms of hate betray ignorance and should not be used here.
Such an alphabet soup of ignorant hatred and gross insensitivity merely brand the speaker as profoundly ignorant. Please avoid them here.
To use sexuality as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please use words that are universally accepted and avoid blatant degradation
You can't define someone by their gender as people act out of their gender norms all the time. It only makes you sound uneducated.
To use gender as a means of insulting people is only showing of your lack of creativity.
Please be respectful to other users and groups! Derogatory words and names don't contribute to a meaningful conversation.
Please be mindful of the words you choose. Words that are historically considered derogatory can offend others in a public forum.
Everyone is entitled to their opionion
Using sexuality as a means of insulting people is ignoring how normal that is only shows how sheltered you are
Woah! Please use more universally accepted words. This rhetoric is offensive and derogatory towards women.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Use of the slurs is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Threads couldn't possibly be retarded
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Women have enough issues as it is please don't contribute to sexism.
Choose other words to describe females
There's no reason to use the c-word try broadening your vocabulary.
The way she looks has nothing to do with the content.
Cheaters are awful but there's no reason to bring sexist comments into this.
You are being extremely disrespectful to those suffering from mental illness.
These words can be very hurtful to people who are challenged
I agree
Let's not use the R word it's offensive to other people attack ideas not people.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disability and should be avoided.
Hey guys as a gaming reddit we have a lot of kids so let's tone down the language also User 1 stop attacking people.
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
Don't use the R word it's offensive to people of different abilities not the people you're trying to make fun of.
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences/disabilities and should be avoided.
I'm not sure what that is
There's no point saying something that means anything designed to deliberately annoy.
Your slur seems to be demeaning towards both LGBTQ and African-Americans. It is harmful to use the n-word lightly like that as a joke.
I hope that your use of that word doesn't reflect on your relationship with your mother.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive unnecessary and should be avoided.
I don't get why people have to refer to women by that word.
All of you would likely know more about how women think if you didn't throw the word cunt around.
Not only the work "c--t" but blatantly misogynistic excreta like "dumb c--t" is hateful and forbidden here.
You could use another word that wasn't offensive to all women.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
Using "Ret--ded" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
You're bringing down a reasonable discussion by introducing this kind of language.
Using words like "cunt" and using someone\'s gender doesn\'t makes sense when you try and judge their actions/beliefs.
I think you can both admit this conversation lost all point once you began to use such offensive language.
Using someone's sexuality to judge them is pointless especially when the judging is for no reason at all.
This is incredibly disrespectful to two women who are world class athletes.
Retard" and "retarded" are words that demean people who struggle with learning disabilities/differences not casual insults.
You're depersonalizing these people by using that kind of terminology which makes you less sensitive to them being hurt.
Please end the harassment of others by changing your hurtful language.
Replacing the foul language with better words will allow people to better understand your opinion.
Please discard the hurtful words that are damaging to others.
The use of foul language makes the comments unreadable to most people.
Please end the comments that are hostile and use kinder explanations.
How you feel about how a person is acting doesn't give you the right to refer to them in a hateful manner. Please refrain
Describing someone using such a derrogatory term speaks volumes about your character.
Even if you don't like the attitudes of people please use words that are more respectful.
hey there racist and sexist views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Stop using racist insults.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Stop using gender based insults.
You aren't helping your argument when you use sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  Please refrain from it in the future.
The type of language you use is not appropriate and is derogatory.
Using words that negatively impact a person's gender identity do not promote understanding.
Please use other language to make your point without using derogatory names and phrases.
The use of foul language makes it hard to understand what someone is trying to say.
I agree with your opinion but I prefer to use the term stupid.
The foul language used would be better substituted for a more appropriate verbiage.
Dogs are not the brightest animals but I do not think using that word to describe them is appropriate.
The foul language takes away from the   validity of the point that is being made.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race or demeans a person's gender identity is not productive in conversion.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
Using the word 'retards'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
The woman in question was practicing free speech and expression
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted. Thx
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
A word is more than its shock value
Hey Please refrain from using racist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here. thank you
Use of the c-word is unacceptable in our discourse because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Hey there Racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings. Thank you
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans other people.
All of the foul language and name calling speaks volumes about your character.
You are unfairly blaming societal problems on groups of people who you have chosen as scapegoats but who also suffer from the same problems
Name calling shows the kind of person you are.
First of all it's patently false that immigrants are unintelligent. Also you should be more sensitive to developmental differences.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I think you are factually incorrect here engaging in hyperbole that is meant to vilify women.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively and its embedding is misogynistic rants  are each offensive and should be avoided
"Gay men...deserve to be killed" is blatant hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
That's so racist and sad. You should think more before you type.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is never clever; it is offensive and should be avoided
This whole conversation is absurd
Twice in your response you used gender based hate speech. This kind of speech does not help you make your point. Please avoid doing so.
I don't think using words that demean a peron's gender are productive in conversation.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not promote understanding.
She did apologize and she is a student. Hopefully it's a lesson taught and brought into adulthood.
Not sure why you think its necessary to attack someone over gender which has nothing to do with the story.
My ex told me that he hated not being circumcised and that it causes infection if not cleaned twice a day.
Demeaning people with disabilities while expressing your opinion on circumcision is totally unwarranted.
He is just trying to say that is what he finds attractive but at no times does it mean hate or racism. I have to agree.
Your use of outdated and insulting terms is unwarranted in this thread.
I might want to see this movie. It actually looks pretty good.
You can disagree with someone without using offensive/demeaning language.
I don't think only women caused this issue. I am in my 30s and bought 2 homes already and own a business.
Totally unwarranted to refer to older individuals in that manner.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
cunt" is sexist.
Using words to demean a person's gender are neither productive nor careful.
Use of the slurs here is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans others.
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are hateful and bigoted terms. Their use here is unnecessary and offensive to many.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
If someone wants to act out or break the law they get arrested regardless if their a woman.
Some feminist get out of hand with the extreme ideology but not all.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I am still sitting here shocked NYC had a parking spot open.
Hey there Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
The stats do say history repeats itself. My mom was abused by her 1st husband and then I went on to go through the same.
R---rds" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I think it's a good concept to be able to change the gender to what you prefer no harm done.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
please refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue Admin will be alerted
Stop using a medical condition as an insult.
Stop using gender based insults.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thank you
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Stop using a sexual choice as an insult.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
Please be respectful to all races ethnicities religions and genders. Conversations are more constructive when we avoid derogatory names.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please refrain from using derogatory and offensive names when referring to fellow users.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please use more universally accepted words when referring to other people.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Woah! Please use words that are universally accepted. It is easier to have a conversation without resorting to degrading or derogatory words
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
Please be respectful in the words you choose! Opinions can be expressed in a way that doesn't use derogatory names as a crutch.
Using sexist insults in your post isn't adding anything to your argument or contributing to the topic.  Please refrain from it in the future
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
Please refrain from using sexist and homophobic slurs in your posts.  You aren't adding anything productive to the discussion with that.
Racist  and sexist comments are hurtful and derogatory. Please be considerate of others when posting.
Using hateful ableist language in your post adds nothing of substance to the discussion of the sub.  Please refrain from it in the future
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to the conversation in this thread.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. Please be considerate of others and their feelings
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your comments you aren't adding anything helpful to the conversation of the sub
homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
Please refrain from using hateful sexist insults in your posts.  It isn't aiding your argument or adding anything to the debate in this sub.
Retard" is an unacceptable slur used to demean people with learning disabilities/differences. "Islamic savagery" is extremely Islamophobic.
The hateful use of "ret--ds" and "retar--d"as well as bigoted speech directed at jews (whether called "juice" or not) are not allowed here.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist rhetoric in your posts.  It doesn't help your arguments or contribute anything valid to the sub
Retard" and "faggot" are unacceptable hateful slurs that demean people and are harmful in that way.
"Ret--ded" and "Fag--ts
Using hateful ableist and homophobic rhetoric doesn't add anything productive to this debate.  Please refrain from it in the future.
Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
Using hateful ableist language in your posts doesn't aid your argument or add anything to the conversation of the sub. Please refrain.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Plenty of guys get away with worse! Don't be so quick to play the sexism angle.
Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Making fun of mental illness isn't cool at all.
A conversation about car tastes does not need to turn into this dudes.
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Using that choice of insult is inappropriate. It mocks those with a serious medical issue.
Just gotta change one word.
That's not a very mature comment and adds nothing to the discussion.
Should just say nothing then.
What someone wears does not determine if they deserve to be harassed or assaulted.
You know that's a really rude way of speaking to others. You should apologize.
Hey there you should really think about who you could offend before making a post like this.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
"Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should not be used.
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted and will be reported to admin
racist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
refrain from using derogatory comments in the thread. They are hurtful and unwanted. If you continue you will be reported
"Retarded" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences and should be avoided.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please be respectful of woman and refrain from these type of comments
sexist and derogatory views are hurtful and uncalled for. Please refrain from this type of behavior or you will be reported
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It isn't adding anything to your debate.
Using words that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature or that describe a person with a mental disability promote productive conversation.
Please refrain from using sexist or derogatory comments. They are hurtful and do not reflect the views of most people here
Using sexist language doesn't help your argument or add anything of substance to the discussion.  Please refrain in the future.
While it was wrong it is hard for us to know the story and so we can't judge or call names.
91% of rape victims in the US are female and 9% are male. It's a tragedy no matter who is affected but women are disproportionally at risk.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
This language is anti-black and belittling to women.
words like retard and faggot are offensive as they directly attack one based on mental disability and sexual orientation
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You aren't really helping your point of view by throwing those kinds of insults at someone when trying to defend someone else.
Wow not cool. Lots of bad words in there. Be more considerate you probably offended someone!
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
That is so wrong. I am a female and this is what gives us a bad name. She deserves some kind of punishment.
"Fa-ots" and the "n word" offend many add nothing to intelligent debate. and so must be avoided in this forum.
That is terrible thing to say. My grandma never said that at all.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I never understood why ladies thought it was ok to act up on Cinco de Mayo.
Using the "c---" term to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
I am not a big Ginsburg fan but I hope she is ok. I don't hate on anyone.
Anyone who has "gay friends" should know how many people the  term "fa--ot" offends. Such displayed ignorance detracts from any real point.
I never heard of that term but it's not really nice.
User 17 makes an articulate point but if you have an opposing opinion you can do so without calling him the "r" word.
You can be patriotic about America without calling the other party the "r" word.
This type of language is offensive and derogatory. Please refrain from such language.
Even if the movie was that horrible using the "r" word (both of them) so casually is out of line.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
It could be more of a behavioral problem rather than a handicap.
Using the word 'retarded'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
That is a little harsh for a differing opinion. I think we should try to keep this civil.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
You could try to take on some more advanced material. If you aren't challenged you won't grow or feel like you have earned success.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Your points can be easily made without using derogatory names.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Retarded" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans people who struggle with learning differences. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
Hey now that is not appropriate language for this site.
Hey there racist comments are hurtful and unwanted. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings
Avoid using that vulgar word on this site.
Hey there sexist comments and views are rude and unwelcome. Please respect woman and refrain from these type of comments. Thanks
Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people and should not be used.
Please do not use a term of sexuality in a hateful manner.
Hey there homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments. Thank you
Retard" is a hateful word that is used to demean people who struggle with learning differences.
Do not use a mental disability as an insult on this site.
Hey there derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting. Thanks
The word "retarded" is outdated and ignorant. I\'m sure you can come up with a better insult.
You can disagree with liberal views without calling them the "r" word.
I encourage you to get creative and think of ways to avoid using "retard".
The word "cunt" is a gendered slur. You can express your opinion without being hurtful.
I understand that this is a frustrating issue but there is no need for gendered slurs.
Her gender has nothing to do with the officer not deciding to handcuff her it was the officer's decision.
Settle down the speech please to words that aren't so revolting to others.
There is no need for gendered slurs dude.
Don't insult the lady she just didn't understand it was a teaser.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  They don't add anything to the discussion in the sub.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts.  It doesn't help your argument and contributes nothing to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability is not conducive to productive conversation.
Please refrain from using hateful ableist language in your posts. It doesn't help your argument and adds nothing to the sub.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
Please keep the hateful ableist language out of your posts.  It doesn't add anything productive to the thread.
Using a word that describes someone with a mental disability does not show care
Hey there are a lot of people that I love would be hurt by you using this word.
I don't know why you would talk so cavalierly about serious violence against women.
Using a derogatory word to describe someone's race is not productive in conversion and does not show care.
This exchange is full of hate: "b--ch" "hoe" "the n word" misogyny hatred for Jews and Muslims--such uncivilized puerility must stop.
I don't think using words that are sexist in nature contribute to a productive conversation.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
I don't think using words that perpetuate a negative stereotype show care or promote understanding.
Using words that profanely refer to parts of a person of a specific gender are neither productive nor careful.
Both using "c--t" and ill-considered racial stereotyping offends most people communicates only ignorance and is not welcome here.
I don't think using a word that derogatorily refers to a person with a mental disability is productive or meaningful.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Retr--d" "b--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and target people on the basis of sex or mental health; the terms are forbidden here.
Please expel the demeaning language from your conversation and use gentler words.
Using the term "c---" pejoratively is so offensive that it should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
Please get rid of the derogatory comments towards women and be more respectful with your words.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
Please avoid the damaging remarks and use a more softhearted tone.
Misogyny hate speech and the vitriolic use of the term "c--t" are not permitted in this forum.
Please use care with your words in expressing your opinions about elders.
Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
You can have a certain opinion on PC terms and express it without using the "R" word.
You dont have to use a metally dimished person in your example.
Those women were in the wrong but there's no need to use the C word.
You really dont need to use that language to express your feeling.
Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You can disagree with the way Mozilla is being conducted without using the "r" word.
I know you can think of a better word to classify them instead of making yourself seem incompetent.
Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
You made such a good argurement then had to bring up the r word and totally kill my opinion of you.
You can disagree with User 6 without calling him the "f" word.
Surely you can find a better way to rebute someone than calling them that.
Use of the r-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans people with mental disabilities.
While I agree that religion should be approached with skepticism there is little to no correlation between belief and intelligence.
I believe that they prefer to be called country people.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
While I like your point the derogatory term is a bit excessive maybe in the future call them food warriors.
Use of the c-word is unacceptable because it hurts insults and demeans women.
I would have called them obstructionists personally but I'm trying to avoid swearing and using other dodgy language.
Please refrain from using homophobic slurs in your post.  They don't enhance your argument or the discussion in this thread
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
Please be respectful in the words you choose. It can be hurtful to others.
Please stop using homophobic slurs in your posts.  They are adding absolutely nothing to the sub's conversation.
Both using "fa--ot" and racial bigotry are hate speech and so forbidden in this forum.
The words you've used are historically sensitive and considered very offensive. Please be careful with the words you choose!
Using the term "c--ts" pejoratively is offensive and should be avoided.
These types of words are considered derogatory and offensive and can be replaced with more universally accepted terms.
Misogynism and use of the words "b--ch" and "c--t" have no place here; all must be avoided.
Please use more universally accepted words that do not target groups in a degrading manner!
Using hateful ableist language in your post doesn't add any credence to your argument nor does it benefit the discussion of the sub.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
He's right you should be embarrassed by your choice of words. Homophobic slurs have no place in this thread.
xenophobic and homophobic slurs are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments.
using the word 'nigger' is a direct attack to someone based on their race and its advisable that you refrain from using it
This was a respectable argument until the racial and anti-female slurs started flying.
racist and sexist comments are offensive and hurtful and should not be used. Please refrain from these types of comments in reddit
using the words 'faggot fuckers' is offensive and homophobic. Refrain from using such words.
Your name calling isn't necessary. A simple request for a video would be adequate.
homophobic comments are offensive and hurtful to people and should not be used. Please refrain from using these types of comments.
Using the word 'retard'  is offensive to the mentally disabled. its a direct attack to their disability.
Lie or not using that word is highly offensive and actually mocks a medical condition.
derogatory comments are not productive. Please refrain from using them and consider other peoples feelings when posting
